
When he was sick, it help me keep track of how many diapers a day he was producing to make sure he was getting dehydrated.
The note sections to the side and bottom are useful too because his sitter writes in small notes about whether or not he liked his lunch or if the playtime included going for a walk, etc.Excellent for moms who are wanting to keep track of their kids daily routine even though they are at work.
However, when you get home you do not have a nurse to remind you or ask when your baby's last bowel movement was and you are so overwhelmed with the new schedule you can't even remember what day it is.
It was so bad we had to contact our pediatrician's after hours on-call doctor.
Looking at the tracker we realized a trend, the baby was not feeding for a long time AND we had very few wet diapers and bowel movements.
This was an indication our baby was dehydrated and the doctor suggested we start pumping breast milk (to see how much we get) and supplement with formula until sufficient breast milk finally came in.
In the comments column we use it for tracking how much water I drink because I was not drinking enough to make an adequate supply of breastmilk.
For a while I wasn't sure what was giving him horrible gas, so I started to track what I ate in case it was a food allergy (we have a peanut allergy in the family).
I wish the hours started around 6 am and went until 8 pm, but we just write over certain times to suit our purposes.
I also like that the front page has a place for emergency comments and a consent form in case your child needs medical care.
We hired an in-home nanny to care for our little boy and the arrangement has worked quite well ever since.
In a few short moments you can summarize all of the data in the columns in the totals section and determine key information - how much did baby eat, did baby have a bowel movement, how much sleep did they get, etc.There are, however, some frustrating limitations with this journal.
However, once your baby becomes more active and you'd like to know more than &#34;tummy time&#34; under the play-time column things start to get very tight on the page.Another problem is that this tracker only covers 12 hours out of a baby's day.
But I'm not one of those people!
I knew that I wouldn't have time to work on his baby book in the beginning (and sure enough I didn't even get it out until after 2 months), and because I had this book I was able to finally transfer everything over.
The way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with PM on the left and A.M. on the right).
It's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in AM or PM then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).
Sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend prior.I bought this tracker when my daughter was 4 weeks old.
Not sure exactly what made me think that I could keep up with recording every feeding, diapering, and sleep session.
I work F/T so it's great to come home and peruse his day (feeding schedule, play time)  as a secondary account after talking to nanny.
With the restless nights and the nights blending together, it&#8217;s so easy to forget the last poopy diaper or what side and time you started feeding your little one.
I will defiantly use it again for my next baby!The layout of the hours are a little tricky but it does the job.
Frustrating and inaccurate.
If you're organized you could easily make one of these yourself and not spend the money, but when we had our baby I just needed one thing done for me and not have to do it myself and for that it was very helpful.The Daycare workers were offended by the book at first but after explaining its usefulness they realized how handy it is becoming.This is probably one of the greatest inventions.
It literally never left my side for the first 6 months.
Once this ran out I bought another type of journal and am wishing I had just bought this one again.I did a lot of researching on what baby journal to buy and settled on this one and I did not regret it even for a second.
I'd buy them again for sure!My daughter received this as a gift when she was born and when she was on her tummy I used to line them up for her to look at and try and grab.
My son can't quite stack them himself, but he knows how to nest them and sure does love knocking them down when I stack them.
Some of the activities are too hard for the age group that would be playing with this book.I had a homemade quiet book when I was a kid and saw some on pinterest.
My daughter has a hard time getting the snaps on/off (they require a little extra &#34;elbow grease&#34; and/or for you to hold down the fabric on the page).
The velcro spots are a little small and flimsy.Page 2: Clock - the hands move freely, well constructed (my daughter isn't ready to learn the time but likes moving the arrows and talking about numbers)Page 3: Buttoning flowers to same colored buttons (this is too hard for my daughter to accomplish but I have her tell me where to button it by matching colors)Page 4: Tie the shoe - wish the string were a little longer which would make the task easierPage 5: Zip up the dress - my little one likes zippers - wish it had the ability to zip completely open so she could practice matching up the ends of the zipperPage 6: Buckle the pants buckle - this one is tricky!Page 7: Snap balloons on to color matched strings - the plastic snaps take a decent amount of pressure to apply and are a little hard to accomplishPage 8: 4 different texture and color swatchesOverall I think this book will last a long time and my daughter will be able to appreciate it more as she grows older.I got this quiet book for my 11 month old - for his 1st birthday coming up.
It's also got bright colors and fun shapes that he is sure to enjoy.
It's huge, it's hard to clamp down on, and my daughter had no idea what was going on when it started vibrating in her mouth.It's just too big, awkward, and hard to push down on.
great product for the money and a must have for a teething baby.I thought my daughter would LOVE this product, but not the case..it is made well..But you have to bite down REALLY hard to make the vibration work :( She does however like the toy at the bottom of it!Our teething little five month old girl can't really make it vibrate, but the eight month boy grandchild does.
He likes it OK.It is a great toy for them to chew and play with, but it is a bit harder for smaller babies to chew on.
The vibration was a bit stronger than I was expecting, but it does not seem to bother my son a bit.Great teething ring and toy.My 6 mth loves it, its so much fun.he loves the vibration, the little color wheel to the other end he loves to spin.something fun to bite on for his aching gum.I recommend it!My son loved this toy form the time he was teething until well after the time he got his teeth in.
I plan on buying this for my daughter who is now 3 months even though she is not teething yet, she loves putting things in her mouth.The teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.He's already figured out how to activate the vibration.
I sent one to a friend who just had her baby for when she starts teething.I have a 6.5mo old who loves when we tap on toys when he has them in his mouth, yes sounds weird.
He loves that as well but has to be supervised so he doesn't choke, you think for long skinny objects made for babies that they would make a guard block to prevent any type of choking.This teether will be better if it had an on/ off button, my baby not able to bite down hard enough to turn it on and once again we have to hold it for him to turn it on.
I was trying to find a teether with vibrations he can use by himself.I am so glad we invested in this product....at the time the baby was teething like a feind and this was a life saver!!
so it's not a complete wasteA must in addition to all the teething toys.
My little boy LOVES to chew on things while he's teething - and he bites down hard.
He was never able to bite hard enough to get this dumb thing to vibrate.
Very disappointing.I got this as a shower gift but could not use it for awhile.
Not only a teether but a toy as well :)It is somewhat difficult for my daughter to get it to vibrate, but when I help she seems to get one relief.
It made them happier than any other product on the market, including a certain rubber giraffe.This works well to keep a baby busy.
It's just too bad you can't change the battery.
I did buy this previously for another baby and I don't recall the battery running out for a long time.Initially, my baby was not able to cause it to vibrate on his own because he just wasn't chomping down hard enough.
My only complaint is that she has a hard time activating the vibration by biting hard enough.
She actually cries when I try to take it away from her.At first my 7 month old could not initiate the vibrating on her own.
Actually her favorite thing to chew on (she's just now getting her first tooth) is my little coach wallet- I guess she likes the leather or something but she is quite obsessed with it!
The one complaint I have is that they have to really bite down hard to get it to vibrate so I often found myself squeezing it for them as they pulled it to their mouthsMy baby hated this thing so I cannot comment on it's effectiveness.
We never leave the house without this thing and it is the go-to gift I give to all my expecting friends.Baby loves this teether.
He never took a pacifier, but this toy is the closest thing--sometimes when he's screaming, this toy is the only thing that'll calm him down.
So glad we found it.
However, the reason I gave it four stars and not five is because he doesn't bite down hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, and so he lost interest in it fairly quickly.This is one of my twin sons favorite teethers, but they are only six months old and right now it is too heavy for them to hold by themselves, so we have to sit and hold it in their mouths for them.
This is not a huge deal, and I'm sure in another month or so they will be able to manage, but I just wanted to let other parents know that this is not something you can just hand your baby.
My granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well,  Not necessarily just to sooth gums.Our 6 month old can't bite on this thing hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, so we have to squeeze it and help him hold it in his mouth (it's also heavy).
He seems to enjoy the way it feels, but it's actually so hard to squeeze that even our hands get tired after a minute or so.
It does not state ANYWHERE on the package that it is BPA free.
If not, why wouldn't the company simply label the product as BPA, lead, and phthalate free?Eight years ago, when I gave this toy to my sons, no one had ever heard of BPA.
My boys put all manner of plastic toys in their mouths, and I'm sure it was all riddled with BPA.
But, in this day and age, when BPA is strongly suspected of being dangerous, I cannot in good conscience allow my new baby to chew on anything that MAY contain it.
Again, why not label it as such?
Most companies proudly label their products with that simple language that cannot be confused.Don't waste your money, my son would rather suck on his fingers than to use this messaging corn teether.
My only big complaint - the star bead on the end.
It is hard, and pointy.
If it catches my son's sore, in-coming teeth the wrong way, he will cry.
No funky smell, bpa free.
i read some complaints about the star-- the edges of the star are rounded but if choped at a bad angle, I think it could still be an issue, but i watch my daughter with it.This would have been an ok teething necklace if it weren't for the Star bead.
It may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but I still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now.
Hands free is the way to be!The sling I was given was a bit large for me, and I'm not a tiny person 5'3'' 135lbs.
This is the most comfortable and versatile carrier I've tried yet.The downsides are that it is a little challenging to use.
If you don't adjust the carries you use as your baby grows, it can be very uncomfortable for both you.
However, it pulled hard on my shoulder.Now, he's 7 months old, and he's crawling and pulling himself up, and he doesn't like to be restrained at all.
I've tried the kangaroo position, but I'm so scared he's going to fall out the bottom because he is quite a wiggle worm.
I even practiced with my cat before to see if I could put it on and if it was comfortable.
I must admit this is so much more comfortable than the front packs or back packs.
However, my daughter will not go in this.
She just will not lay in it.
I hope I can use it like that, but for the next baby, I am not going to use it.
These slings are just not very easy on larger women who are a rather endowed.My son loves this.
DEFINITELY make sure the one you buy comes with the video, though.
The colors are pretty but the sheets themselves are not soft.
That was disappointing to my daughter who I bought the sheets for and of course to me.
They are not inexpensive so I expected more.
We have not assembled the co-sleeper yet but when I received it the box was all torn and dented.
it's not the most durable stroller toy i've seen, but it's cute.I was a little nervous because so many people wrote that this adorable product did not fit Graco strollers well.
I am thrilled to report, however, that it fits the Graco Metrolite stroller perfectly and looks adorable!
only reason i didn't give it a five star was that the food cup in the bug comes off way too easily.I just bought this toy because it was the only one I could find in the store for a stroller.. And of course it won't fit on our Graco stroller.Baby loved this but the only problem is the straps that tie it to the stroller are not big enough for some trays.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
Great pail.Turned out to be a total stink bomb.
Amazon will not let me alter the star rating or it would be only one starDo NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.
It WILL STINK TERRIBLY in a little over a year because they put a foam and cloth gasket (porous) to keep the stink in.
*3) Easy enough for visitors to use- too difficult for them to play with.
The lid is definately tight, but it does not bother me much.
Also, my husband would load the diaper into the top but routinely forget to flip it over to dump the dirty diaper.
Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
With the Diaper Genie, you have to twist the darn thing and it's hard to operate.
When she's at my house, she can't go wrong, just flip the handle!
But just to let you know that I've been breastfeeding and the poop doesn't stink as much as formula poop.
I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!
!This product isn't that bad... however it is not smell proof.
I love the fact that it will take any type of trash bag, but if you do not empty the pail out daily the smell leaks out into your baby's room and it does not smell pleasant.It makes so much more sense to just use regular kitchen trash bags, more cost effective.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
BUT, my complaint is -- why couldn't they make it bigger?I've heard it's the biggest one you can buy, but I find it frustrating that my regular kitchen-sized garbage bags are only 2/3 full when the Diaper Champ requires us to remove the bag.
My little boy's room doesn't stink from dirty diapers.
The only times I have had a problem with odors is if too many diapers are stuffed into the pail.
I decided to go w/ the Diaper Champ after learning that the overwhelming majority of my friends absolutely hated that leading diaper pail the Diaper Genie and actually trying to use that awful contraption.
I also did not like the idea of having to buy the special bags that the Diaper Genie requires.
I have NEVER experienced an odor problem.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
We have been using it for 3 months and have had no problem with smells.
We liked the fact that you could use regular trash bags instead of special refills.We've used this diaper pail for 16 months now and smell never escapes from it (except when we open it to change the bag).
so i decided on this one and glad i did.
I also like the fact that you do not have to buy special bags for it and can use ordinary trash bags.
It's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper.
The only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail.
For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
I would not recommend buying that one.
Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market.This is easy to use, but it does not disguise the smell that great!
I haven't had a problem with the bag not being full enough.
The only problem I've found with it was when my sister-in-law put my 2 year old nieces diaper in there and the smell lingered a bit.
But we have had to expend quite the effort to find one that actually works.
The first Diaper Champ that we bought had a  piston that would not drop (the plastic joint did not meet and thus caught the piston on its way down).
The replacement Diaper Champ's piston moved just fine but the drum would not flip over easily.
This is not one handed operation as the box states.
And you do not even need to ask.
We have never had a problem with the smell escaping.3) Easy to use.
Our daugher is now 4 months old, and we never had a problem with this.
This holds alot and does not take up alot of space.We didn't want to spend a fortune on a diaper pail and refills, so we opted for the Diaper Champ.
However, there is never a smell eminating from my champ.3.
But, there has never been any leakage of smell and it does not stink when I open it to change it.4.
There are no bad smells until you open it.
it can hold quite a few.
It is so easy to use - one handed diaper disposable with the quick flip handle and so easy to empty.
I keep it in my baby's bedroom in a corner and it has never produced any foul odors.
But, even going that long, it does not smell.
I would never use one that required refills, what is the sense in that when this one works perfectly?
Never an odor problem.
As far as some people saying it smells, I haven't had a problem.
), but i never had any issues with smell, unless it was so full it had to be emptied anyway.
However, I never use it.
have to change regulary (2 times per week) when the baby gets on solids though.I used to live in an apartment basement with NO WINDOWS and this 'stroke of genius' diaper champ did not smell at all!
I ended up not even having to wash out the inside until 4mnths later!
Simply drop the diaper in the cubby on top and flip the handle!
Drop and flip!
This is not a worry when it comes to the champ.
Easy to clean - I wipe it down with Clorox wipes.What I didn't like: Not especially good-looking and at times the lid gets stuck in a certain position (could just be a problem with mine) hence the four stars.Would buy again though and do recommend it.
Just flip the handle and the diapers fall through to the bag.
I do admit, older children's diapers are a bit too stinky in the diaper champ, but I never said this product was a miracle worker.
No need to buy re-fills.Easy to change bags.Stable when changing bags (others are not!!!)
I actually developed pain in my elbow from all the twisting the Diaper Genie required as it wrapped each diaper into its little sausage-like casing.
You never have to change any cartridges and you can use an ordinary garbage bag.
I love it and we have never had any smell escape from it.I love this diaper pail.
Yea, if you let poopy diapers sit in it for too long and don't change the bag on a regular basis it will start to stink but  c'mon its a bucket full of poopy diapers.As you child grows, or if you have older children watch out.
The only con is that it can be tough to open until you get the hang of it.
One cannot expect that it will be odor free.
It is my fault, though.
If I emptied the bag more often, there would not be a stench.
But that was my own fault.
I did not have it on the floor.
When opening the lid, step on the stabilizer ring at the bottom of the unit and it opens with ease.I too love that you do not have to buy special bags for this.
What a pain to have to remember to buy and then spend five bucks a pop on Genie bags.
I clean it weekly and since my daughter is on formula now, I never put poop diapers in it and therefore it never smells bad.
My only complain is that the part that you hook the bags to doesn't connect to anything to hold it up when cleaning.After reading all the reviews on-line for this product I chose to register for it, now that I am using it I am disappointed.
I'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.
Let's face it - diapers stink.
After about a week she complained because it started to stink.
We have NEVER noticed a diaper odor anywhere, not even while replacing the bag.Every time one of my husband's friends' wives gets pregnant, my husband buys the guy the Diaper Champ, AND THEY ALL LOVE IT!We have much less diaper odor than my firends with same-age babies have with Diaper Genie.
Also, they say that when you change bags in Diaper Genie, the stench is unbearable.
A few times I'd forget to change it (I change it, my husband takes it out to the trash) and if a FULL bag of stinky diapers is left for more than a few days, it does begin to smell, but ANY diaper pail would stink if it was full for more than a few days.
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
I do have one word of caution: Make sure there are absolutley no diaper tape edges hanging loose when you flip the cylinder.
I found that to be a joke since I got this as a gift for my shower (no receipt) and the repair would take six weeks (how I'll never know why).
Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
Save yourself aggravation and make sure everything that goes down is bundled up neatly.My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road.My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
Just to play it safe though, I make sure to empty it every day and a half to two days or so (you could probaby go longer), and I spray it with Lysol as well.
Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.
Its nice to be able to use regular garbage bags and not having to buy expensive diaper disposal system specific bags.No bad odors and not expensive to buy or maintain---I definitely recommend this product!You can't put poopie diapers in this pail, it doesn't hold the smell back at all.
It serves it's purpose, but I'm not thrilled with it.This diaper pail is great and even better that you don't have to worry about running out of bags.
My baby is breast fed so the smell isn't as bad as formula fed babies but our room smells fresh and clean.
I like not having to buy expensive bags especially with all the other costs a baby brings, and it does keep the smell out which is what it's supposed to do.We are 1st time parents &amp; I read all the reviews on diaper-disposal products.
What sold me on it is that the Champ uses ordinary garbage bags, nothing proprietary.
If we changed it every couple of days, there would probably not be an issue.
When we smell something, we change the bag; problem solved.
My only *real* problem with it is that, now that my son is walking, he likes to put things into the hole and turn the handle to watch them disappear.
She constantly complained about it so I opted to try the Diaper Champ.
Boy am I glad!
It is so easy to use especially since you can use regular trashbags vs. genie refills and the diaper is gone w/ a flip of a handle!!
I don't know how some people can complain about smells coming from this thing...it's sealed up like Ft. Knox.
You never see the inside of the pail until you empty it.
The canister pushes the diaper into the trashbag, thus never allowing odors to escape through the pail.
I would have to say the only way you may have an odor problem is if you never empty it!!!!!!!!!
This one is great because it is so easy to use, I never smell any odor, and it uses normal trash bags!
The only small problem I've noticed is that it stops working before the pail is full because it stacks the diapers through a narrow hole.
It holds lots of diapers and I do not have to spend money on refill bags.
I am starting to notice an oder escape from the diaper pail but it's nothing that I cannot handle.
and does not require any special bags.
Unlike other reviewers, I have not had any problems with it getting stuck.
If you change the bag regularly, you should not have any problem with odor.We like it that this diaper pail uses regular garbage bags instead of specialty diaper pail inserts/liners.
The mechanism works well to dispose of the diapers and attempt to keep the smell isolated, but at a certain level of the room (usually nose-height when you're sitting on the floor) you can still smell poo.
Big mistake!!!
Be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces.
I have figured out that it is key to keeping the stink out.I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
!I buy a box of bags at Target that I use for the kitchen and the Diaper Champ and they cost less than ten dollars for over 100 bags.My only complaint is that it is hard to get the pail open at first to change the bags, but it gets easier over time as it loosens up and you get the hang of it!If I had it to do over again, I would still buy the Diaper Champ!
Very easy to replace garbage bags, you do not have to touch anything.Got it as a gift, and was very skeptical about it at first.
That opinion changed quickly after the first night I had to wake up to change diapers.It holds about 2 days of diapers so never get a chance to stink things up.
I opted not to because of the expensive refill bags.
I'm glad I didn't buy it.
I don't smell any odors unless I open the Champ up to change the bag....which is expected when you have a bag filled with wet and soiled diapers.
I'll probably just put the wet diapers in it and take the soiled ones out to the garbage can.
I would definately recommend this diaper pail to my friends.I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
Not only can they be a pain to install, but who needs one extra thing to watch a supply of?
We've never experienced odor from the pail.
I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...Highly recommended!!!
We opted to purchase this diaper pail even though my SIL gave us her used diaper pail (the other popular pail...one that uses its own brand of bags) for free--and we are VERY glad we did.Here's what we love about this pail...*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!!
The lid is quite heavy, so you do have to be careful of your fingers when changing the bags, but that's the only concern I've had with it.
However if you keep up with the maintance that problem is easily solved.Problem:  SmellAnswer:  Baking soda & regular maintanceThe great thing about the diaper champ is you can use regular bags, and it does keep the smell out.
After some time with the Diaper Genie there was no way to stop the odor.Another thing, when the Champ starts stinking it is usaully past time to empty it.
Empty the champ at least twice a week, if not more.
You would more than likely end up emptying the pail daily and that will keep the smell out(plus regulare maintance), and it is less expensive than the Diaper Champ.There are three diaper pails out that are cheaper:Safety 1st Diaper Pail: 8 gallons it's  a bit small$9.99 at Target & Babies R UsOdorless Diaper Pail: 13 gallons bags @ Target $16.99Easy Saver Daiper Pail: 8 gallons $14.99 @ Babies R UsI have not tried any of these so I can't honestly review them.
(for diaper odors are over when the diaper goes in); and don't spend too much money to accomplish such a mundane task: make sure you get your Diaper Champ!I LOOOVE this diaper pail!
after using the diaper genie for 2 months i decided i had enough with the refils and with how much of a pain it is to use.
Just toss the diaper in the top and flip over the handle, its sooo easy!
I have to say, though, that after my daughter started solids, the odor control has not been great unless the bag is changed frequently.You cannot imagine how much money you'll save and it doesn't smell AT ALL!!!
You can use any kitchen size garbage bags without a problem and use it for A WEEK without having to change the bag.
!I hate the Diaper Genie so I was excited to try this Diaper Champ out and I have to say I love it.
His diapers have definately changed in odor but I have not noticed any odor coming from the Diaper Champ.Usually we change the bag about once a week, every garbage day so no dirty diapers are sitting in there for longer than a week.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
I second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.
The latch isn't terribly difficult, and I wouldn't want it to be too easy since it sits in my son's room.This is one of the items that I absolutely love, something I'd rather not live without.
I am very impressed with how easy it is to change the bag and I have not had any problems with smells.
It holds a ton of daipers, and the smell is not bad at all.
But diapers with pee only do not smell at all.
The only bad thing is you need to ensure you dont get #2 on the shute or if you do it will stick there.
We have had no problems with odor at all as some other reviewers have complained of.
Once it's sealed shut, no stench whatsoever.
Our baby's room never smells!
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
We hated that thing!
The bags never fit right and then it never spun right.
And after about two months it just sat there in the corner of her room and was never used.As she entered into toddlerhood we started having some bad diapers just becasue of her cutting teeth and diet changes.
Just flip the handle and the diaper is gone!Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
I thought..."Maybe I could try the Diaper Champ since I won't have to purchase any liners"...Well that was a HUGE mistake!!
It was such a pain to use.
We all hated it.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
The seal did come out, but it does not affect the odor.
Sometimes if we have a very "messy diaper" we just take it directly to the garage.
I find it pretty hard to open it without breaking a nail and it does get fill up much more quickly than the Decor.
Only problem...it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
I just knew all along what products I would not use, but was undecided on the actual one I wanted.
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
Everyone I knew had the Diaper Genie but had to buy expensive refills and did not like all the twisting involved.
After reading reviews of the Diaper Champ, I put it on my baby registry and I am glad I did.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
Also, be sure the tabs on soiled diapers are secured to the diaper or they will get stuck up under the cylinder on the way down.I would definitely recommend choosing the Diaper Champ over the Diaper Genie, since you can use regular kitchen trash bags instead of expensive Genie refills.
Definitely reduces the odor (just be prepared for the awful smell when you open the top to change the bag!!!)
I did have some problems with the odor, but I think anything you put poop in and let sit for days will have odor so that's inevitable!
My sister had the Diaper Genie, which is tough to use and too small.
We ended up receiving ours as a hand-me-down, and I was worried that it would smell.
And sure enough, the lid would start "sticking" right about that time, which told me that the bag was full and it was time to change it (instead of struggling to stuff another couple diapers in).
Piece of cake.I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.
Once in a great while it will stink a bit but only when I used too big of a bag and have a LOT of diapers in there.
Great buy!The flip action is so easy to use that even your toddler (or your foot) can do it to make diapers and smell disapper.
(Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
I heard the diaper genie was a huge mess, so I did not even attempt to buy it.
Get this and limit those trips out to the trash!It does contain most of the odors but not all.
It is however a huge hassle to open so beware if you value your manicures.
My only complaint is that it could be a little bigger to hold a bit more.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
The problem is if the diaper bag gets too full it makes it really hard to pull out the diapers.Pros:- cheaper than alternatives- worked great the first 6 months- was able to use normal garbage bagsCons:- smells after 6 months- bad tapered design makes it hard to remove diapersAfter reading the glowing reviews here and receiving a positive one from a friend, we decided to replace a broken Diaper Genie (lid broke off) with the Champ.
Putting diapers and messy wipes into the slot and dumping them in the bucket leaves the slot a germy mess.
And I fear our toddler getting anywhere near the thing because of the germs.2.
It's probably not as bad with an infant, but let me tell you, opening the lid to empty toddler diapers is one frightening experience!
Since nothing seals off the individual diapers, it's just a sea of messy diapers in there.
But I'm not sure how this product is any better than just using a garbage can with a lid.When our second child arrives next year, we'll be going back to the Diaper Genie.
I can only imagine how bad the smell will be, once we start her on solids.
Ick.I'm wondering if fighting with the Genie and buying refills is a better option for us, as we don't have air-conditioning and it will get warm in the room this summer!I will say this though, other reviewers have complained that the bag is not completely full when the Champ seems to need a change, but I find this convenient, as I don't have to drag out an extremely heavy bag.......all I can say is the smell is horrible.....1 star.....
Don't buy anything else!I have never bought any other diaper pail, so I am not sure how it stacks up, but the Diaper Champ has proven to be a good product!
One little downfall is that it seems to fill up fast (by 3 days!
)which makes it hard to turn the cover.
I figured I'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
It's great, and very easy to use, but you do have to empty it a couple of times a week or you will get a little stink from all the rotting diapers.
It's so easy to use, my 18 mo old daughter figured out how to flip it and started doing it for fun.
She's now 2.5 and still loves to flip her training pants into the pail.I'm not sure about this one.
The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.My husband and I hated this diaper pail from the day we first began using it.
Well, messy diapers sometimes left a bit of a mess in the opening area, and it was not easy to clean.
I do not recommend this product.We have purchased this diaper pail four years ago [I was so disgusted with Diaper Genie we had at the time (not just wasting the money on the refills, but also the smell and having to push & twist was more than I wanted to deal with)].Diaper Champ was so much easier to operate!
When my daughter turned one, she started disposing of her diapers herself and she never failed!We used regular grocery bags and changed them twice a week to avoid them getting too full and/or smelly.
In 5 months I've had one instance of a terrible smell and it was just a really bad diaper - we all know those.
We haven't had a problem at all with the smell, but we do wipe it out with Clorox wipes every so often just to make sure.
No matter if there is a diaper in there or not.
It is going out I am sad to say.
My son started eating solid food and went to formula when it started stinking real bad!I love this diaper Champ.
As other reviews say the smell isnt that great when it gets full but its not that bad (I see it as a hint the bag is full and its time to change).
I also spray the inside w/ febreeze or lysol disinfectant during each change and that nips the problem in the bud.
Too costly and not efficient if you ask me!THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind:AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!)
But once I used it, it made changing the crib in the middle of the night speedy, letting baby and ME get back to sleep quicker.First off, it is soft to lay on, absorbant and waterproof.
It just has problems fitting around the big 4 corner crib rails so I am forced to attach the snaps on the regular rails instead which makes the sheet not be able to stretch to look completely flat.Today I just found another use out of it though after feeling that it was a waste to buy this.
It would have cost about the same price to buy an actual[...] rail cover so it works out.
I'm glad to have one of these, but it isn't the miracle sheet I hoped for.Here's what I like about this product: it's easy to change, and it provides a leak-proof barrier between the baby and the mattress.
Here's what I don't like: the snaps are not a great fit for my crib and sometimes come undone; one snap stopped working altogether; and the sheet wrinkles and is difficult to smooth out.All in all, the good outweighs the bad.
Put it on your registry.It's kind of weird to be putting a cover over your crib sheet (and never having to change the crib sheet), but these were a lifesaver after my daughter started leaking poop like crazy overnight.
I leave baby's cute sheets on the mattress and use this on top.Size: Both of mine shrank a tiny bit in the dryer, but it is not a problem at all.
The bottom side has a soft, waterproof plastic feel.I found the ultimate crib sheet to be much more trouble than it's worth.
I now have a drawer full of crib sheets that have never been used!
we put one on, and have the other one for an emergency.
Will let you all know, if these turn out to be a disaster.This item was great in the middle of the night when little one had an accident.
It's a pain to change the sheet each time now, but don't want my baby sleeping on a rough sheet.These should be in everyone's registry.
Just unsnap, throw in the washer and go back to bed!Soft, waterproof, love these.Really they should hand these out at the hospital.
We have two so if there is an accident - one gets replaced while the dirty one is washed.These sheets have survived numerous washes without fail.
It is definitely one of the first things that I recommend to parents and I'm glad that we will have it around for our second child.
Make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings.
also, on a side note, as cheap as these are from Amazon, I have also been able to find the same brand at TJMaxx and Marshalls for half the price.When my son was a newborn, I was able to fold it in two and placed a blanket on top to make it a little more comfortable because it is kind of scratchy.
I used one on her crib on top of a decorative sheet, another doubled over in her playpen under a practical sheet (since the playpen pad can't be easily washed), and a third to replace whichever one she soiled most recently.
I have not yet had any problems with her getting underneath it.
They may not fit around larger crib posts.
At 3am, I love not having to wrestle with the crib mattress.I recently attended a baby shower and gave this as a gift.
Great idea for a baby shower gift.UPDATE: After washing them only a few times, the snaps have been falling off so this sheet is not very sturdy.
I keep the regular crib sheet on the mattress for looks only (matches bumper and skirt) - baby never actually comes in contact with it.
The only drawback is that it only comes in white, but since it can only be seen looking INTO the crib, it not a big issue for me.These are the only sheets I have ever used in my son's crib.
I bought one regular sheet to cover the mattress, and I've never taken it off.
I can't imagine how much of a pain it would be to have to lift the crib mattress up to change sheets...this is just SO EASY snap, snap, snap and you're done!I never dry mine in the dryer.
I've never not had one on hand, with 3 total.I thought this looked wonderful in the store so I registered for a couple.
It's so easy to just snap on and not fuss with anything else.
It's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.
The first time I tried to put in on the mattress, I was fussing and swearing at it and was sweating my butt off trying to get it hooked on.
It is not intuitive at all to snap on:1) The snap bands aren't placed equidistant so you just have to guess at where they should go.2) In order to snap the opposite side you have to lean over and INTO the crib (or you have to pull it away from the wall)...3) All while trying to stick your fingers through the slats to pull the bands through and snap them.4) Once I had the bands hooked where it seemed they should...I got to the opposite end and there was NO WAY the bands were hooking--it was a few inches too short!
Since then, I've had to do it myself, and I still hate it although I am getting better.The pros?It is nicely waterproof.
When the boy spits up or his diaper leaks or he sweats a lot, it does not make it through to the mattress.
But that said, it's not like there's a lot of liquid to worry about.We haven't had any issue with the snaps not staying snapped or the baby getting underneath the sheet.Overall?We are still using this, although I am not quite sure why.
So I give it three stars, but with a warning that it's a pain to put on.at the head and foot of the sheet there are snaps that can come completely off.one elastic strap end snaps to the sheet then wraps around the crib rail and snaps back onto the sheet.
I have never had a problem with it shrinking but then I've never thrown it in the wash.I love this sheet!
I used to wrestle with matress when changing the sheets but not anymore.
)This is such a helpful product that helps keep the baby's sheets protected.
It's saved me money since it protected the crib sheet so well that I haven't bought any new crib sheet.
I am glad we only have one of these!The Ultimate Crib Sheet that we have is the style with elastic straps on each corner, one fully-removable elastic strap in the center of the short end, and two straps on each long end.
We have a Pali Wendy 4-in-1 Convertible Crib and the corner posts are quite thick, to the point where the elastic straps are not long enough to easily go around the corners.
We have the crib bumper on now despite not having used it between 1-8 months of age because she is a real mover and likes to stay on the perimeter of her crib to sleep - she was sticking limbs out between crib slats and woke up crying as a result.
In those cases we have to just strip the whole crib anyways so the Ultimate Crib Sheet is of little real utility for us.I could see this being a big time saver for parents with traditional cribs or those with babies/toddlers who often have various "accidents" in their cribs and need to frequently change a crib sheet on the fly.
However we have found that a waterproof pad under a normal crib sheet works just fine for our baby.I use this on top of my crib sheet when my crib sheet is dirty and I don't have a replacement.
I find all the snaps to be a pain in the butt.
Recent reviews all agree that the product is not soft.
I wouldn't sleep on this so will not use it for my son's crib.
As far as protecting the sheet it probably does what is says...but I'll never know since I'm returning it.This is the BEST crib sheet out there!
To my disappointment, the elastics at the corners will not fit around the wide posts of my crib.
For those of you that have Italian made cribs (I have a Baby Italia), this sheet may not work for you either.
This should come as no suprise since it is also harder to find crib bumpers that fit correctly too.
Believe me, when your little one spits up in the middle of the night and you need to change the sheet, you will be so thankfull you just have to unsnap and put a fresh one on.
I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's annoying to have to snap all of the straps prior to washing it and also because there is some shrinking that occurs after it's washed (Make sure you put it on the low setting in your dryer).
It is very waterproof!
But the waterproof barrier makes this not breathable.
Basically, whatever was touching the mattress pad could not breath and it was uncomfortable no matter what temperature adjustment we made.I will say the design configuration is very practical and a great idea.
No man-made plastics or vinyl that you have to worry about weird off-gassing chemicals.
My baby stays dry and comfortable.Our crib does not have slats at the head and foot, so we can only use 8 of the snap straps ... after only two washings, the sheet is curling up at the ends and will not lay flat.
I am nervous that it could be dangerous once my baby is moving around more in the crib; she is only 3 months, so she stays put right now.
At first I thought this product was clever, but once I got it I realized how useless it was.
The snaps make it a breeze to change, I'm so glad I don't have to take the mattress out of the crib all the time!
The waterproof backing is great not just for the diaper leaks but also for the spit-ups.
So not sure if I would spend the money again knowing this.
!I measured the crib before purchasing this, but it was not a hood fit for our standard Jenny Lind crib.
Some of the elastic snaps could not stretch far enough to snap closed, so they just hung thee.
It did not make me feel comfortable to have those straps dangling since they could have been a potential choking hazard.Seemed like a good idea, but I didn't care for it.
As far as the snaps falling off, my son had pyloric stenosis (severe vomiting requiring surgery) and I washed these 3 or 4 times a day for weeks.
Never once did I have any of the permanent snaps fall (there are two completely detachable snaps on the ends that I don't even use).
I even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommended).I bought this, put it on the crib, took one look at it, took it off, and returned it.
My daughter slept w/ us or a bassinet until she was 3 months old and by then the diaper leaks and constant spit up were behind us so I don't have to change her ordinary crib sheet that often anyway.A must have with babies.
Easy to wash and can be used anywhere, not only crib.
Remove the elastic tabs and put it on the livingroom floor for baby to play or sleep.I thought I would love this to help do quick crib changes for when a child is sick, or has an accident/leak... however it is really annoying for me to weave the elastic around the crib slats to fasten the buttons-- really doesnt save time, and since our mattress cover is waterproof I dont really need another waterproof layer.I ordered two pack.
I have washed and dried the sheet and had no problems what-so-ever.This is supposed to save time instead of changing out the sheet, but I found it took just as long to change this as it does to change the actual sheet.
You have to reach all around the crib to do (or undo) all the snaps, which is aggravating and somewhat difficult depending on the placement of your crib.
I was quite surprised by the rough texture of the top layer of the sheet.
It feels like very cheap, low thread count material, not nearly as soft as most bedsheets.
However, both problems improved substantially when we removed it and put her on a softer, normal bed sheet.Also, I agree with another poster that this could be a dangerous product, especially if your baby is older and moves around her crib a lot.
And it is waterproof underneath (unlike a certain zipper sheet, I could name), so in an emergency you don't have to worry about the mattress.
To make matters worse, I caught it and was too light-headed to lift a 20lb crib mattress.
This sheet was perfect.I have never changed the sheet on my daughter's crib.
You don't need any other mattress pad with it, either.I've had 2 of the ultimate crib sheets and been using them for 7 months now and I do not like them.
I don't hate them, but I don't like them and will never purchase them again.
That was disappointing.
The attachments for the snaps are not well made and I would not recommend this product to new moms.
This sheet also does not retain warmth well - even after throwing in the dryer and then putting on crib, it cools quickly and remains cool which may be nice in the summer but not during a winter in South Dakota...One more additional note, it does take a very long time for these sheets to dry - an extra dry cycle in the dryer.
Not sure why they went to a poorer design but I wouldn't buy another one unless they added the end snaps.These only work if you crib slats are a certain size.
Our slats are too wide and the sheet would not snap around them.
You will never go back!!
So easy to put, so easy to change, maybe not visually appealing but I go for practical not just looks.
It seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.My only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.I think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.
I just put it on top of his regular sheet (which is over a waterproof mattress pad).
The snaps can be a little tricky to remove with one hand (say when you're holding a baby), but I generally start unsnapping while he is still in the crib.Did not know about these initially when I registered for my first baby.
It's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry.
The straps don't line up properly with our crib rails, so it can never be totally attached to the crib.
We do not believe this is an issue with our crib as it is a brand new, high quality one.
This is ok, but then when we do have a late night accident and have to pull off the top sheet we always worry about the Ultimate Sheet not being strapped down properly.
I wouldn't purchase this product again or recommend it to a friend.I tried this out on my baby's standard size crib, and it fit horribly.
The straps are just not long enough to effectively go around all 4 corners.
If our baby does start to try to get under the sheet it doesn't seem like a difficult task to just add our our strap extensions.
It's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident.
It has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality.
Rarely my crazy sleeper will roll to a part of the bed thats not covered and pee but usually this pad protects the sheets and saves me from having to change all the sheets.
Turns out my daughter was sick at the time, but once I got two of these it was so easy to just move her and take this pad off to wash it instead of stripping and remaking the bed.
Have 5 of them now as we braved no diapers at night early on.I use this along with a water proof mattress pad, to minimize the number of times I have to launder EVERYthing, and it is fantastic.
It's very absorptive and easy to put on and take off.I bought this at a discounted price and that is the only reason I am not returning it.
It continually rolls up and then my son is sleep with a big crease across his chest and tummy....which is not very comfortable.
I would look for something bigger and something that fits the entire bed, not just a small section.
!00% would not recommend it.We are in the process of night-time training our 4 year old.
), are comfortable and wash-up well.
Despite these complaints, I have not been able to find a pad that is even near the quality and comfort of this one.
)I got this because it used regular trash bags and you don't have to worry about a huge long twisted snaky thing unraveling when you take it to the trash.
It doesn't TOTALLY eliminate the smell and the bags are hard to change.
If this is all you can afford, it's not that bad.Excuse me,...but this product is so far from being odorless.
And yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another.
Really, diapers will stink no matter what pail you use....
When I'm changing the garbage bag the lid won't stay open and it falls hitting my hands, it's really annoying.Initially my husband and I decided not to purchase a diaper pail because we wondered what was the point, diapers stink and no matter how much money one spends on a diaper pail it's going to emit odors and smell bad.
Several of my friends disapproved of the Diaper Genie and recommended we purchase an inexpensive diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags.
It helps with odor control, but is certainly not odorless.
There are just too many diapers to not have one and an open garbage can or even a regular one is just too stinky.
It isn't very expensive to begin with.What a waste of money and more importantly my time!This thing does not work well at al!!
I actually have a very tough time getting into this.
The narrowness makes this not work for adapters or thick cords.
I had a hard time getting my thicker cords through (the surge protector and chest freezer cord).
Good buy for the price.My little guy is very active and loves to get into trouble.
We only have a couple items plugged into an outlet that isn't covered by furniture so I purchased these to make sure he couldn't pull the plug out of the wall and get shocked.
Even though I am never too far away our let him out of sight he still manages to get into things.
He is so fast and just a little distraction could be fatal.
But I don't have to worry about the plugs anymore!
One less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parents.I bought these to help baby proof my house.
They are sort of hard to get open when installing them.
Only problem is, it doesn't prevent him from pulling on the wires.
This outlet cover also did not fit one of my outlets (it would not stay flush to the wall).These outlet covers do just what they are supposed to.
I'm not at all concerned about my little ones being able to bust into them...they are hard enough for adults to disconnect!
And the price is great for a 2-pack.Unfortunately you cannot tell from the picture, but this product is not well designed.
It projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord.
Anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it.
We have had one in place that the kids have never dislodged despite two years of trying.
But they will not close over the heavy, thick cords like those for microwaves, computers, or power bars.
I ended up trimming the gap so it was larger on the backside plate and that did the trick.I think the ones I got are more than difficult enough to keep my son from opening them.
They made it much thicker than the outlet cover it replaces so for me, I need to go purchase a handful of screws.#2: Box is not big enough to accommodate ANYTHING except basic, small, two-prong plugs.
Another con is the cover is too small, that I cannot put anything other than a stand lamp in it.These work great to keep kids out of the plugs and are easy enough to remove by an adult.
I wanted to be able to thread the powerstrip's cord up into that--but this is meant for thin wires like a lamp or something-- not a thick wire.
This is for very basic wires and plugs.These are designed to cover plugs you leave plugged in, such as lamps or alarm clocks, so keep kids from pulling on the plugs/cords and damaging them or injuring themselves.
They're also very easy to install with a simple screwdriver.Many of the negative reviews here complain either it is too hard to open (which is completely the point) or that it only holds "small" (aka standard) plugs, which should be obvious from the description and picture, so they're not really being fair.I bought this thinking it was a great idea but you can't use it with any plugs that have a larger than standard plugs.
Have yet found anything to use it for.This thing works but it's very tricky getting off.
Does not fit a bulky box plug in head only standard ones like a lamp.Great to keep kids away from plugs, but it prevents me from using the plugs as well.
Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture.
I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them up.I attempted to pop this thing open for about 20 minutes then gave up.
Yes, it's childproof, but also adultproof too which is not convenient at all.
I ended up getting the Safety 1st covers because they don't have the sides that have to go into the wall, instead they protrude out.This thing is so hard to get off that neither you nor your children will ever get to your outlets again.
This is not a product you should buy if you want to use your outlets once in a while.
It took me 15 minutes to pry it open.What a pain to to remove the cover and does not fit some plug types.
Only the smallest plugs will work like lamp plugs not not thick cords like computer plugs.
You can replace computer cables with thinner, lower grade cables to get around this.I gave this product 4/5 stars for a couple reasons:Pros - mostly keeps fingers away from the plugs and sockets but only because they can't reach the sockets with little fingers, durable, hard for a child to take apart, completely kept our first son away.Cons - harder for an adult to quickly put together and take apart, doesn't keep little extremely curious fingers out of the top hole area (though they can't reach the part that would shock them), and doesn't stop our son from unplugging the cord since there is space for the cord to be pulled upward so that the plug comes out of the socket.
My 8 month old could definatly fit at least a few fingers all the way in and touch the plug in no problem because I could.
I would recommend it to anyone with young tots!I returned this product due to the several reasons:-  It is too bulky- I ended up pinching my finger while installing it ( do not want my child to do it since he will be trying to figure out how to open it)I tried to use this power strip cover for about 2 months when our twin daughters were 8-10 months old.
It was frustrating for my husband & I -- hard to get the power strip inside, hard to keep things plugged in, and too big to hide out of the babies view (not to mention that it's bulky and a bit ugly).
I enjoy how I can reach my skinny fingers into it unplug one thing and still leave it in the power strip cover but my son can still not get into it at all.
It has been great to have especially now for all the Christmas lights we have going on.this helps from letting my daughter play with the actual outlet and plug in, but she can still pull the cord out of the plug in the inside.
so it does protect her from being electified, but she can still unplug the tv lolThis cover was alright, the hole does seem a bit large and it wasn't quite long enough for our biggest power strip, but I have yet to find a cover that is, so I can't dock any stars for thatThis power strip cover is meant to be a baby-safe product, but even though I do like it and it leaves enough space for even thick cords and wide plugs, my daughter can stick her hand right down in there.
It was very difficult to figure out how to use.
The wires can bend but this is about 1 inch higher than the plugs, so if you want this to go under a piece of furniture you may want to consider whether it fits under or not.
Although the toddler will be able to reach in, he will probably not have the strength or dexterity to pull out the outlet covers while his hand movements are limited by this shell.
This, of course, would not stop him/her from turning the switch off--in our case, this means resetting the clock and being without a phone for however long it takes us to notice the deed, among other bothers.In summary: buy it only if you mean to attach it to the wall.
We intended it to use there, but are using it in our bedroom instead.My 2 year old never cared about the power cord under my computer (that powers the router), but once she discovered the entire family's reaction to pressing that red button, she sure loved sneaking down there.
Unfortunately it still draws the attention of a 9 month old baby....but nothing gets past them anyway!It is safer to just have no wires/plugs anywhere that babies can see them but if you cant this at least makes it impossible to get to outlets.This has been a life saver!
It has kept my now 18 month old son out of the plugs and safe and I could not be happier with this product!It's funny how many people have positively reviewed this.
But please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks.Product is HUGE covering.
The vendor was not a problem.This cover was enormous and I have an extra long power strip so it didn't completely cover it.
I just ended up getting a power strip with a longer cord and moving it behind a bookcase.It's a pain to get on and off and the opening for the cords is pretty wide so that my kids can still get their fingers in there to where the outlets are.
Sure, but the cover is also tall enough that it would be pretty darn hard for them to stick their fingers down into the open sockets.
Bottom line: treat this as a deterrent and not a substitute for knowing when your kid's playing with power cords.This fits a very specific style of power strip.
It was easy to install and so far my 7 month old can not get into it!Easy to use!I got this for my son's room and it would be fine except that most kid stuff has larger plugs that do not fit inside (for example for the wipes warmer).
We ended up not using it.Great option for covering your outlets from little fingers.
They cannot reach into it or access anything, (not sure what hole people are talking about), and have left it alone.
It is tall enough, but not quite long enough to secure together firmly on our extra long power strip.
Buy this from Amazon.com!I believe that this product would prevent a child from tampering with a power strip, but the plastic is quite thin and I was worried as I used it that it would break.
As I was installing it I tried to be very careful as it seemed as though the plastic was quite thin.Fits all of my cords (even my Apple cords) perfectly.
For our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together.
It's not pretty but it is effective.
Will update this is my son figures out how to take it apart.Although unfortunately for only medium sized power strips?
I couldn't get this to cover my living room power strip for my electronics because it wasn't quite long enough.
There is some space to roll up excess slack and stuff it into the cover.To bulky, not what I expected or needed.
Would not buy again.Essential if you are in the process of baby-proofing the living daylights out of your apartment/house, as I am.
This product not only makes the powerstip safe for kids, but it also allow your chords to be in a neat casing and not all over the floor.This powerstrip cover is pointless.
In an effort to avoid this scenario, I have placed the product placed far enough under my entertainment center that my child would really have to reach to get to it, so the level of concentration that it would take her to both reach for the power strip and open the cover is beyond what she is capable of doing.I am still satsified with this product despite its weakness when fully extended, however, because when I placed the bare power strip in the exact same location, my daughter had no problem both reaching for the power strip and flicking it into the off position.
It might not have the same problem with a smaller power strip because the product wouldn't need to be fully extended.These are a great idea but didn't work for me.
Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.
Although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which I find to be a SERIOUS design flaw.
From a company named Safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!This product is useless.
This one does NOT have that problem.
It is easy to install, and works in areas with tight clearance too.I was kinda exceptional when I saw it and the the adhesive pad idea wasn't  that appealing to me for your oven door, but I gotta tell, it works and it works surprisingly good ..This item won't attach to a regular stove because the adhesive won't stick to the sides.
Also, it comes unlocked too easily if you can manage to get it to stick to the oven.It's pretty hard to find a great oven lock.
This one had terrible reviews, but was the kind we needed for our new oven (a side lock).
We've been using it for 9 months, and my toddler (who is now almost 2) seems quite safe.
It was hard to attach at first because there are three pieces and with only two hands it's hard to hold all the pieces where they need to go.
I would not recommend it.My husband yanked hard enough on the oven door to pop this off.
I don't think a baby or toddler could have managed it, though.I do not reccomend this product at all!
It did not stick well, and my 11 mo old daughter popped it off the first time she pulled on the oven door!These locks took some time to install, however when you follow the instructions it goes very smoothly.
Plus, after my daughter has outgrown the need for cabinet locks I can put them in their inactive mode.
They work great and I love that you can't see them or my child can not get his fingers stuck in anything!
They took about 30 minutes to install and they are amazing!These locks just cannot be beat.
They cannot be opened at ALL by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.
You have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.
Regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.
Would recommend in a heartbeat!The instructions to put the item together are small and hard to understand.
One thing that should be changed is it says on the outside that a drill should be used but the directions says not to use a drill.
I like that it comes with paper guides so you only screww once and it is where it needs to be the first time instead of trial and error making many holes in cabinet.Even though the Tot Lok is a bit pricey, it's well worth the money.My daughter's room has a cabinet that has 2 doors with an open shelf space between them.
With this system, they can try all they want but they cannot get in.
I never have an issue opening the doors.
The only tricky part was installing them b/c if you don't drill far enough, the magents won't line up when you use the key on the other side and it won't work.
I also could not flip the red bar to disengage it.
):SCREW-MOUNTED MAGNETIC LOCKS:  The Safety 1st Tot-Lok Locks can be difficult to install, especially on drawers, but have more flexibility about where you can install the lock than the adhesive locks and seem very secure.
So a child can bang them back and forth - they might not open the door or drawer, but they will make a racket.
It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).
The adhesive ones are easy to install but I bet my son would open them in no time.I feel bad that some people have had such a poor experience with this lock.
They are a bit expensive but you will never need to buy locks again.
We have never split a cabinet and we don't think it takes that much longer to install then any other cabinet locks.
You will have to drill in you cupboard doors but your little one(s) will be protected.
I would however recommend keeping an extra key around in case one gets lost, or locked in a cabinet by accident.This is simply a great product.
They are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.NOTE - The old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made.
We attached them in several locations and half the time the product worked perfectly and I am very satisfied but for no clear reason in some cases they would not work (or would only work on one of two cabinet doors on the same item!)
So kind of unreliable.These locks are fantastic, but wow, what a pain to install.
The directions are all but useless, so it was kind of trial and error.
It's worth it for those.This was a product that I used when I worked in child care and I always liked the fact that it is &#34;invisible&#34; and is not an obvious eye-sore on your cabinets.
In my opinion, it shouldn't be this difficult to make accurate measurements to ensure that the product will work.
It might just be my cabinets, but they are not anything crazy or out of the ordinary.
Baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed.
It is cute that the manual says "do not drill through the door," hugh?
Visitors to the house found it impossible to work, because we had to have the magnet positioned just so.
They were correctly installed by my husband, but the magnet is just not strong enough to get it to open.
They are really not hard to install, I watched a video on You Tube that showed how to install them and then went and did it.I am going to recommend these to people I know.
I really think they would be great for grandparents or anyone who has young kids visiting often because you can turn them off when the kids are not there, most other child locks do not have that feature.Love these, my son can not open anything now.
Everything is totally safe in our home now because of theseI am sure we will use these in the future, but I wanted to post saying that our doctor recommended an emery board to avoid the risk of cutting the skin of a newborn because their nails are so close to it.
The blades are dull enough that they do not clip skin but sharp enough to cut sharp little nails.
I like that the grip it small enough to fit in my hand easily but not too big to make me clumsy.I love the grip, that it moves with me and keeps me stable so that I only clip nails.
If I was not in a well lit room and paying close attention, my 7 week old could have gotten seriously hurt.
If the seller needed a picture, this should have been requested in the first email, not in a second email.
I do not have time to respond to an email trail for a $3 nail clip.
However, I am so irritated with the product and the seller's response that I decided to write this review.
Great grip .These aren't bad.
It's fairly easy to see what you're about to clip and you don't need to press very hard to cut the nail.
My whole family have ten mile long limbs, which includes incredibly long fingers so having that extra knobby thing attached to the nail clippers to hold onto makes it much less scary to bring a sharp object to your babies fingers.I suggest you ALWAYS cut their nails when they're sleeping, though.
It was terrible.
I could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her.
Highly recommended.These are comfortable to hold and make it easy to cut my baby's nails without cutting them too short or struggling to hold onto the tiny clippers.We had the Summer Infant clippers first.
For those of you who know how difficult it can be to clip a baby's nails, you also know how frustrating it can be to finally get the clipper positioned right and then have it not cut.
I have a hard time grasping them and keeping them in place in my hand.
By the time they're in a firm, steady grip, my baby has wiggled away, and I have to start over.Honestly, I don't just use these for babies.
So I recommend purchasing the 49523/49539 instead.Clipping baby nails is one of the most stressful things.
It's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.
What more do you need in a pair of baby nail clippers?The losers:- Safety 1st model 49539 (has the holder for emery boards) - the grip is comfortable but the clippers are blunt and therefore useless.
The emery board is useful.- Dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.
Plus, it's not sharp and therefore worthless.- Nuby infant nail clipper - not bad in terms of sharpness, but something about the way it's designed makes it really difficult to get at the baby's nails.Search ends here, thank goodness!These nail clippers are dangerous and I threw them out a long time ago.
Thankfully it was a shallow wound which healed quickly and did not do any serious damage.
But if I knew how dangerous these clippers were I would never have used them in the first place.Instead I use baby nail scissors by same company.
I have used them for over a year and have never had any accidents.
But seriously, I hate taking my sons rectal temperature.
Super convenient!It is always difficult getting a reading from a thermometer for a sick infant.
It's getting harder for my baby to accept this "pacifier", now that she is on the larger, 6-month-plus sized pacifiers.
i was having a hard time getting frequent readings with the under-arm thermometer and i decided to give this a shot.
it helped sooth my nerves.it wasn't, however, very accurate.
I've tried this in my mouth, it isn't comfortable like regular pacifiers at all and it took so long to reach a temperature I took it out of my mouth before it was done, this was over 2 minutes so I don't even know if this thing is accurate at all.My girls were preemies and this was WAY too big for them.
My girls are currently 14 months old and love their Binky pacifiers but I've tried to get them to use this to take their temps several times and they make a face & push it right out.My girls HATE & have always hated having their temperature taken under the arm pit but they do not mind it taken rectally, it IS very easy and the most accurate.
If it shows they have a higher temp then I get them up and take their temp rectally to make sure I get the most accurate temperature.
No baby is going to keep a pacifier in his mouth long enough to actually get the temperature measured if it is not his (her) pacifier that he (she) loves and always uses.
Especially if the baby is not feeling well.
Get a real thermometer.I never wanted a tub because I was not impressed with anything I found but my sister got me this as a shower gift.
I just don't think baby is comfortable in it.
His leg was all scrunched up, his head fell to one side (unpadded, by the way), and it was hard to fit it over my bathroom sink because it's a small round thing.
Anyway, before I had the baby, I bought my husband a bath head cushion (the kind you blow up) from Target which he never used (too girly I guess).
The cushion also allows me to flip baby over so I can wash his back.
I use both tubs in the big bathtub, so leaking isn't a problem for me.
My son seems comfortable, but he prefers to have more water to splash in than this one holds.
It is very uncomfortable for my daughter.
I have to place a towel behind her head b/c the hard plastic is at such a sharp angle it's uncomfortable.
Also, there is a part where she got her foot stuck and she screamed with pain!
And the plug is waaaaay too hard to plug -  it's an enormous effort to plug it each time.I've switched to the First Years infant to toddler tub and it is way bigger, nicer, more comfortable, and it has no areas to pinch fingers or toes.This tub has proven very handy.
I admit, that was a little tricky.
However:-it does not hold a lot of water, so the water gets cool fast-the cusion is not that soft so I still have to put my hand under my babies headThe good news is:-it folds for easy storage-it has a little area for you to put the bathing items that you use such as some soap, wash cloth, or toysI bought this tub before my son was born, thinking it looked great and I could use it in the kitchen sink.
I do like that I can use it in the sink, but he's not a super long baby and his little feet always get stuck in the grooves where the tub folds!
Leaks, pinches and mildew have never been a problem.
More importantly, for some reason, there are hard plastic corners along either side of the pad where her head is.
I'm sure this helps prevent leaks, but it also prevents all water from adequately draining out.
At first he hated to take a bath and now he loves it.
I have never had a problem with it growing mold or smelling musty.
I also have a newborn to toddler tub, which is very large and I have nowhere to store it.I have never had a problem with it leaking.
And as soon as baby can sit, that is if she hasn't outgrown this small tub by then, she will not want to lay down at the angle this tub puts her at.
Save space by getting a little bigger tub that will spend more time holding your splashing baby than sitting under your sink: I have the Newborn to Toddler Tub by The First Years--my baby is a year old and I still use it (she is petite, but I'm sure anyone can get at least 6-9 months out of it.
)I used this tub after borrowing from a friend because our Four Stage Bath System was so bad it was cutting up my baby's legs.
This was okay - soft all over, no problems like we had with the four stage, however because it folds the hinges tend to leak.
I liked that it could be folded, but I never actually put it away unless we have company since I use it daily.
My daughter is very comfortable in it.
She wound up sideways in it during the entire bath and I never used it again.
I am a RN and quite used to giving baths in different settings so it is not inexperience talking here.
But considering it folds for storage, that was not a big issue.
However, that causes him to slide down the sling and it's quite hard where the sling ends, so he ends up with this red mark on his lower back.
However I could not figure out how to use the sling alone for my 1 week old infant.
But anyone with an infant knows that they kick and squirm and I found it very hard to use.
Many complain that it's too small for their sink...hello!!!
I'm so glad I did.At 3 months, my son was large for his age, but unable to sit up yet, so this tub was perfect.I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because I agree with the other comments that it is not easily collapsible to store, and it is bulky, but we simply let it dry in the bathroom overnight and store it under his crib during the day - so space turned out to not be so much of a problem.I have had no issues with the tub leaking though.
Leaks horribly, bulky - we gave up, returned it, and now we just bath with baby.
I have not had any problems with the tub leaking.
I wouldn't recommend this tub for small babies.I hate this tub!!!
I do not recommend buying this itemWe love this tub.
It was tough to pop the tub into the expanded version, but that tight fit means it won't leak.
We leave it set up in the tub when not in use so it's not really taking up any vital space.
It has never leaked, not once.Being the excited new mom I opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open!
I was shocked and then thought if I have not even used it and it does this I do not want!
No matter how hard I work it's impossible to keep this tub clean.This was terrible.
Save your money & buy the cheap $10 one that's one piece.I registered for this tub because I thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.After the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, I found this tub is not very easy to use.
It also difficult for me to expand or close the tub.The sling is not very good, either.I tried to use this tub for 3 times and returned it.
The green net comes with the tub is easy to use.Unfortunately, I am not able to find this bathtub anywhere (( My son used to have it 6-7 years ago).
It is the only one bathtub where a baby does not slip forward and doesn't go under water.
I do not understand why it is discontinued.
I do not care if it is leaking.
I did not notice that because it was used in adult bathtub.
My boys are quite big for their age, and they love to kick their legs and splash around.
I don't use the sling anymore, but it wasn't a problem when we did.I've used this tub since my baby was born 6 months ago.
I felt it did not fasten securely to the tub and there wasn't enough cushioning for his head and bottom.
But I don't think it's possible for that not to happen because he's so actively moving the whole time.
I've never had a problem with it leaking.
So I am glad to have this tub and would recommend it over all the others.70% of the time, the tub doesn't leak.
The 30% that it does leak, however, is a fiasco.
This was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week.
So i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks.
My daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase.
less $$ and easy to use.I like the fact that it's a convertible tub, and I seem to have escaped any kind of leaking problem, but the sling is a pain in the rear.
I regret not getting the kind which sling stretches across and keeps baby buoyant.
It's impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.
We had to put a large bear-shaped foam bath sponge between him and the sling to minimize the slipping, but we still had to readjust him quite frequently.
I especially like it because I don't have to worry about him slipping under the water accidentally if I look away for a second to get his towel ready or something.
We had a problem with leaking at first, too, but once we read the instructions and pushed the bottom down securely, we haven't had a problem since.I was never fond of this even with the first use.
The baby sling never stayed in place and i was constantly adjusting the sling and baby.
The first time we used it I had a hard time locking it but once I got it locked there were no problems.
It also has a removable bath ring, that she will be using when she can sit on her own.Not sure why this got bad reviews.
We used the product starting at about 8 weeks when our son outgrew the sink but was too tiny for the tub and we stuck this tub right on our countertop for months with no problem.
Well, first you can NOT use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface.
No matter how hard I pressed on the middle "locking" device water always leaked out onto the counter and floor.
You cannot let go of the baby for one second beacause they will slide.
The sides of the ramp are hard and if they move there head to quickly they could hurt themselves.
Maybe it will be more helpful as he is older and we don't need the hammock.This tub was the worst!
Talk about making your job harder than it already is!
It is more trouble than it is worth.i was surprised to read all those negative reviews regarding this tub.
granted, i never tried to fold it since those few inches don't seem to make much of a difference storagewise, so i don't know if its difficult to do.
I had a little sponge bath when he was first born...I knew it would not work for any extend about of time but it did the trick when we were waiting for his belly buttons stump to fall off.
When he out grew that I bought the Safer Bather by leachco based on reviews and I was not all that impressed... My little guy got to cold and it just was not that great.
We received the four stage bath system and it was horrible the baby just did not fit in it right.
I was resolved to washing the baby in the sink, but at 7 months that was just too hard for me to do alone; he was slippery and squirmy just wanting to play!
I am 5 months pregnant with my second and cannot wait to use the sling with the next baby.
She never cried during her baths.
Big mistake.
Bath time became a pain.
He is comfortable and there is enough water around him to keep him warm and for him to splash.
It is impossible to get folded and unfolded.
When you do get that figured out then you get to deal with the stupid sling.
But my son would just slip down and would cry because it was uncomfortable for him.
I would not recommend this bath tub.
There are other tubs with slings that are much better.this is the worst bath tub i've bought.
when i pressed it to lock the extension, i couldn't tell whether it locked or not, so then i put water to test the lock system.
My son falls asleep with his head on the edge all the time (NOT very comfortable), and when I move him away from it, he wakes up.
The panels do not fold completely flat- they do have some thickness, so don't expect this gate to fit into a tiny space.
As children get older, they will be able to climb over the walls of the gate or possibly knock it down, making it impractical as a containment device.
The gates cannot be placed in a straight line because the design of the gate diminishes its effectiveness when used in this manner.
Placed in a straight line, the gate cannot resist pressure and it will fall over with the slightest push.The only complaint I have with Superyard XT is the small space it covers.
I brushed it off when I first saw it because it seemed like another useless product with limited use, marketed solely to take our hard earned money.
But now that I own the Superyard, I cannot imagine life without this containment device.
It offers kids a place to play where they are well- protected, giving parents some much needed peace of mind.This product is a godsend!
My only complaint, and it is minor, is that the gate that opens (so you can get in the 'Superyard') is awkward and somewhat difficult to work.
It is pretty sturdy if used properly, I mean if I or any other adult were to fall on it, obviously it would collapse.
It DOES fold, but not at all compactly, and I would say that it would most-likely take up my entire mini-van trunk if I were to travel with it... so if you are looking for a compact on-the-go type of play-yard, look else-where.
I do like that you can configure it to fit an oddly-shaped play area, or even remove/add panels ((sold separately which we did not buy)) to make it larger or smaller.
My husband believes if we screw 3 hooks ((with the full hole, not the 1/2 hole) to either side of each door frame, and then attatch those strong zip-ties to the hooks and the holes in the gate, that it will work.
It gave him a bad bruise on his forehead, and worst of all a very traumatic cry of his life at 8 months.
Now that we enclosed our entertainment center along with our computer table with this gate, we not only protected him from some more bad falls, but also kept him away from other stuffs (cds/dvds, remote controls, powersurge outlet and so on) we don't want him to play with.
I say, its much cheaper too to invest on gates rather than on childproofing device with adhesives that don't actually work, and other devices that are not only childproof but adult proof as well.
When my daughter outgrew the octoganal arrangement, we just opened it up and have used it to block her from the kitchen and other dangerous areas.
She is not a climber yet, so I do NOT recommend using it in this fashion if your child is.
It never hurts to have extra, in case one breaks.
In it's four or five sided form, it's very stable, even against toddler rage!
So far it's not too much of a problem.
The whole system is pretty heavy, and not nearly as portable as they try to tell you.
We don't have a playpen so we use this inside as well when we need to make sure he stays out of harms way for a few minutes.
I read the reviews before I bought it and thought it would be tough to &quot;unravel&quot; but it wasn't bad at all.
I expect a new product not to just pop right into position, but it formed a hexagon rather easily.
He is very active and likes to jump very high, but he can not jump over the gate.
He tries to push the gate in attempt to escape but the gate does not move.
The gate is high enough so that he can not jump over.
One drawback is the gate is a little difficult to open at times in case you want to just walk in.
My baby never actually stayed in the enclosed area (absolutely hated it!)
Our baby never liked to be penned in anywhere, but we use it to gate off the "band area" of the basement.
My husband has no problem with it at all.
It is open enough that he does not feel too confined and seems quite content to play in it for a while.
I feel comfortable that my 10 month old isnt going to tip the whole thing over due to it being substantial in weight.But when it comes down to it, I dont know if I would buy it again for more than 35$.Welcome to the toddling/scootching/crawling years, where you can't ever get a break unless you have some way of keeping junior from getting away.The SuperYard is a foldable rigid-plastic fencing system for creating what we called back in the day a play pen.
It works for indoor and outdoor areas, and the optional extensions can be used to make rather large enclosures quite easily.We bought this as a replacement for the Pack-N-Play type portable play yard.
Our son, at 10 months or so, had clearly outgrown this smaller type yard, and was quite unhappy at the limiting horizons of its opaque blue walls.
Our son's now closing in on 14 months and this has been useful for that purpose.It's not 100% easy to set up and reconfigure, and there's a reason for that.
The extra difficulty with piecing the "end" sections together means it's nearly impossible for a tot to open or close this by their lonesomes.
I think some of the comments about this being unstable are either from those who are unrealistically expecting a completely rigid structure, or those who may have assembled it in a way that the shape is unstable.
I can demonstrate this by putting my full 200+ lb weight on the edge when it's open, in which case there's considerable flex, versus when it's closed in an octagon shape, in which case it barely gives and I can practically do a push-up on it.Of course the whole thing can slide -- it's made out of plastic and it's not attached to anything!
If the structure is set up in a way that it's got some sort of limiter (a wall, for instance) keeping it from moving too far, this really ought not be a problem.
The idea is for creating a play yard you can set up easily an in a variety of places, and anything that's fixed permanently is not going to serve that purpose.
It is not to create an undersupervised area, except perhaps for  a quick deposit of your tot while you go to the bathroom or answer the door, etcetera.
We use this in the room that has our computer -- despite our attempts to childproof this area, it's pretty impossible given the requirements of computer cabling.
(If you want to be extra sure, just put the kid in some shoes, which will make it impossible to use his toes to grab the lattice holes.
The fact that he can see out the SuperYard is a big help; with the old Graco PackNPlay, the opaque sides meant he couldn't see a parent even if quite close.
So while he objects to being set down alone, a little distraction with a forgotten toy and the reassurance of being able to see the parent through the "wall" usually suffices to make us both happy.This was great for helping me keep an eye on my little one while I worked.
Once she could crawl, she started crawling toward everything dangerous.
My oldest son even liked to get in with her to play so she was never &quot;lonely&quot;.I also used this outdoors a lot during summer months.
My family is big on campfires and cookouts and this was a great way to ensure her safety, yet not have her confined to a play pen!We bought this play yard when our son was 2 months old and we LOVE it!
It's a great, roomy size and not too hard to put together or take down.
So we did not get to enjoy the gates fullest potential.The Good:1.
Has options available to make it sturdy and permanent in placement.3.
If it is not bolted into the walls it is quick and easy to take down for more space verses other products such as the Playzone are pretty permantent once in place (they are just too big and bulky)All in all I gave the Superyard XT 4 stars because it has options to make it as sturdy as the more expensive ones out there, but the more expensive ones do not require screws, or holes to your home to complete the job.
Other reviews have complained that it is not sturdy or difficult to set up.
I have never had a problem and it folds up and stores easily.
!it will NOT make a regular octagon, even if you have 8 panelsthe problem is, it  only opens to certain angles, and 135 degrees is not one of themit only does 90, 120, and 150(but 120 degrees is good for a hexagon, just don;t think if you have to have any old number of panels, you can make any polygon you want, you can;t.. additionally the SQUARE, which you can make with the 90 degree angles, are not very strong and not recommended by the instructions, especially if you are thinking, i can have use 8 panels to make a square, it will be very flimsy in the middle of the straight junction.. they specifically say DO NOT do that, have 2 sides joined at a 0 degree angle.. basically a hexagon is about all it really works for.. though a 4 sided square works, it isn;t weak, it is just tiny..)so you can HAVE an 8-sided fencebut the angles will have to be half 120 and half 150 degreeswhich is more of a square, just with bent sidesnot a real regular stop-sign type octagon!
@#$plus it;s a little flimsyand (no matter what the shape is) there is no way to have an easy open/close gate, you have to either step over it or take a side apart every time [very hard]when i bought it, the store guy said ''oh what kind of dogs do you have..?
''hmALSOwhen your kids get to about 18 months or so, they can either move the sides, by walking while pushing on a side, which changes the angle  you had it set to, or just lifting it and crawling undergood for babiestoddlers, not so mucheither fix it to the floor somehow, or accept that they will escapedogs might do that tooespecially just dig under or root it up with their nose and go underwleInitially, I thought this was a great toy.
She has no injury to her actual eye, but she has a bruise below her eye now, and has been crying all night.I am done with hard plastic.
The reason I did not give it five stars is because the instruments do all sound very similar and a bit electronic sounding, but other than that not that annoying of electronic toy.I wish there was a volume adjuster because it is a little louder than I imagined and that the music would last a little longer.We bought this when our baby was sitting with support and initially she was into the soft edges to chew on and later on she found interest in hitting the cube for playing music.
This is probably the only toy she reaches for over and over, and she never seems to get tired of it.
But therein lies the problem with this toy - there is no obvious speaker hole on it.
When it arrived (with included batteries in a "try me" box), the batteries were dead.
It's not being played with at a rate that warrants having to change the batteries once or twice a week.
I hope this isn't happening to others.My daughter isn't quite a year old, and she can control this toy.
I like the choices of instruments - violin, piano, harp, flute & French horn - partly because I play three of those.It cycles through 8 songs (not all Mozart as implied by the name).
My only complain is that there are a couple of songs that get old quickly, but I guess that comes with every music making toy!
It has kept her entertained for several minutes at a time, which is a lot for my very squirmy, active little one.
I'm not even sure why, but the baby becomes obsessed with the different instruments and the sounds.
He is very fussy baby but when I played the music on this cube, he loved it.
We used it for 30 days, for about 10 min each day and the battery died down!We ordered this toy from Drugstore.com, which showed a picture of an older model, not the new "upgraded" toy.
The idea of this toy is intriguing but the actual execution of the idea is less than stellar.
The also blamed the deceptive picture they used on a glitch with the manufacturer.
I will not do business with this vendor again.My 6 month old LOVES this toy!I was thrilled when he went for it immediately in his playpen and was tap, tap, tapping the buttons - he knew the music should come from this tapping, but I had turned it off!
The music is soothing and not annoying like many other toys.
I never saw any of them properly engage with it.
It was the one toy I knew I'd never buy for my children.We got this as a baby shower gift and my son has loved it since he was about 3 months old.
It does not have a volume switch so it can be rather loud.
The children love it and it is so simple and unobtrusive.
Grandmas loves to play with it too!I don't know what the "old" magic cube is that some reviews have mentioned, and yes it's true that the instrument sounds are electronic-sounding reproductions not actual instrument sounds.
I'm so glad I got it despite the negative reviews and it doesn't bother me that the sounds aren't completely authentic.
(I'd also like to note that the violin is the worst sounding one, the other instruments sound more like the real thing in my opinion.)
How hard would it have been to have actual recordings of instruments?
I guess they don't have actual instruments in China.Buy it!
The only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it does not have a volume control button.
It is quite loud and I sometimes wish I can make it lower.My 9 month old son LOVES this toy!
It's not too loud and lights up with pretty colors.
He goes back to it time and time again but never gets tired of it.
It is actually very difficult (and maybe impossible) to remove these pieces entirely from the toy, and that presents a danger of poked eyes and scratches.
I was hoping that it would engage my boy a little more but the buttons are a little hard to press for a 1 year old and so he lost interest very rapidly.He seemed to be interested when I pressed the buttons for him but beyond that, not worth the money in my opinion.
At least not for a small baby.Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube.Nice music, interesting concept (one instrument per side).
We're never giving away this adorable musical toy.My husband, son and I all LOVE this toy.
Great buy!My niece absolutely loved this product and its not at all annoying!
At 3.5 she still loves it and she sits and plays with it along with her 9 month old brother now.I must say I'm guilty of purchasing anything that has &#34;Mozart&#34; in the name, since I love classical music and Mozart is my favorite composer.
Whenever he is fussy, I just give him the cube and he forgets his fussiness at once.
The french horn, however, is barely recognizable as a brass instrument, and doesn't have any of the beauty and timbre of sound that a real French horn does.
)4) You would like to enjoy this toy with your child, or at least not be driven crazy by it while he is playing with it.
It's been dropped dozens of times and it keeps on playing like new :o)I am so glad I read the reviews and purchased the original Embryonics one instead of the one made by Munchkin.
The sound difference is amazing.
But I can't give it to my son yet as I can't seem to get these damned wires from the packaging out of the toy.
I even took out the screws that access the battery pack (which I am quite impressed with as well), hoping to access where the wires are stuck.
There is one significant flaw in its design; this is that the volume is not adjustable and it is too loud.
I love the classical music that does not sound like your typical synthetic baby music.
However, I not only have a baby, but two toddlers.
It also seems to attract use as a step stool since it is a cube & has resulted in quite a few falls.
It just doesn't make for a very good combination.After looking for a musical toy that was not annoying, off-key or obnoxious, we discovered this.
The instruments are clearly synthesized, but still, the quality is not bad and I could listen to it for long periods of time.
I have yet to be annoyed by this toy.
My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it's a little bit loud.
Durable and practice, a must.My 6 month-old enjoys staring at the toy and listening to the music if I turn it on for him, so I probably enjoy this toy more than my child at the moment, but I'm sure that will change.
The problem for a young baby is that this toy is very dense, and the buttons require a significant amount of force to push.
The corners are also rubbery, so you don't need to worry about sharp edges.
The music choices are pretty annoying and I am not someone who gets annoyed by baby tunes.
Would buy again and again.I love that there is an off switch, and it would be very difficult for a baby to turn it on.
My baby received this as a Christmas gift, and she likes it quite a bit, hence the second star.
It's nice and quiet, too.I have read through some of the ridiculous low-star reviews and can't believe how anal people are.
It's not a minature version of the New York Symphony stuffed into a $600 Bose music player, like some people are expecting.Since this is a child's toy, I think it's serves it's purpose well.
And, in my opinion, it's an exceptional toy that will keep most children entertained which, in and of itself, is a blessing.Too loud.
Too hard.
My 6 month old has fallen headfirst onto the cube and has cut her forehead and chin and jaw on the hard(!)
The corners have sufficient covers but why not the edges between corners???
She can sometimes manage it her feet if cube is braced against other object.
No assembly required just open the box and turn it on.This music cube is a great idea, but unfortunately the sound quality is terrible.
Overall it's very tinny and hard to listen to.I was a little skeptical at first.
), and I wish it weren't quite so heavy.
It's quite popular.
All my friends with babies have it.It's a toy providing light entertainment.I'm a trained musician and I disagree with some reviews saying that the quality of the sound is poor.
I'm not scared to turn away for 30 seconds.
I know that there are no sharp edges and my baby won't hurt herself.I'm not sure this toy carries a lot of educational / developmental value but it's nice.Plays nice music that isnt to loud.
Item is smaller than I expected, but that is not a bad thing as it makes it easier for little ones to hold/carry.This toy definitely keeps my 7 month old entertained.
Though I have to say, the sound quality is just so-so, but at least there is enough sounds/songs on there that it does not repeat very often and becomes annoying, so that's all that matters.
I have to knock one star off for volume control, it is entirely too loud and as I can see this has been a complaint before I can't believe they haven't adjusted it.
There is no way to put tape over any place to quiet it down due to it's construction so we use it during loud times as opposed to &#34;quiet&#34; times.My 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter.
Unlike many other toys that make noise, this one is not annoying at all!
It was a great toy, but the battery compartment was hard to take off and put on without breaking it.
We had this problem from the start.
We've used our Munchkin version plenty but haven't yet run into this problem.I'm not sure why some other reviewers are knocking the sound quality (whether or not it's compared to the Embryonics version).
I don't find the music from this box annoying; in fact, it bothered me so little that I sought out this particular toy two years after throwing out the original, broken one.My only complaint is that I wish the box had a lower volume setting.
The older one recognizes the instruments and likes to show his younger brother what they are.Oh, and if you're like me and hesitated to buy this because it's supposedly crappy compared to the Embryonics version, fret not and just order it.
You'll be glad you did, and if you disagree, pack it back up and return it.seems simple, but both my 6 month old and 3 year old enjoy playing with this toy.
It is quite heavy for her little arms though, so she does get frustrated at times.
I do not think he gets he can turn off and on each instrument but I suppose that will come.
The only problem is that there is no volume control.
It has withstood some hard knocks.
You can very clearly tell the difference between the sound of the french horn, flute, piano, harp, and violin.
There is an easy on/off switch to conserve battery power when the cube is not in use.5.
I have read the most negative review complaining about the sound and that this cube is not as good as the original Embryonics cube.
While I have not heard that cube, I have played Mozart pieces on the piano and also have CDs of various of his works, so I am familiar with his music.
This is not the item to do that with.
Thanks to a helpful comment, I did manage to play all the tunes and felt fairly silly not reading the directions beforehand.
I'm sure he doesn't grasp the concept of it yet, but the lights and music hold his interest.I only wish it had the real drum-snare sounds also added to it.
The sounds of the instruments is artificial and tinny, but not so much so that I can't stand to hear it.
My only complaint is that it is quite loud, I wish it came with the ability to adjust the volume.
This product got great reviews so I bought it - I was not disappointed.I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old.
And, with the click of the "Orchestra" side, the song changes.So glad I bought this!Update 6/10: My son will be 12 months old this weekend and he STILL loves his Mozart Cube!Based on the myriad of reviews here, I purchased this toy when my triplets were several months old.
To be honest, they did not care for or notice it until they were closer to 8 or 9 months.
While not bad, it seems to slow down more quickly than our other battery operated toys.I bought this for our grandson for his 1st  birthday.
Hopefully when he gets older he will appreciate it more.My kids enjoy this toy, however it's a little heavy and not easy to turn because the corners are mad of rubber and are a bit sticky on our wooden floor.
If your kid is like mine, however, and likes to sit on the potty "unproductively" you might want to consider something a little more comfortable.
While your child is sitting, the fairly cheaply made cushion settles down and your child's butt is now resting on the edge of the hard plastic.
Our daughter would always get up and complain about her butt hurting.
not as padded, which means it won't rip open and harbor a bunch of bacteria.
It is light and my 18-month-old can lift and place it (albeit not always with the right fit) on the toilet seat.
), the rigid plastic base still cuts a ridge into his legs (the seat squishes all the way down).
With the seat braced to the front it's fine.
I did not bother with the splash guard, I just threw it out.
I'm not so fond of the vinyl seat, as my daughter's hiney sticks to it and is a little uncomfortable when she gets up.
I don't know if all our toilet seats are weird shaped or it's a design flaw, but I think there's way too much movement of the seat when it's on the toilet.
It is comfy padding (I presume comfy - the padding is quite thick and has some squish to it).
Other reviewers had complained that it did not fit on their toilet seats but I have three different toilets and it works on all three.
The one problem is that it does not have a splash guard.
It did not come with either of these and when I contacted the seller she claimed they were not supposed to come with the seat.
Not a problem if you are starting out - you need to be with your child - but this is a problem if your child knows how to use the potty and wants to express her independence and "do it herself".Once she is sitting with the seat in the proper place, the biggest complaint starts.
From what I've seen pee guards are needed by some kids, not by others - regardless of sex.
In short, a drippy, nasty mess that has to be cleaned every time it is used with extra laundry.
He has to sit just right in order to aim down and not get pee on the seat--I don't think the pee guard is high enough for use with boys.
She uses this every day.Really, how hard can it be to design one of these things?
This fails for two basic reasons:1) It slides backwards on the toilet seat making it unstable and hard for my daughters to sit down.
This is an enormous design flaw.2) The pee guard is basically flush with the seat, so what is its purpose other than to decrease the actual potty-business real estate?
And it's not high enough to save my baby boy from getting soaked when my daughter didn't clamp her knees shut tightly enough to prevent her pee from shooting cleanly over the guard and onto baby's head.
After sitting on the toilets for chunks of time (waiting :) he got bored so he would pull this out &#8212;not very helpful!
Were it not for this problem, this is a terrific seat and my kids both loved them.We had a seat SORT OF like this when my son was training - and lost it.
Not sure if it was the same manufacturer or not.
We never used the pee guard, it made it harder to get on the seat and it just wasn't needed - we just taught my son to point it down.Now I am training twin girls and thinking Elmo might get one of them on the potty more (one shows way more interest than the other - it's the reluctant one I want to bribe)  We have little potties with inserts that come off but most parents know the power of Elmo - I'm willing to try anything at this point, within reason.
(One of my girls likes to look down and kind of shift her stuff forward as she pees - not normally a problem, but with this in the way, it would be)  And it does not come off.
It's one of the worst designs I can imagine.
It's like I can kind of see what they were thinking but they should have thought harder.
Even if we were to have marginal success with it, I am pregnant with another boy now, and I refuse to buy something I know he won't be able to use.I am really kicking myself for not replacing my son's potty ring when we lost it, but he was doing well enough without it and I never saw it becoming a hard to find item.
And it is very difficult without a toilet seat, because she is not stable.The handles are great, toddlers use them all the time.
We have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one Kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine).
We've never had any fit problems.The problem is the design.
He loves Elmo and wants to carry this seat around but will not use it.
She isn't scared too much by that since it is lightweight, but I would think that to be terrifying for a 23 month old just starting to use a big, scary toilet.It seems comfortable enough and my daughter was willing to sit on it for about 5 minutes straight on the first try.
However, the actual product does not have one.
Because it is not like a big stuffed animal (long and thin) it was very easy for my 4 month old to hug and hold.
On amazon the price is right as well.We received this product and our little one really likes all the colors and the squeaking noise but I'm not sure where the &#34;crinkle&#34; part comes from because our product must be defective.
There isn't any crinkle but we can live without.This gate was a replacement for the crappy Swing 'N Lock.
The only problem was we have baseboards and couldn't use the template.
We did however have a lot of wall damage due to the fact that this was installed on the metal corner protectors under the drywall and a lot of the joint compound fell off due to disturbing it.
I will not fix it now since I'm sure I'll have more to fix later.
I don't agree w/ the other reviewers that said the lower rail pops out, I'm sure if it was installed WRONG.
Just make sure to measure properly and make sure things are even, level and line up and there is NO way the rail is going to pop out!
Will remember not to do that!We purchased this gate almost 2 years ago when my daughter started crawling.
Fortunately, there are no vertical bars, just horizontal, so climbing it would be a little difficult.
I think that platform was meant for extra sturdiness, but I saw it as an accident waiting to happen.
Lastly, the assembly directions did not make clear which latch receptacle to use on the top, and which on the bottom.
Of course, the aforementioned 'latch receptacle' install challenge may not even apply to you for your installation, especially if you don't have floor baseboard molding.
PLEASE, just make sure you do install it correctly (as per the instructions), and NEVER leave your baby alone unsupervised.
These gates are meant to be used WITH proper supervision, and never as a replacement for.My 18 month old cannot break this no matter how hard she tries.
We know it's not going anywhere.
A small child would not be able to do it on his or her own though.
The gate's design ensures that little climbers will not be able to get a lift.
I feel like I could even sit on that gate, and it's no going to budge.When we have guests over, they have trouble opening it, because you have to squeeze really hard, but I like that I have to squeeze really hard... it keeps my child who is now a clever 3.5 year old from being able to open it do this day.I hate this gate and quality is typical of evenflo.
If I had noticed it was evenflo, I wouuld not have wasted my time.
It was a pain to install.
The wood is so flimsy it just twist every which way.As far as function goes, when you go to unlock it, sometimes it will not unhook out of the slot.
Not sure how that came about.
With hard tile at the bottom of the stairs, a tumble would be bad.
I wanted a gate at the bottom of the stairs, but not an eyesore that was in the way all the time when not in use.We tried the soft and wide gate and another pressure-mounted gate, but those are a pain...  it takes a lot of time to get them in place securely (kids are rough and can knock or pull them down easily) and then if you want to go up the stairs once you have it in place, you have to climb over it all the time!
Not practical...What I love about this gate is that it slides right off of the hinges and stores away in the closet when not in use!
Installation was quite simple, and once the gate locks in it is quite secure.
However, the unlatching mechanism for the gate can be tricky at times.
The same problem arises when closing.
You have to make sure the two openings are aligned, or else the gate won't lock properly.
You can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.
Even 5 year olds still cannot open it.
All other baby gates become useless as soon as the kids figure out how it works.3.
Give it a try.We currently live in housing on base in Germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual.
I've found the gate to be strong and secure - it has never weakened or popped out when my son tries to stand on it.
So, if you buy it, try rubbing some wax, or something, on it to help in the beginning, because it was pretty dangerous at first.
And also be aware that little hands can still get pinched in between the actual rungs when you're opening it.
Some further negatives I found is that the latch is loud, and it's also difficult for grandma to open and close because she has arthritis in her hands.
And with it being difficult for her to do, she tries repeatedly and the noise is very loud and annoying.
The sliding movement is quite stiff and hard to do.
I'm sure with use it will loosen, or perhaps I can put some wax on there.
When we've got screaming kids and rain coming through the windows, the last thing we should have to worry about is hurting ourselves on a SAFETY gate!!
I dont' mean to beat a dead horse, but seriously, that's not good.
Every time we open the box there is a very strong unpleasant plastic smell coming from inside the box.
Not sure if it's the box it's-self or the contents.
I thought I would air it out a bit so I left the lid off over night, but when I entered the room in the morning the whole room smelled terrible from it.
The &#34;mat&#34; that it comes with is a cheesy piece of plastic and not to scale, and we rarely use it, but a great value just for all the dinos and the storage bin.Round about December 22nd, my three year old daughter started telling everyone she was asking Santa for a dinosaur for Christmas.
They are made of hard durable plastic.
But that's no reason to not buy this.Like others, we purchased thise elsewhere for MUCH less than the 60-something Amazon is currently selling it.2 stars for bad marketing & items missing.
This review is for product misrepresentation.-- Only received 1 out of 2 volcanoes.-- Image provided with the expressive boy in red shirt is completely misleading.
The real image has none of the detail.-- "Rocks" are completely useless three-sided thin pieces of grey sides, thus no bottoms and sometimes missing a side altogether.
my son learned to walk @ 1 so this did not delay him developely.
this never frustrated him and i could get a lot done because i didnt have to watch him like a hawk.my son played with this till he was a little over 2 so we got a TON of miles out of it.
She is pretty active - not walking yet - but she loves to climb.
The main reason I bought this one is, reviews on that one were mostly displeased with how hard it was to turn.
My girl spins in circles, even on the carpet and on our wood deck!Yes, it is bulky, but have you seen a walker that's not?
The only problem I have with it is... there is not a volume switch.
After that they got bored and soon started fussing to get out and roll around on the floor.Our first daughter used the walker part of it for almost a week before again getting tired of it as the fact is, something along these lines is just too tough for a little one to control by themselves.
It's too big and bulky for them to easily steer not to mention the fact that little ones often don't realize what steering is.
My only complaint is the rear wheels are difficult to roll.
Unlike the front wheels, the rear wheels are fixed and therefore can only roll straight forward or backward, not side to side.
This sometimes made for difficult maneuvering for my daughter.
Overall, it is not a bad walker and I do plan on using it for my next baby due in January only because I do not want to purchase another one.
I would not recommend it though.
The squeaker is a bit hard to press and sure you will have to do for baby...but the other toys are super!
When  I put my four month old down inside it he looked around then looked up at me and smiled, I kid you not.
The only complaint I have is that the description here on Amazon says that the play yard is 38x38.
The other bug, when squeezed, makes a sound, the third one, has rattles in its wings, and finally, the sun is a mirror (not a great one though).
It was a difficult first baby shots day and he was hurting on both legs.
It is just harder to find sheets but you can find them here at amazon.
I just wish it had wheels to move around the house.I have a standard Graco pack and play that does not have much room.
I trust the Graco name too.I have this playpen for about a month now but is still never used by my 6 month old baby.
What I do not like is that it lacks cushion.
It is hard, not soft that I'm afraid when my baby rolls over, e would hurt himself.
It has to be squeezed from both sides--so maybe if the ladybug was up against a wall the child could press the ladybug into the wall and squeak it, but that's easily solved by putting the ladybug facing out.-Mirror is up too high to be seen by a baby until the child can sit up on their own.-Once it's assembled it's not simple to move.
(But many of the wheeled playpens are so difficult to navigate that you don't move them much either.
)-It's surprising how MUCH it stands out in a regular room--so big and so brightly colorful, it is not going to blend in to most adult decor AT ALL.
The black one may not have the noise-making built-ins, I'm not sure.None of the potential drawbacks bothered me much, but they were a bit of a surprise.
It is not only a perfectly safe and controlled area in which babies can learn to play and quietly make sense of their world, but it provides great peace of mind for parents and grandparents to be able to put the baby down in a safe place while talking on the phone or doing something that does not allow for hands-on and undivided supervision.
We bought a Graco Travel Lite portacrib for my daughter when she was three months old for traveling with and while it was great when we could use it as a bassinet, as soon as we put her down in the crib section she HATED it (tough "mattress", very small - but exceptionally light &lt;20 lbs).We usually stay somewhere that has a crib, but if we took a car trip I would definitely bring this with both for sleeping and playing.I agree with the other reviewers that I wish this came with a sheet (or that Graco even made a sheet for this).
I like that because she did fall backwards once in her gym (placed on the carpet) and was very upset.
The review I read was dead on.
She has not slept in it yet since I only got it today.
The bottom is fairly quilted and I don't think she will have a problem with napping in it.
I'm sure we will be using this for a long time.Love it!
Our baby slept and played in it during our 3 day trip, I was able to move it around the house were we stayed with no problem.
The mat seems to be a little thin but a couple of blankets wrapped around it made it seem much more comfortable to sleep in it.
Because is larger than the average our baby was very comfortable and had plenty of room to move around, the downside is that it makes it a little heavy, not a big deal unless you're planning to hike mount Everest with it.
I would not recomment the "twin" playard.
She will tolerate it for about 10-15 minutes at a time, which is fine because it buys me some time where I don't have to worry about her safety.
Unfortunately, the pad is somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets (must be purchased from company other than Graco) cause the pad to be a little lumpy.
My daughter would also wake up and want to play with the toys in the middle of the night and then had a hard time going back to sleep.Although I love the size of it, it is quite awkward to move around when open since it is heavy and large.Still worthy of 4 stars since it does what is says it will do.
It packs up into a long rectangle, probably 1x1x8 feet.Pros:- Pack up or unpack in under a minute, no &#34;assembly&#34; required just set it and lock it into place like a collapsible baby stroller.- Sturdy build, child won't be able to tip it over and it would never fold on itself.- Soft but strong mesh walls that child can see through but can't stick fingers or small objects through mesh.Cons:- This is a minor complaint: the squeaker on one of the walls is impossible for a child to squeak - you have to press it from both sides of the wall because it's sewn so tightly- As a side-effect of the sturdiness it's very heavy.
The only tricky part is the release button being hidden inside the four top bars under the fabric.
Soft and hard enough at the same time.
The bottom pad is cushioned but not very much.
This is a larger playpen that would be hard to move from room to room.
There is noting about this that I do not like.
The only problem I have is that the middle kind of sinks in so unless your baby is a highly experienced sitter, it is tough for them to balance b/c it's slanted in towards the center.
But I've noticed that she does get a bit overstimulated with all the pictures on the bottom and her toys actually get lost on the mat because they blend in with it.Pros: it's easy to put together and take apart, it's relatively light, it's colorful, has built in toys, and is stable.Cons: the base of the play yard slopes inward, makes it hard for my baby to crawl and flip over and all her toys roll right into the center.
Also, it's not PVC, phthalate free.
Since the cover of it is porous and is not waterproof, I feel like the chemical can easily get in my daughter's lungs, especially since she loves to suck on fabric.
My daughter has another one, not Graco, that is half of the size.
It's the same size but quite a bit more expensive.
The representative told me it was not treated with fire retardants.
Definitely worth it to pay the extra $, knowing my children won't be exposed to harmful chemicals.I bought this last summer for my two year old when traveling.
I did put down dome padding because the mat isn't that comfortable however I would definitely recommend.Graco Tot Block with Bugs is a pack and play that features figures of bugs on each of the sides for added fun.
There is no need to worry that the toys will be lost.Besides the toys, the other reason kid's love the Graco Tot Block with Bugs is for its bright colors.
Most playpens are dark blue or dark green in color and offer nothing that is visually appealing.
This pack and play, however, offers combinations of bright yellow, green, red, and blue.
But this is only a minor inconvenience because it can still be set up with little effort.With all of the stimulation offered with this playpen, there is one possible disadvantage: It could keep your child from falling asleep.
These toys cannot be removed from the walls of the playpen so they could definitely create a distraction that could prevent some kids from falling asleep.Graco recommends this playpen for smaller kids up to approximately two years of age.
If your child is older, then you should not use this playpen because he/she might be able to climb out.
Most kids age two or under, however, will be small enough to use this playpen.
I'm worried he will eventually find a little toy like a Squinkie, or something will fall off of a counter, and he will get it.
Now that he crawls and cruises he is not content in his excersaucer for more than a couple of minutes.
To solve this problem one has to buy a covering/sheet to cover the playpen surface.
Sheets are hard to find, and expensive to purchase and ship.
It is bright, well made and sturdy but the reason I gave it 3 stars is that it has a terrible slope toward the center.
Our daughter hated the pack 'n' play we had and loved theirs so we ended up getting one too.
The bright colors can be a distraction if you intend to use it for napping.
Some of the toysrattle and crinkle, and once baby finds the party, they will not want to laydown to nap.
Sheets that fit this particular model are pricey, though, as it's not the average rectangular shape.
I do not have a child but I watch my nephew very frequently (every other weekend).
He is so comfortable that when he is done playing and tired he will put his head down to sleep.
What a pain to put together and take apart.
Sometimes all the sides did not lock and you had to start all over.
It is larger then other pack n plays so you will have a hard time finding bedding and sheets that fit it properly.This is large enough for a bigger baby which is why I bought it.
I haven't had her in here during the day but I'm sure she'll love the cartoons printed.
I bought it as a second bed for when she's at her grandma's knowing that she'll be able to fit in it for a while.I love this one..... it's bright ,comfortable, adorable ,easy to use.
The padding is not as thick feeling as the graco, but the pad itself is more water and stain proof of a material than the graco.
No dip in the middle, and I would feel a bit more comfortable with more weight in the Delta.Mesh---they both seem to have equally durable mesh.
And we love how it has more room than most that are from the stores where we live.I actually called up Graco to ask if the hard surface on the bottom was safe for a toddler to bump his head against as he's trying to walk & move around.
They should either have a more cushioned mat that comes with the pack & play or at least sell one that's optional.My son comes to work with me and I keep him in here when he's active - sleepy.
What a great buy.I purchased this square playpen for an 8 month and 18 month old (not at the same time of course).
You would think they are the same, but they are not.
I have used those strictly for naps, as they are not that stable or large enough for play.
The 18 month child seems perfectly content playing and falling asleep in it, whereas the pack n play, he hated it.
In my honest opinion, the square playpen is much better for him and safer than the portable crib, but foster services states you have to have a crib, not playard for sleeping.
I feel much more comfortable having the child in the playpen than the crib.He also likes the bright colors.
It is not something I would take along where I had to carry it very far.
We also made an extra padding cushion so it would be comfortable for our son to sleep in.
:) You will not dissapoint.I saw this playpen and thought it was adorable, bright colored, and fun.
Buy it, you won't regret it.Once my little one started crawling and the little snugabunny gym was no longer safe, my husband reminded me we got this at our baby shower.
The pad that comes with is not waterproof and even with a thick quilted cover under the sheet tinkle still leaks through to the pad so I suggest getting a plastic cover for under the sheet.
I do not like the cleaning issues.
It's large, bulky, the foam bottom is thin and not very comfy for baby to sleep on, and there is no mattress option for a pack n play this size!
I took this on a trip last weekend and put the baby in there with a blanket on the bottom so she wasn't uncomfortable.
Most other playyards are dark and the mesh is dark so your baby can't see out and therefore wants to get out asap.
I am so glad I found this playyard online!Amazing, adorable, colorful, safe, and giant!
Folds up easily and not too heavy to carry around if you want to take it.
We use it for quick corralling, not prolonged play time.
He likes the toys on the sides, and I like that it is larger than most of the play yards I've seen, granting that my experience is limited.-It goes up and down VERY easily and quickly.-It is not very heavy for the size and sturdiness.
The size is ideal as she is able to roll and move around it and play with her toys but does not take up all of the room in our small living area.
My only complaint is that although you can remove the bottom pad, the cover on it is not removeable or water proof, so there is no way to wash it and feel like it's "clean".
There are sheets for this square play yard to purchase separately, but they aren't all that cheap and sheets themselves are not waterproof.
Easy set up and seems sturdy, well constructed.Love Graco.We bought it last week and it was so easy to set up - I only looked at the help on the back of the mat once when I could not figure out why the fourth rail would not lock - turned out they do not lock if the floor is all the way back.
I read some reviews that the floor is not too even, but I did not notice it with mine.I like it for the size and all the colors.
Why oh why do they not make the fabric removable - do they not know that kids make a MESS ???
How is one supposed to remove spit-up and drool (and possibly worse!
That in itself is not so much of an issue as the fact that when it's placed inside the playpen, it 'dips' in the middle - by about 1/2in.
Although baby hasn't yet 'rolled' into the center, it's not very comforting knowing that the center is not flat.
The other ones that are rectangular and fancier did not work for us (and they were twice the price)....
Its made well, easy enough to open and close, and definitely worked out well for me.When my daughter started rolling, it was time for a little containment -- but Grandma bemoaned the fact that none of the standard play yards had as much space as the playpens of my childhood.
We have an older model pack and play and it is very hard to get the sides up and down.
I told my wife and she was more than a bit dismayed: another pack n' play she did not want.
Although the mirror is not the fanciest mirror I've ever seen, it keeps our budding narcissist fascinated for minutes at a time.3.
Though not 9' x 9', it's bigger than any pack n' play I've ever seen.
So although I don't think you need TWO pack n' plays, I'm not too sad that I made the reading error and ordered this one by mistake, because this particular pack n' play is awesome.To sum it up, if you're going to buy one pack 'n play, buy this one, because it's the clear winner.This is a great product for both Non-breastfed and breastfed (suggest use after about a month so baby is used to nursing and milk supply is established) babies.
This unique system works best for eliminating excessive air from the bottle therefore preventing excessive gas!
She doesn't get all that gas she used to get with other bottles anymore and she seems very comfortable with the nipples.
Helped a lot with our little colicky baby and they are a blessing when it comes to cleaning.
I do,however, wash the liners sometimes to re-use or I'd be in bankruptcy...Publix and Walmart and other stores have liners you can use when the Playtex gets to be too expensive!We used Playtex drop-in bottles and my son loved them.
So far we have not used the 8-oz bottles but maybe in the future.
For trying to offer a variety of nipple options, Playtex missed the mark in omitting the medium flow nipple.since my 1st child to my new grandson, I do not remember ever having a bottle be more easy on the stomach and prevent colic.Even my colicky babydid the very best when I used these.
They have reduced my son's colic and gas discomforts dramatically by reducing the amount of air he takes in while feeding.
The liners are also BPA-free although I'm not sure what kind of plastic they are manufactured from.
Unfortunately, the trial bottles that come with silicone nipples are the premium nursers, which are made from polycarbonate, a non-BPA-free plastic (this isn't necessarily a deal breaker for me because the milk never comes into contact with the polycarbonate).My 6 week old hated bottles until these came in.
It would make a great Baby Shower present!I used these with my first daughter almost 7 years ago (although they were not BPA free back then...that was before it became a big deal I guess!)...
NEVER had any problem between bottlefeeding and breastfeeding - no nipple confusion, etc.
Gas wasn't a big problem either.
However, I did not realize (being a new mom) that this was a sample kit with various nipples (one of each) for older and newer babies, teething babies, nipples that helped encourage latching of the breast and nipples that just plain resembled the breast.I actually would recommend that if you're a first time mom, register for this box and also pick out (seperately) two 4 oz bottles with 'slow-flow silicone' nipples for younger babies and two 4 oz bottles with 'slow-flow rubber' nipples for younger babies.First test the silicone on your little one and if your baby does not like it, does not latch on well or has a problem with silicone, try her on the rubber nipples.
After that, you'll know which nipples your baby will need and can purchase more *nipples* to go with the rest of the bottles in your kit.I would suggest you do not use the nipples that come with the kit at all... new babies should either be on silicone or rubber slow-flow nipples for younger babies.
!I'm so glad I chose the Playtex drop-ins system.
If you're not a complete germ phobe & not super messy while making the bottle, you rarely have to wash the bottles or rings.
My only complaint is the "leak proof" lid.
So, the "leak proof" tops are not leak proof.
I don't have a single complaint about them.
I do not use a bottle warmer.
You can't pump into these, which is a bit of a hassle, but it's not too bad.
My problem with the bottle is that the bags don't stay in.
It had gone bad.
So I learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.
Yet, both me and my baby hated it.
First off, the bottle itself is huge, which makes it uncomfortable in many ways.
I would not recommend it.Last year, in preparation to our son's arrival, we bought several leading, what I will call "bottle feeding systems" (You are not buying just bottles, but also committing yourself to the accessories specific to that brand, so they are systems).
The ones we chose to try were:-Dr. Brown's BPA Free Polypropylene Natural Flow Wide Neck Bottle-Philips AVENT BPA Free Classic Bottles- ThesePlaytex, although in concept very appealing, we did not like because due to their design/material it is hard to get out all of the milk and so some of it always gets wasted.
Also, it is very challenging to measure out exact amounts as the numbers and gradations on the dropins is hard to see.
The main problem with the Avent bottles is that if you forget to put in the little ring, the milk will leak all over your child.
With the ring in, we never had a leak.
We have never had these bottles leak.
The complaints that they are hard to wash are unfounded.
We never had an issue with just throwing them in the dishwasher.
After about nine months of use, some of the markings are slightly coming off, not a big deal.
Also, the number of parts (6 vs Avent's 5 counting the lid) is not as overwhelming as some people on here claim.There seem to be no difference in any of the above bottles when it came to reducing gas.
All of them reduced some, but not all.
But, come on, I'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes I forget, and I end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and I shouldn't have to check like that for a product I've paid for.
That's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.
Unfortunately, I've invested in Playtex bottles and Playtex nipples, so now I have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because I cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time I go to fill up a bottle.
Of the two, Playtex VentAire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding, although neither has caused the dreaded "nipple confusion."
Once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the VentAire bottle with a slow flow nipple can be flung wildly around and does not leak.
I had to empty the Advent and pour them into the Playtex.And when I first wrote my 2 star review of these bottles because I hated the repeated cost of buying liners, that was also before I realized just how FANTASTICALLY WONDERFUL it is to be able to throw away the liner.
Make sure you have plenty on hand so you don't get stuck in the middle of the night w/out any liners.
I liked the idea of not needing to wash a million bottles.
(We now do... and maybe I would have stuck with these had that not been the case).
I also have a psychotic cat that continually custom selected baby items from the dish drying rack.
I was upset.
And reading reviews, I have to say I thought people were just pushing to quickly and clearly that would never happen to me.
And I don't want it to go bad from having so much exposure to air... And if I'm pumping, I'm not feeding my child right away.
).I had no problem with the lids on these bottles.
I liked the silicone nipples because I could boil them (and now I can put them in the dishwasher).
You do not need "extra" exterior bottles.
She's down to just her night time bottle now.I bought these thinking they would be great.I was wrong.
I have the Avent bottles, Dr. Brown's, Gerber, you name it, I have a ton of them.I exclusively breatfeed my baby and everyday he gets a bottle with his medicine in it along with the bottles I pump for when we will be somewhere that's difficult to breastfeed.
In my opinion, this system is HANDS-DOWN THE BEST.Here's what I like:The liners are sterile so you can always be sure your baby is drinking out of a clean bottle.Nothing to wash but the nipple and ring.
Its so quick and easy, especially when you are in a hurry or in the middle of the night when its harder to think straight.
It comes with various nipples to try and the breastfeeding nipple works great for him.Here is the only downside:You cannot pump directly into the liners - but that is not a big deal to me.
It is also a little harder to travel with them because you have to bring the bottle, the bag, the water, and the formula all separate.
Many reviewers complained that the drop-ins don't hold a full 8 ozs.
To solve this problem, I simply stuck with the standard liners and I don't buy the Playtex brand.
These were not thick enough for me to use as a burp cloth, let alone the "premium" diaper it is touted to be.
We could not make it without these!I had these exact same burp clothes when I gave birth in 08 to my son so I figured with my second pregnancy I would buy them again big mistake they are made cheaper NOW you can see right through them I am going to have to fold them in half just so it will not go through on to my clothes I do not even think they will make it through a wash load what a disappointment they are worth maybe a dime each at best It is kinda hard to tell how thin they are unless you open the package I would suggest passing these upThis is a great value pack and so soft and thick in the center panel which also makes them great burp cloths instead of using more expensive and also narrower and thinner cloths actually marketed for the burp cloths.Good diaper cloths!
bottles for now.I have to say I have not been disappointed with this warmer, other than it should not be used with the Playtex inserts bottles (which is why it gets 4 stars) as it cannot sense the heat properly and makes them way too hot and doesn't shut off.
I was shocked at how little water it uses and thought I was reading it wrong.
Do not use more water than the directions say for your bottle size!
I honestly cannot understand how people could say they read the directions and it still didn't work, but hey that's just me.
I never had a problem with scalding my baby's mouth because I always check the milk temperature on my hand BEFORE giving it to the baby.
Otherwise great product, easy to use, easy to clean.I kept thinking I must be doing something wrong.
Another, stinking, melted bottle!
I also had a problem with my playtex ventaire bottles leaking from the bottom into the warmer.
It is faster, less messy, and lots cheaper.
It took us three tries to get the amount of water right so the bottle would be the right temperature (not too hot, not too cold).
The only problem is that the results can be unpredictable - sometimes one capful of water will do the trick just fine, sometimes the bottle feels hot but the milk inside still cold, and sometimes it just goes to town and overheats the contents.
Nonetheless, I figure any heating process will be unpredictable, so I can't fault this model.The unit comes with adapters to hold any standard 4- or 9-oz.
Every night I know I will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.Now, all I do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.While I change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and I am ready to go.
You can over heat and then you will burn yourself if your not careful.
It is not like the negative reviews if you pay attention and use the right amount of water.
The warmer is a bit of a crap shoot as far as the bottle temperatures... but it's never under-heated a bottle.
At worst some bottles come out too hot.
It does keep things cool - but it's not impressive.
It will keep things cool for up to 8 hours - but don't mistake this for being refrigerated cool.
It takes some trial and error to figure out the water requirement but that's OK.
I like how you can keep the frozen ice pack in with bottles to store and keep cool then just pour a little water into the front part to boil the water.
The directions are a little confusing with how much water to use, so i just have kind of learned how much water we need to use and just keep the bottle in there for 4-5 minutes.. you learn by trial and error.
As I rule I always test the temperature anyway so it's never been a real problem.
Make sure your lids are off or loosened when you warm the bottles (especially Dr. Brown's) or the milk will come out of the top and make breast milk caramel all over the heating element.
While you're changing your baby the bottle will warm up and be ready by the time you're done.It takes practice, at first you'll probably either overfill the water holder or not fill it enough.
You also have to be careful not to spill formula/bm on the warmer or it will get sticky and won't warm the bottle as well.
Oh and if you move the bottle more towards the front of the warmer it will warm up quicker.If you put too much water, the bottle will be too hot so if you're not sure start out with the 5-6 line and go from there.There is no nightlight and they shouldn't list it as a feature, the 'nightlight' is the button that glows orange when you press it to warm a bottle.
Do not store milk with this ice pack for more than eight hours.
The pack is fairly small and does not cool the milk for long.
Be sure to loosen your bottles cap during heating and check to see that the travel disc is not in place.
The caps are so hard to close and open you need two really strong hands and maybe multiple tools to shut or flip the tops open.
Of course, you will likely be holding your crying and squirming baby in one arm while trying to do open the cap and not spill all the water.
They tried to get fancy with the shape of the tubes and cap they forgot to make them easy to use.I just can't believe that someone can't design a better "mouse trap".To add insult to injury, the taps on the handle that are supposed to hold the top of the bottle storage compartment just broke off...(picture provided by Amazon is not the current model.
The little caps that go on them are difficult to snap on and off with one hand when you have a screaming, hungry baby in the other arm!
And it's hard to fill them up to the accurate measurement line under the faucet....basically, you constantly have to pour a little water out--Oh, wait, that was too much---fill it back up under the faucet--Oh, wait, that was too much...you see where I'm going with this.
So, the water test-tube things aren't very user friendly.The other thing is that the little basket and the container itself that the bottle goes into gets grungy pretty quickly.
of the bottle isn't quite right.
I agree the measuring water is confusing so I just check it periodically to ensure the bottle doesn't overheat.
Decided to just buy a second warmer that uses water, and to use a cooler for the bottles (our baby needed 4 anyway to get through the night)the measuring of the water is not comfortable it take more time to actually put the water at its correct measure than just boiling water in micro and using that to warm the milkI loved this product from the moment I got it.
Now All i can smell on our bottles is burnt milk from the heating plate.... Now I am not quite sure how the milk could possibly be getting onto it but it does apparently.
The instructions are basically nonexistent.
Now that I'm formula feeding, it's not necessary.I purchased this to use on the nightstand or for keeping breast milk out.
We exclusively breastfeed, so it's not like we can just put warm water in a bottle and mix it with formula.
Living in a two story house, it's not exactly fun to get up in the middle of the night, go downstairs, warm up the water, then the bottle and go back upstairs to the baby.
No matter whether you put extra water or not, the bottles still don't get warm like they should.
I use a variety of types of bottles and specifically the Dr. Browns and the First Years Breastflow bottles were overheated and thus overflowed in this warmer.
(The Advent bottles did not overflow but were so hot to the touch I couldn't take them out with my bare hands and thus was NOT going to put the bottle near my infant until it cooled down which tool 5 or more minutes.)
I would not recommend gettin this product.
First Years needs to go back to the drawing board on this one and come out with a product that actually works.So glad I bought his bottle warmer.
The on off switch never worked so we always had to plug and unplug it.
Works great!Our bed rooms are upstairs and I needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.This is the best buy for the same reason.I simply love it and couldnt live without it.I have used it every single day so far .My son is now 5months and it works great I never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not I measured the water.
I love that it has the auto-off feature (which the TT one did not have).
Overall, I love this warmer.Do not buy for glass bottles.
You will NEVER get your milk to the right temperature no matter how hard you try.
I love it.I only used this pump for the first month as I did not produced much milk but it was great when I used it.
I did find that I had to bend forward to get maximum output but it was not uncomfortable.
My husband and I traveled quite a bit with our son and I was able to pump in the car with the battery pack.
It does make noise, but it's not noisy.
After two months I found that it was harder to express breast milk using the same suction as before.
The pump was fine and working the same, even at the highest level, my breast would not fully be expressed.
This single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever.
Just don't bother trying this one.I agonized over whether to buy this cheaper pump or go straight to one of the high-end ($250+) models.
But I quickly realized I'd made a mistake -- it took *forever* to even get one ounce of milk.
I REALLY hate pumping so it is worth everything to get it done in half the time!
I got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.
However, there are times when I just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.
I wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, I am glad to have it.
It's horribly loud which can drive you nuts so I put a blanket over to drown out the noise.
My husband was actually glad when it died because then we could buy another one that's less noisy even if it meant we had to spend $200 on a new one.
It hurt like heck and did not express enough milk to relieve my engorgement.
I can pump both sides at once in less than 10 minutes and have a good-sized bottle to show for it.I'm pretty sure I first bought this pump when I had my first 6yrs ago.
I only used it a couple of times then - we never got the nursing thing to work out.
(if you want a quiter one, look at the Medela Swing, but you also pay more)  It only took only 15-20 minutes to pump what my baby could nurse in the same amount of time.I mostly used the AC adapter, but I have taken it on the road and away from home quite a few times with batteries (2 AA if I remember?)
I have never had problems with burning through batteries, they always lasted a long time, so long that I started using batteries while at home too so I wasn't stuck in one place.If I still had this laying around, I would also use it with our 3rd, who is expected in 2 mos.
I only used the electric plug, never batteries.
I never pump now since I'm home with my baby, but I am so glad I have this pump.
It's not as well designed as several of the other gates we've used.The second point is just how narrow this gate is.
I am not a large person and while I do fit through the opening I do worry that some of my larger friends may have a harder time of it.
Additionally, it won't be hard to take the gate off it's wall moorings should I need to temporarily remove the gate.
The only thing I didn't like about the gate is how hard it is to bend/configure each panel of the gate.We have a soon to be 5 month old and he is not crawling yet but we wanted to be prepared.
We especially love the fact that you can take the entire gate off when not needed and it's easy to put up and take down.
The gate is easy to open and close, but not so easy that our toddler can figure it out.I'm quite happy with the gate, although I had to spend $250 to make it fit the bottom of my stairs.
While it may be obvious to some to do that, others might not know, or might not know what size drill bit to use.
I was worried that the length would make it insecure, but it doesn't: Just be sure not to have the fence completely straight; use the nifty connection corners to alternate turns, using either angles back and forth or a serpentine pattern.
Now that it's installed, we definitely feel like the safety and convenience factors far outway the problem of drilling into our walls.
So the gate is not actually straight across.
We almost did not buy it.
We use it at the bottom of our stairs and it bows out to give you an area so that the gate is not up against the stairs.It was so easy to add the extension piece on.
We have a spiral staircase that continues for 3 floors and it was almost impossible to block off on the second level.
This gate has solved all our problems.The door does not swing closed behind you, which I like.
The entire system spans 72" and is very stable, even when my 1 year old shakes it.This gate is a great solution for difficult areas and is well worth the money.It's pricy, but very sturdy.
To open and close gate is little tricky though.
The gate has stood-up to our abuse, the elements (having been outdoors since first acquired), and the dismantling and ressembly due to a move.We've never had a problem opening or closing the gate and find the opening more than adequate.
I had to call the company after We received the wrong extension piece( wrong gate piece in extension piece's box)Oh, FYI: even after all these years, our original hearthgate doesn't show any signs of rust.We have a row home with very low banister.
The gate that that has no extensions is very durable, and easy to open, however there is a bar that goes across the bottom of the "door", and myself and my guests are always bumping bare toes on it...ouch!In the other part of my house, I have this gate with two extensions.
It's pretty sturdy, the kids shake it sometimes but it hasn't ever opened or torn from the wall.
The downside (or upside, depending on perspective) is that the gate is harder to open than the previous version.
The magnetic catch is handy for a quiet but easy close.
If you read through the manual and flip back and forth until you understand the pictures before you start, it makes the installation go pretty smoothly.2.
Since you can configure the gate to any length/angle by changing the angle of each joint, try to configure it so that you can mount each bracket to a stud in the wall, so you don't have to worry about energetic kids pulling them out.3.
She stacked pillows and climbed over the first gate I installed in that doorway.The advertising for this gate made it seem like the right purchase for me, but I was wrong!
The wall mounts are not the same as shown in the Amazon picture, which is in the middle of the panel!
This became a problem for me because I have a window ledge that is lower than the wall mount location.
If you have an irregular shaped area or room that needs a gate, I'd recommend that you look into the North States 3 in 1 Super Yard Gate.
I bought this North States Gate with a total of 6 panels (12 feet) and it did not have any of the problems I just described.
We did not like other gates where you have to balance on the top stair, with a baby in your arms, to open or close the gate.It is easy to open, but not for little ones.
My 3.5 year old still cannot open this on his own.I would buy this same gate in a heartbeat.We have been using this system for about two months now.
Be sure you install it into the studs - infants will pull up on the railing.
We do not use the heartbeat or music setting, but he seems to like the other two settings which are more 'nature oriented.'
The waves and water sound horrible and my son never liked listening to the music or the heartbeat sound.The voice activated feature is great!
- you will be glad you bought it.Our daughter can't sleep without it now :)My daughter is now 11 weeks old, and we have used this since she was born.
This is hard for me to fathom, considering that our swing runs much more, and since our daughter was born, we have NEVER had to replace the batteries!Good while it worked!
I changed batteries thinking that was the problem but the next day it stop working again.
It didn't play music and light would not turn off.
I used the sounds as background noise when she was an infant, but not all the time.
It is very dim, so it is not bright enough to realy wake up baby (or you!)
I found it worked great if my daughter was fussy in the car.
Just make sure it is placed securely on the side of the handle to prevent it from falling.I was a little woried about buying a metal crib, but because it was mutch cheeper than the wooden moddles I baught this one.
Well I would love this crib for infants and short toddlers but If you go by the age on the box you can be fooled they say this crib is for ages 0-3 I would not put a 3 year old in this crib with the wheels on it!!!!!
My 2 year old almost fell out of it ( Don't worry I knew my 2year old could get out of it if he tried so I left the wheels off and Daddy was right there and caught him) Truthfully if you have a 2 year old get him a blow up bed with ridges around it for traveling.
It is quite easy to put together and very sturdy with the wheels off but I never put them on so I wouldn't know how they are with them on.
This crib is light weight yet sturdy, nicely compliments any room, and is comfortable for our daughter for either sleep or play.
It handles easily and can roll between doorways with no problem.
We gave it only three stars because I felt the metal bars were spaced too far apart and are not baby-friendly since the standard portable crib bedding doesn't come up high enough to protect little heads from getting bumped.
I am not sure how long he will fit into it, but I love its portability and how I feel there is no rush to move my happy 2 yr old out of his crib.
I have never had a problem with this and I used it for two kids.My husband and I bought this changing table in the "cherrywood".
It wasn't hard to put together--my husband put it together in a 1/2 hr or so.
I tried to put it together and I could not figure it out!
It does not seem very sturdy at all and I would be worried putting her on it.
It was very easy for us to set up (although I think it would be quite difficult for just one person to do).
Absolutely, but you're going to pay for the difference.
The dressing table has two shelves that are quite convenient for holding supplies.
I don't see the problem with the straps either.
Washes well and never shrunk for me.
I love mine and it is softer now then first use and it is secure so she does not slide like when we tried a towel on the changing pad.Have had the same 2 since February and look like new.
Would have given this 5 stars but this is not as soft as I had hoped...maybe expecting alot from terry cloth.We haven't had any shrinkage problems, but the terry material isn't soft at all.
They don't sell just that one little piece so I had to buy the actual pump again as a part.
I can pump enough for an entire feeding in 20-25 minutes.It does occasionally lose suction when I am using it because the soft plastic massaging attachment comes loose from the hard body of the pump.
And it seems that the more I get used to the pump, the less this happens.This morning, I was even able to hold my fussing baby on one arm while pumping with my free hand.
In addition, I enjoy the convenience of not having to be "plugged in" and the reduced amount of bottles to wash.
It wasn't especially useful for the first few months because expressing was just not feasible yet without a hospital grade pump.
As a first time mother, I always knew I wanted to breastfeed my child, but it was a lot harder for me than I thought it would be.
Now that my son is older, it is harder for me to pump so much milk (the let-down takes a little longer, and he drinks less, so I do have to pump a bit), but it's so convenient if you have to go out and run an errand, or freeze your milk so that you'll always have supply on hand for the babysitter.I was hoping for more of a pad feel to make my baby's mattress softer but this is more like a waterproof cover with some quilting as an afterthought.
It never even made it into the dryer.
What a waste of money.This pad makes our 1 year old daughter's Colgate classic mattress not feel so hard, but at the same time it is thin enough and seems safe for younger babies.
I'm very glad I bought it!This was about as thick as his cozy baby blanket.
As a quilted pad to make it softer- it's useless.
My 7 month old wouldn't have even noticed a difference.
I even tried it out by placing my son's mattress on the floor and lying on it myself, his mattress still feels hard as a rock!
It is a little more expensive that other mattress pads, but in my opinion it is worth it.This fits our crib mattress tightly and keeps our baby from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
This pad is also not too bulky so it doesn't cause a safety concern.
Just make sure the pad fits TIGHTLY on YOUR crib mattress for safety's sake.
The pad itself is quite a lot thinner than I expected based on the reviews.
It might make a difference in wetness protection but I don't imagine it could make much of a difference in comfort.This mattress pad is waterproof.
I will be getting another one soon.Look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking.
Because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers, I think there must be a problem with production.
Maybe some are leaky, some are not.
They are half the cost and never leakDon't waste your money!
Well less tightening did not help.
She would not take the avent bottle.
I was not disappointed in the quality of the bottle, but I was not overly impressed.
I did not notice a change in my son's spitting up using these bottles, either.The downside of using the Avent system is that, once you commit, you're really committed - the bottles and bottle parts do not fit standard bottles and parts.
I now have a wide variety of bottles and bottle parts, and the Avent bottles sit largely unused because I cannot mix and match the parts.
dont waste your money and just go exclusivly with these.and I have still come back to them in the end as they have kept me from the dreaded nipple confusion.
And yes, I had the same problem with the nipple leaking at first.
They have never leaked with me BUT I have never screwed the lid on too tightly.
My husband and others in the family have had this problem.
My son has never had a problem going from the breast to this bottle and back to the breast again.Also, after months of frequent use, I have never experienced the leaking problem with these bottles mentioned by some other reviewers.
I have even taken the tops apart and put them back together and still no leaks.My wife chose Avent on recommendation from a friend and we glad we did.
Looks like a science lab...but baby switches easily from breast to bottle.Avent bottles are not as great as all the write ups.
My husband sometimes screws a lid on wrong and gets shaking it and formula leaks out the sides.
I have never had this problem.We wouldn't use any other type of bottle.
I would be the first to tell you if they were not fixed just right they would leak.
My son didn't have a problem latching on or anything, and his gas didn't get any worse, but his spit up became out of control!!!!
However, I never had a problem with them leaking...they are pretty good bottles!Don't bother buying these if you want your baby to take in less air.
He hate the Playtex disposables too.
First off let me say when you are sleep deprived you dont' want to be worrying if the bottle lip has a drop of water on it that will cause it to leak or if you have over tightened or under tightened.
There is no time to worry about all these little things when you have a hungry screaming baby.
The bottles are by far not cheap and there shouldn't be so many issues.
I have many friends that have said that theirs leaked as well...too bad they didn't tell me before I registered for them.
The nipple shape is horrible.
SO if you are pregnant, don't make the same mistake that I did and buy a whole load of these bottles thinking that they are the best.After trying Dr. Brown's, Playtex, and even the cheap bottles, Avent bottles have come to my rescue.
I have NEVER had a problem with the nipples clogging, even after putting them in the dishwasher a few times (I had this problem with all other nipples).My 3 month old daughter can finish a 6 oz bottle in 10 minutes instead of the 45 it took with the other bottles.
Also, I have never ever had a problem with leaking, I think many other moms who do are probably not reading the directions or using common sense.
And the nipple has a special seal that you can hear when you turn it, so that will prevent leaking.There's no extra parts to wash like Dr. Browns, and they do not give my daughter gas.
We ended up selling all the other ones to our local baby consignment shop and spent the money on more Avent bottles.They leak like mad... and although you tell yourself you must be doing something wrong because no bottle should leak this much, it's not your fault.
She was getting one bottle a day and was having no problem going back and forth from breast to bottle regularly.
The nipples are not supposed to be shaped as the breast but force the baby to latch the way they do on the breast.
I swear by these bottles ans will not change to any other bottles for her!These bottles are great.
Also, my son had no problems with colic.
Not sure if this says anyhting about the "anti-colic nipples", but whatever.Here are some of the major comments I have:LEAKING-They only leak if you don't dry them completely or put the lid on wrong.
I sterilise mine every day and there has been no fading of level markers (a problem with another make I tried.)
or discolouration of bottles.
By far, the best bottle on the market in my humble opinion.
(For those that missed the news reports - BPA is a chemical found in some plastics that a recent National Institutes of Health report indicated may be harmful, especially to infants.
We love how big these are and they are so easy for someone to mix formula in.I have had 3 children, all formula fed from birth, and we only used this brand with the 3rd child - mainly because I could not find the brand I used previously (Canon Babysafe).Yes, they are more expensive, but if you think how many times you use them and wash them ... you certainly get your money's worth.
I only have 6 and this suits us perfectly.I have not had any trouble with leaks and find they seal quite well for outings when they are in my nappy bag.My baby took the teat from birth with no problems.
The Avent bottles are also very comfortable for me to hold and easy for my baby to grip on to as well.They suit us perfectly - give them a try and see what you think.These bottles are very finicky and if you do not put them together just right they will leak... not drip... POUR out all over the floor, and if it is breast milk that is gushing out of the bottle you may just be crying too!I ended up with a full set of these bottles (without the ring) and one that required the ring (which I felt leaked less), I could never justify going out and buy all new bottles, so I dealt with these for 11 months.
I have now weaned my son off of these and onto a sippy cup because I just could not deal any longer!What's the trick?
Finally you will get it right and only then can you give the bottle to your starving child.I cannot wait to throw them all in the trash.i have zero complaints about these bottles.
this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helps!I have tried five different types of bottles and these are horrible.
Never had one problem.
My only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day.
This makes sense of course, but I had to call the 1-800 number to discover this 'little' detail.I had and hated the VENTAIR!
No more buying and changing liners (which by the way would always break even if i was being VERY careful when i "burped" the bottle...its hard enough to burp baby without trying to BURP a bottle!
I never had to burp my avent bottles.
They never leaked for me.
Well, my newborn had a hard time latching onto the nipples and when he did they were way too fast with the flow.
I now use the Playtex Ventaire bottles and he doesn't have as much of a problem.
I only have an ocassional problem with leakage when you twist it shut it seems that every 1 in 10 times it leaks.
She makes quite a mess while drinking from these.
When we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the Avent bottles.
He just couldn't get comfortable around the nipple.
We switched to Dr. Bown's and he took to it with little problem.
For expecting parents, I would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other.
Buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.I've only tried the 9oz bottles and they leak for me alot.
After trying alot of bottles the only brand I have absolutely no problem with is the Dr.Brown bottles.
Good system.The Avent bottles are great if you breastfeed, but I would caution you not to put them in your dishwasher.
I've never had a problem with any of my bottles leaking.
The bottles are also very wide and hard for little hands to grip when they begin to hold their own bottles.
It was not a small leak rather, a pouring leak that soaked their shirts.
I hate these bottles and plan to switch!!
!I bought these bottles before my daughter was born and have never regretted it.
So, when it happens I just wipe the rim of the bottle, take the nipple out of the ring, rinse the nipple and ring, and then the problem's gone.
)It's hard to believe my mom gave me bottles with little bags in side... what a pain and mess that must have been!!
We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved!
my daughter had  very bad gas.
They also did not keep my daughter from being gassy.
I love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this.
One thing that all Avent users should know...if you read the directions carefully for the pump, the makers tell you not to use anti-bacterial soap on any of their products.
The shape is handy and comfortable, the pieces easily fit together, and the bottle travels well.
The main problem across the board though is the fact that the bottles leak.
I knew from the beginning not to tighten them too hard, but even so, we have had problems.
My son HATES them.. the nipples are too hard for him and it takes him forever to get anything from them..
My son is no longer cranky from not getting enough formula.
I never had a problem with leaks however as some people said.I have been using these bottles for about 5 months now.
They do leak on occasion for me, usally when I do not have the top screwed on right.
I find that if the seal between the nipple & the bottle is not right, then you will get a leak.
My baby is mostly breastfed, and is only given a bottle occasionally, so I didn't give up on these bottles right away, just thinking that he wasn't used to the bottles and that's why he was having a tough time.
He chews on it and couldn't suck properly, the nipple seemed to hard for him.
I am sure Avent is good for some babies, but not mine, even after months of "training".
One more note, I read the other reviews that talk about leaking, I didn't have this problem at all.
I would have tried Dr Browns but it looks like their bottles have the same nipples as Avent, too hard and not good for my baby.
Occasional leaking when shaking milk around or mixing a bottle of formula.I understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type.
But if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries.
The problem with a breastfeeding mom is, they do not fit standard US breast pumps.
So basicly you have to pump into one bottle, then transfer into this one (this causes a problem for those of us who don't produce quite enough milk --- every drop that is lost in transfer is crutial).
Then you are faced with the leaking problem.
Out of the four 4 oz size bottles I own, one of them has a leaking problem, but I can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap.
My daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple, as one person reported.
I guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big handsUnlike a couple of reviews I read, the only times I've had problems with the Avent bottles leaking is when I screwed the cap on badly or had the nipple in wrong.
We were told that there may be &quot;nipple confusion&quot; if a baby goes from back and forth from breast to bottle but we haven't had a problem whatsoever.
It's not product error, it's user error.I have had these bottles with my now 2 1/2 year old and his now 4 month old little brother.
The flow is not too fast, nor is it too hard to get it to come out!
The wide-neck allows for easy cleaning too, I never spend more than 2 minutes scrubing a bottle.
Now I can be assured that she will be able to eat without me there!My baby never wanted to take them, or when he did, he looked like he was going to choke (even with the newborn nipples!
NOT fun at 3:00 in the morning when you shake up a bottle and there is milk fling around.Even worse is when you are feeding and the milk pours out on baby's face.
If you are worried about the cost of liners Target has their own brand that is about half the price.
So if you want to give these bottles a try because they do get some great reviews then just buy a few at first.We had no luck with the avent bottles but that doesn't mean they are all bad.
Making sure they are completely dry does help but does not prevent the problem entirely.
For my next baby I will not be using these.I used these bottles with my son and loved them!This bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others I tried out.
I've been using them for about 4.5 months now and I've NEVER had a problem with leaks!!!!
I have also never overtightened the bottles!!
My daughter has also never had colic!!
i had the originals and they work great too but i like the big capacity but not big size of these.
well i broke these babies out to use em last night and they are reg avent bottles with the stupid ring on the inside that makes it not leak(something not needed in the other bottle)the plastic used is also completely different.
it isnt the hard clear plastic that doesnt cloud or stain, it is the dull non see through plastic that feels pliable.
As for the leaking issue, it is Not the bottle, it's the user!Bottle use de-mystified: you MUST  make sure that the top of the bottle and its threads are DRY and the flange of the nipple on the inside is dry as well.....then when you tightly screw on the cap it should make a soft squeak sound that perfects the seal.
The slow-flow is not slow enough for a baby who is accustomed to breast feeding and having to work at gettimg milk out.
Our baby hated the bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.
The nipples, on the Avent, are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on.
The rest of the time, my baby would nurse until the pressure was too great, de-latch, and air would flood into the bottle through the nursing hole.I found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck.
So, if you've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste!
The only problem is that the Tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find!
I have had no problems using these bottles, and yes I have experienced an occasional leak which I notice while I'm shaking the bottle because I have not screwed the cap on properly.
I have found them in Toys R Us, since my local Babies R Us does not carry them.
It's obvious watching my baby that he latches on similar to the way he does on the breast.The problem is that the bottles leak like crazy.
I suggest you buy or register for both (avent and dr brown)so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent, and if not, you use dr brown (at least for a while).
You will notice the difference in a few weeks.
He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast.
So wait before buying #2 & #3 nipples, because you may not need them!I bought these after trying the Dr. Brown's system (don't waste your money there.)
I bought one to make sure my baby liked it before buying more.
He took the nipple right away and did not have any nipple confusion during the time I was both nursing and giving him a bottle.
I have not had any problems with leaking.
If the nipple is screwed on correctly, not a drop comes out while I shake it to mix up milk or formula.
I have been using the bottles for seven months now and they are still in great shape.I have a friend who said her baby would not take the Avent nipples.
Since Avent bottles are not universal and can't be used with other brands of nipples and rings, you may want to keep this in mind before you spend much money on a lot of them.I think that most babies start eating more than 4 ounces during their second month, so you probably won't need many of this size.
I never had an issue with my baby falling asleep during a feeding or the flow being too fast.
And colic has never been a problem here either.I breastfeed and pump for my baby and I found that she went easily from bottle to breast as early as 2 weeks old.
The bottles however are junk.
In order to stop it is a pain.
I pull up on the nipple and roll it around clockwise to make sure it's in there right, then I use a rubber gripper and tighten the crap out of it so it won't leak.
I could not get very much with this and needless to say it was not helping.
These bottles can go from pump, to fridge/freezer, to warmer, to bottle with not problem.As for the pump, once you get used to assembling it its a breeze.
It's also VERY comfortable to use with or without the &quot;petals&quot;.
I NEVER had a problem with not pumping (or producing) enough milk.
It's comfortable, efficient, whisper quiet, and easy to clean and put together.
A must have.This is a great pump... forget about spending over $60 on something you are not sure you are going to use too much... NOT TO MENTION - now that I use this pump daily - I am still happy I did not spend the $260 for the 'Mack-daddy&quot; - this is comfortable and fast and easy to work with.My daughter was in the NICU the first day of her life, and then the special care nursery the next few days, so I had to use the hospitals electric medela dual breast pump to express milk.
i returned home and rented the medela for a month and hated it.
I get most of the milk in just a few minutes and the one hand operation is simple.Drawbacks: it can be tricky to get the suction going, but little pumps at first followed by long slow pumps will eventually get it.
It would be impossible for me to keep pumping at work if I had to take that much time out of every work day.
Let me tell you at three in the morning you dont' want to worry about that stuff.
I recommend the pump but not their bottles.
If I could, I would purchase an electric pump, because as my baby grows, I don't see how I'd be able to catch up to her growing appetite using this pump, and not spend my whole day in the bathroom pumping.
Since I am not working I wanted a hand pump rather than electric for occasional night out so I got Isis.
I thought it to be terrible!
It took me 45 minutes the first time I used Isis because I never had a let down.
I had a low milk supply and breastpumping for 1 hour for only 4ounces - this was not a joke!
Here I go with the stupid MANUEL pump... NO..
The only thing I have a problem with is the little noise it makes whenever I pump and it feels not private.
3) it's easy - not only to pump with but assembly and cleaning are a breeze.
I know a few reviews state that there are too many parts and it's hard to put together, but I can do it in 15 seconds flat  4) it's comfortable - I think any breastpump may be awkward to use at first, but compared to an electric pump I tried my nipples and breasts were much more comfortable with the ISIS pumpI think for the price, you can't beat it.
I had no problem expressing 4 ounces of milk in about 10 minutes, and it didn't hurt either--it actually felt comfortable.
I had the Evenflo electric pump for my first child--now that one was very uncomfortable--it felt like it was sucking the life out of you.
I still nursed my first child for 13 months but not exclusively--he got both breastmilk and formula.Now, I am on my 3rd child.
But I did not want to give up breastfeeding, so I purchased another one of the Avent Isis Breast Pump, because I wanted to help increase my milk supply.
I was gone for 3 days, and I did not want my milk supply to dwindle down, so this pump helped a lot.
This helped me  keep my milk supply while I was gone so when I got back, I just continued on like I was not gone.
Instead of the Avent bottles, I have started using the Playtex nurser system - which means I pump into the Avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the Playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with Avent).
This has worked fine for me, though if I were not pumping at work I would not pay the extra money to have the kit.
I actually think the Isis may have been more comfortable.
I would recommend to anyone who is considering breast feeding.I had this pump with my first child back in 2003 and I worked great for when I was at work but it was messy.
I also had probably with the pump maybe working a little TOO WELL and would stimulate my "let down" and so it was a panic to keep myself from wetting my shirt on the other breast I wasn't pumping, while I kept pumping and answered phones!
I saved this and I will use it with my next baby due in Sept. 2009.After trying a dual electric pump that was very uncomfortable for me I tried the Isis berast pump and never looked back.
I could not control the suction with the electric pump and,  however with the Isis I was able to control the pressure and was able to completely empty both breasts in less than 20 minutes total.
The cushioning made the pump very comfortable.
And my hand never got tired from manually pumping.
You just have to make sure to keep the pump perfectly upright.
Don't tilt it at all!I didn't have any problems with creaking, and if I did, I'd just take it apart and put it together and the problem was solved.I also know some had problems with the milk getting backed up and the silicone star not letting the milk flow to the container, but you just have to be sure to release the handle completely so the milk can flow out.
They said to boil the silicone parts for 10 minutes in water and 2 teaspoons of white vinegar... and viola!
I hadn't expected to have to use this until I actually went back to work, but I was hurtin bad and was so greatful I had this already.
I simply got this set to use both at home & work, and am I glad that I didn't need electric pump to express milk quickly - with ISIS, I can get 1 oz foremilk in less than a minute!
You just have to make sure that you don't turn the connecting "neck" while pumping, else you'll drop the bottle!The numerous parts are a little daunting to assemble in the beginning, but you'll be an expert in no time.
First it was a little hard, but it was only because my milk wasn't coming out at all.
practical, easy to carry, easy to store.maybe, it should come with 3 9oz bottles and 1 4oz, instead of 2 and 2; becuase babies rapidly start needing more and more...also all mags that come with these items are great, with great tips, some of them are not even included in m. stoppard's book!
very useful.i STRONGLY recommend this item!It can be difficult to get started with this pump.
DON'T freeze milk in these bottles - use a bag - they didn't seal properly and the milk went bad.This pump is comfortable, easy to use, and affordable.
I did it this way first because when I was putting it together I did not see the petal cushion.
When I later found the petal cushion, and tried it - the pump did not work as well for me.
The hospital grade electric pumps did not have cushions, so that was what I was used to anyway.My only complaint is that the star vaulve is annoying.
It took me about 4 times (4 days) to figure out  how the pump suction needs to be for myself.The other complaint I have with the pump is the parts that screw together to make the pump complete come unscrewed throughout the pump time.
It wasn't operator error - it worked, it just didn't work well, and it didn't work equally well on both breasts (one is larger).
Just what I wanted.Sticks well and comes with a bunch of additional adhesive stickers.Protects heads from sharp corners well enough.
I hated to have to cover my coffee table and have my house look baby proof(I even avoided it for a while) but after two big bumps i bought this item.Its easy to install and I like that I could cut it to the size i needed.
I've stubbed my toe one too many times on my bed leg in the dark heading to change a diaper ... put a piece on each corner, and saved several swear words as a result!They've saved the day in several spaces:- Fireplace hearth (even on uneven red brick they stick well)- Underside of dining room table edges and corners- Edges of dressers and furniture- Edges of bedpostThey include 3M adhesive that sticks very well.
My only complaint is that they provide the adhesive in strips rather than a roll.
I have a glass table and I was worried about my 1-year-old niece visiting.The corners helped a lot as did putting a tablecloth over my table.
it protected my 10 month old son from many bruises.
But they give you plenty of 3M tapes, so you can put it together again.Easy to apply, stays on, and is perfectly cushioned for protecting little heads (and also great for teething!)
That's not what it's made for.
I'm not 100% comfortable with that as it is fire retardant-treated despite being labeled non-latex and non-toxic.
For now I just wipe them down several times with hot water and dry well or try to put other more tempting teethers within reach.The instructions that came with this are terrible.
The written instructions for Step 1 say "see the diagram" and do not elaborate, making the instructions worthless.
Do not expect to get it off your furniture or to reuse these edge guards - the tape will cling to your furniture and to the guards, destroying both.In the end I was unable to install my guards properly - they attached to the furniture crookedly and then I couldn't un-stick them in order to make it right.
My daughter stood up to it and but a chunk off the day after we put it up!This is pretty simple to put in place and not too much of an eyesore as childproofing goes.
Not worried about baby's head hitting the table anymore.
Doesn't come unstuck like the crappy clear one I tried before.sticks to my wood coffee table and glass trim on tv stand.Haven't tried to take it off yet so I don't know what that's going to be like but it was def worth it.I bought thisPrince Lionheart Table Edge Guard with 4 Corners, Greyin hope of protecting my son from bumps on our coffee table.
problem was i could not find the adhesive to attach the thing to the table.
finally we put it on the table, it has just enough give to put on and off but not enough that LO will pull it off easily and huge plus for us...no damage to our pottery barn table!
Other than that it looks great and helps protect my baby from injury.I just put this up yesterday and was glad I did.
Thank god this was on so she was fine!Not sure how it would work on a walking/running baby into corners/edges.
But at the same time, I fear my daughter would figure out that she can pull it off.I'll see how that goes but so far I'm content with this.Cutting the roll itself seems a bit annoying.
I'm not wild about the brown color, but this is a case where the safety and thick soft material outweighs my aesthetic sense.
We started with just corners and found we missed a lot of other dangerous areas, including a knee-high tall toy chest with thick drawers.
Its very dense foam, so if you press down pretty hard you still wont feel sharp edge.
Good product.People seem to have unrealistic expectations of products sometimes.
They want it to stick like crazy YET not hurt their furniture.
I bought this to try to cover some of the worst corners.
The padding should be sufficient to stop minor bumps and bruises.
I'm satisfied for the moment...I'll update if that changes.I deducted a star because I ordered beige and got chocolate...not worth the hassle to return it.
However, our son just started pulling  the trim  off so we  have  had to replace the adhesive a few times.
I can't believe how awful my table looks.I needed a solution for a sharp tile step down into my living room- every time I stepped down I envisioned my baby cracking her skull on that :( I was hesitant to buy this, though,  because I was skeptical that it would stick and chocolate seemed like the wrong color to match my tile.
Not great against some sort of reddish brown wood, but miles ahead of the hideous Safety 1st Expandable Table Edge Bumper.
They are certainly installed firmly enough that my toddler daughter will not be able to pull them off, and that was the whole point.
The straight pieces can easily be made into corner pieces, since four corners go quickly.Other reviews have said that this product is difficult to cut, but I used a pair of ordinary scissors and didn't have any problem whatsoever.
Simply apply more double-sided tape when the adhesive breaks down.
:)  This was easy to put around our oblong coffee table and didn't leave too bad of a sticky mess when we needed to remove it.
I'm not sure if he ever really hit his head on the table but if he did, we either missed it or it didn't hurt - thanks to the bumper!Good quality but it only covers the top part of the corner so it is still dangerous for baby to get up.I purchased this for the breakfast nook around my marbel countertop.
If not I will do what some of the other posters suggested.It wasn't difficult to cut the foam to length.
It cut slightly jagged, but since I cut on the long side adjusting it wasn't a problem.
The finish product doesn't look funny or leave any gaps at all.A lot of reviews say that the stickiness of the tape isn't that great, and it isn't- but so far it's not a problem.
The guards are great because we have a fake stone fireplace so the edge is much more uneven than brick, but the guard works great.
The tape provided is not sticky enough.
The adhesive has stood up to 18 months of abuse by my toddler and pre-schooler.
There was plenty of adhesive tape for the entire length, which I know was a concern for other similar products.
My daughter has tried to peel off a part, and we just stuck it back on and it's still sticking and working just fine.Only reason why this is 3 star is its not good for protecting corner walls.
Great product, Great price!so glad we put these on when we did.
My 11 mo old daughter has bumped her head many-a-time since we put these on our tables and shelves about 3 months ago, and has not been hurt once.
They are still sticking strong too.I don't understand why they would make a product that does not fit standard corner tables!
I do wish that it came with a LOT more tape so that when it does come off I can just put it back on.Good idea but this is very cheaply made... it is not sticky enough to stay on anything... my 6 month old baby would just yank it off immediately.
I wish I never purchased this because you'd basically have to crazy glue to your furniture and there's no way I am doing that!I'm just worried for when i need to remove it!
He was not able to puncture it!I used this table edge and corner guard to edge a window in my son's playroom.
But I like this product and would use it again.I got this when musings started crawling so I would be ready when he started walking and I'm glad I did.
That was a HUGE mistake.
I suspect people who said it doesn't stick did not clean/dry the surface properly, touched the tape too much, or maybe had a textured surface.
So far it has stuck well and I feel so much better not having to worry about our little guy falling into the sharp edge.
Wasn't too crazy about the type of adhesive that comes with it, but I look at it this way....
Personally I hate this coffee table, but my husband will not get rid of it...
I like that it streches a bit, and I had plenty of adhesive left over!
I rate this product 4 stars, definitely worth the price just know that adhesive is going to be a consern when I remove the product!We use this on the bottom edge of our coffee table because the baby loves to crawl underneath and then he hits his head on the way out.
Has saved my son from some nasty bumps and bruises many times.
They come with 3M adhesive tape and attach securely.
I know she will fall and bump her head from time to time but I think this could help prevent a serious accident.
It makes a bend so I needed these strips to stick to metal on a step and not come off when we hit the edges or my son slides down on his rear.
*FOR A CHEAPER but not so pretty ALTERNATIVE:  Head to your local home improvement store and get pipe covers/insulation which are foam and come in varied sizes.
It has worked out nicely and did not have any problem w/ the double sided sticky.
When the package arrived the length of edging was 7'6", not 12' as advertised.
That means I was completely short and could not complete my project.
My only complaint is that the corners don't stay on and that's where we need it the most!My only big gripe is that they are stingy on the adhesive you can just get all your edge guard on with the adhesive.
But once on it wont come off easily even by a prying little hand it take quite a effort.If you use the adhesive on the edge of the guard that makes sure kids cant take of easily.
I expected to have to use some Goo-Be-Gone to get off the adhesive but this actually destroyed the table.
If you have a large surface to cover, like a table corner, make sure that you cut the strip in half.
It has given me more peace of mind to let him walk without worrying too much.I have brown ones on my wood so it looks better.Good quality product.
We had a hard time getting it to stick to our fireplace because it has wood around the brick hearth and the corners aren't flat.
It is difficult to get them to stay adhered without putting adhesive tape on BOTH sides.
Because this item is also a bit &#34;stretchy&#34; it was tricky to measure it exactly right.
Overall, I rate this item with 2 stars because the neutral color does not attract my toddler's attention and the cushion does prevent painful head bumps.Quite simply this product does what it says.
(I suppose if you use a stronger adhesive you would run the risk of damaging the table).Only buy if you have a large top face and edge to the table with no decorative surface changes (must be completely flat to hold at all)My daughter's bed had sharp edges and she once bumped her head pretty bad and didnt want to sleep in her bed anymore.
Our daughter has already hit her head on the edge and she was not injured at all.
They're ugly, but I'm not sure how a bumper could be more attractive.
They were easy enough to install and I found that the adhesive worked fine, although I have not tried to remove it yet.So far, my 9 month old hasn't tried to pull this off.
The fragment of about 20 inches in length had to be cut off due to severe distortion.
This is often the difference between a quizzical look and a meltdown.This product comes with special double-sided sticky tape to attach the guards.
It has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.
and it stays put no problem.
seems a bit old perhaps, because when I unroll it the foam is showing stress marks from being rolled up too long, and appears to crack from being dry rot?
Well, I have had NO color fading and the shrinkage has been minimal, and certainly not to the degree others had mentioned.
Maybe that's why I havent had so much of a shrinkage problem.
Regardless, it fits the contoured pad fine still, a bit snugger but not at all too small.I would have given it 5 stars if the terrycloth they used had been a higher quality.
It makes it less messy (especially early on) and doesn't require washing as much.
The only problem I have with them is that they shrink a little when you wash them.
:)do not waste your moneyi got it and i tried with  2 strollers the same exact one but it would not work goodyou can not  move that much and its hard to make a turn......I connected two different brands, a double jeep and single (?
It's not like a SMOOTH push or anything (but it is smooth with same size/brand ones, I have another same brand single lol), but it's worth it!
Love!I like the idea of this however they do not stay connected very well.
The rubber inserts do fall out easily, so I can tell these may not last long.
They only work with one thickness of bar so they are not compatible with all strollers.
I felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing...boy, was I wrong!
The seat is comfortable for them to sit on, unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it.
No extra straps, trays, or pieces to worry about!
Also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.
Plus, the material grips on wooden chairs;  it's never budged when our active two-year-old is using it.
I don't believe that any booster seat could make such a difference in toddler behavior, so I don't hold it against this one;  I'm just surprised how many others have reported these results.
There are no straps on this seat, however, so don't expect to prop a baby inside...your child must be at least 18 months old OR old enough to sit still while eating and not topple out.My 16 month old daughter has gotten to the stage where she no longer wants to use a highchair or any of those other booster seats with the trays (ie.
The booster wipes clean very easily, sticks to the chair very well, and the seat itself is non-slip, so our daugher does not slouch and side off this seat like she did with other hard plastic boosters.
We're looking forward to using this booster for the next couple of years, and since it's so portable, we only need to buy one and just take it everywhere we go.One thing I should mention, I wouldn't buy this booster for a child who is overly active and doesn't like to sit still.
It "grips" easily to chairs and does not slide.
Definitely a must have!My 2 1/2 year olds highchair was terrible, so I threw it out on his first b-day.
This chair is great, but I dont see anything miraculous going on.PROS-* Very comfortable, my son always says everything should be like cooshie* All one solid piece of foam, bo creveces to get food stuck in* It doesnt slip due to the material, a plus for a wiggly toddler* Sits him up high enough to eat* Can be easily taken off, no straps and all that stuff* Cute color, not bright and pastely* Very light weightCONS-* Is not at all portable, I dont know about you but I wouldnt want to "travel" with something the size of a large platter everywhere!
I like it and I am glad I chose it but I dont really understand the amazing changes in children with a booster (not that I am denying the fact that those reviews are true) I just dont see how this cooshie could do it.
My son is still fussy, and will get down when he feels like it, this comfortable booster doesnt stop him.
He loves his booster and loves being a big bow v.s sitting in a highchair like his little brotherFor the older toddler, this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays.
The hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable, even when strapped around the chair.
The older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chair.We love this booster.
My daughter fell and hit her face on the corner guard and her mouth still bled, though the damage would have been much worse without the corner guard.
However, I have not attempted to take them off yet, and i'm sure a little 'Goo-Gone' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes.
I will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish, but then again you can't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury, which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner!
The adhesive wouldn't restick either.
I found the tape supplied a pain to use.
It;s not 3M just some generic stuff that is inferior.
Also, once they did start to come off, I noticed it was leaving that sticky residue behind on my coffee table.I'm not judging anyone else, but I was very surprised when I read how many people wrote about these coming off or being pulled off.
I guess my daughter never tried very hard, but they are really stuck tight.
I've had one set for about 14 months, and bought a 2nd set for another table about 8 months ago, and they're not going anywhere.
I can't speak to them hurting the finish of the wood, since I've never tried to take them off.
They don't look too bad either, since the dark color matches most of my furniture.
The are rounded corners, but not so round they can't knock a little noggin.
We have a lot of items to baby-proof, these seem very soft and durable, I am sure I will find corners that can use them.
The tape is sticking well so far and they have already protected my son's head.
Table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well.
My only concern is that there is an adhesive (that supposedly comes right off).
My one year old son tried pulling on it once and without success and never tried again.
The adhesive is strong enough and after 3 months, they are still there on all three corners.
I would recommend but of course, if your child is persistent, I am sure he/she would get it off eventually.
So far, so good.it never worked, i cleaned the surface and followed direction...failed.tried with double sided tape... failed.tried with regular tape.... failed.i think the problem is that it's not smooth again the surface on top, so it creates a little gap and easily falls off.I considered this when it was full price, 50 bucks.
I have fingernails, so the button can be a bit tricky until you get the hang of it.I am glad I decided to try this product again, but I wouldn't have paid the 50 bucks for it.
It is a crib cd player, not a house cd player.
I do not understand why it has such a low review.
*Yes the light is dim but I did not want a bright light.
*The volume does not get very loud but for what this is designed for it is fine.
I put in a lullaby CD and he drifts off to sleep.
*The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that I wish the digital readout and the buttons lite up.
It is hard to see in the dark and I do not like to turn on the light to see the buttons and digital read out.
No there is no space to move at all and it does not skip.
***This item is not top quality.
First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.
Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.
However, it did not live up to expectations.
The sound quality was awful- very, very quiet even on the highest volume setting and, even worse, extreme static.
The cd compartment is a little hard to get into and yes it is a little noisy but who in their right mind is going to change a cd while their baby is already sleeping.
It shouldn't take longer than the 20 songs or so on a regular lullaby cd to get your baby to sleep.
Therefore I never had an issue with the noise of opening the cd compartment.
It's ridiculous to have such an item for only 3 years and then have to garbage it because it's so poorly made.
This seat positively sits on the toilet, and my son is comfortable on it for even long periods of timeWe tried the soft plastic ones, and ironically he complained a lot more about those being uncomfortable than this one.
It is much less messy.
My toilet seat is the flat plastic kind so it went on with little problem.
Pretty expensive.this fits my elongated toilet which the padded cartoon character seats will not.
It was pretty bulky and messy, so we looked elsewhere.
Maybe it is our particular toilet or something, but the splashing created from sitting so close to the edge of the toilet makes quite a mess.
The urine gets on the toilet seat, between the bjorn and the seat, and on the bjorn itself- up under the edges.Honestly, I'm not really sure how the device could be improved to prevent this issue.
We have a TOTO brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the Bjorn didn't work at all on our toilet seat, but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large, it fits great anyway.
The kids say it's comfortable and it adjusts to fit the seat.
There's a handy loop at the back of the seat so that you can hang it nearby for easy storage.
The Shandle is a handle that sticks to the underside of your toilet seat with a strong, moisture-proof adhesive strip.
If the deflector were a tad higher this problem probably would go away.
The other issue is that if his "aim" isn't directed either right in the center of the deflector or right down into the bowl, the urine can splatter up under the deflector and make its way onto the toilet seat, toilet rim, and/or the back of the kid's pants if the clothing is not pushed down beyond the gap between the toilet seat and rim.No problems with #2.Don't forsee any trouble with little girl use either (daughter will use this seat in about 1 1/2 years).Despite the deflector issue - I would buy this product again there are too many other great attributes of it.
My son (22 months) has no problem sitting on it.
The shield for boys is not high enough to sit him close to the front but if I move him to the rear of the seat the stream doesn't go over the shield.
One caution: the splash guard in front will not always catch everything, especially if our son is not sitting centered and aligned with it, or if he moves around.
With this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.
It does stay in place and is very comfortable for my son.
Easy for my two year old boy to use, non-slip, and does not attach to the toilet, so you simply lift it off to use the regular seat.
My daughter prefers to have the handles (even if the seat itself is not as secure), especially when she is pooping.Happily we are way past the training.
Last but not least, the cleaning was easy, fast and comfortable from the first time on without fear of falling in because it's a perfect size.The hubs and I don't really buy a lot of special baby/kid goods.
Our two year old son drinks out of normal glasses, he eats with adult silverware, he never used a pacifier, etc etc.
It's not super hard to get that wrong.
Further, it is curved so that liquids do not hit it and splash out the sides; they flow down into the toilet as they should.
It does not slip and slide.
Had another potty seat that was 'cushioned' -&#62;  not sure why a kid needs a cushioned seat, it is not like they will be sitting reading the newspaper for ten minutes at a time - anyway, it didn't take long for the vinyl cushion to get pee and other 'gunk' stuck between the cushion and the plastic rim - and then you have to look at it each time to put it on the toilet.
You can easily hide it behind the toilet...At first, I wasn't sure if this seat would work as it doesn't have side handles and the splash guard seemed too high.
comfortable.
I have only found one toilet that it did not fit on.
We have a hook on the wall for hanging it when she's not using it.
It's very comfortable for my big/tall toddler and I feel very safe when she uses it.So easy to put on, use and take off that my two-year-old has no problem doing it by himself.
You're not going to find handles on a public toilet, so why train your kids to get used to them being there?The rubber edge allows it to grip the seat.
You put it on there and it's not going to slip.The gentle contour of the front splash guard makes it a great seat for both boys and girls to use.
It was tiring and uncomfortable holding her on the regular toilet seat, but using the toilet was effective at helping my daughter do the job she needed to do, plus I've saved several diapers this way.After reading many reviews, I decided to try the Babybjorn Toilet Trainer.
My daughter seems comfortable on it, and I don't have to use as much strength to support her on the toilet since the Babybjorn seat provides a better and more stable sitting surface without me having to worry about her little bottom sinking into the toilet.I have a very small bathroom and just recently purchased a Potty Hook from Babies R Us.
I would like to get another seat for Grandma and Papa's home, but am not sure if I want to spend the same amount of money I spent on the Babybjorn seat since my daughter will be at my home more than at her grandparents' home.Fits our toilet seat very without sliding and no space left on sides.
Does not wiggle when set correctly.
My only complaint is that for a little boy you do have to be sure to push his privates as downward as possible because the bump at the front is not that high.
Once I did not do this and had pee going everywhere.I bought one of these potties for my 18 month old and it is fantastic!
), I've already followed another reviewer's advice to pop it in a tote bag for when we're out and about- that way, he's not afraid of using the sometimes huge potties in stores!
If anyone who has had a hard time potty training their kids this will make it so much harder!
Cannot recommend these enough!!!!!
However, it's not aimed downward but instead is straight up and down.
It adjusts very easily to any bowl, is firm and steady when it attaches, pops on and off in a second.
This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more comfortable.
He didn't have to fear falling in the toilet with this.
It's ergonomically designed to allow for a comfortable set as well as preventing over shooting with the front elevated part.Don't get me wrong, our Bjorn trainer is a keeper- has a great seal, extra pee guard in the front, adjustable fit, and the handle makes for easy storage and cleanup.
I've returned 4 of them immediately after seeing how the design of the seat would not work for our son (I would have a little Bellagio Fountain spraying on my floor instead of the toilet).
For some reason she will not use the stand alone at all.
Partially it is because she is so fascinated with seeing what is going on that she leans back and the pee goes out, so it is not actually a flaw in design.
Fits all three of our toilets perfectly and very comfortable for our child.This seat has such great reviews, I didn't think I could go wrong with it.
Also, it would have been nice not having to remove the seat every time, and just flip it instead.Anyway, an overpriced item in my opinion.
So we bought this one and even if they are still too small, you don't have to worry about them falling into the toilet because of the way it's made.
My son is 11 months and he can sit on the toilet on this and we don't worry about him falling in.
It has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.You can not go wrong with this seat!
there is a rubber thing inthe back that stops you from placing it on the seat itself, you need to lift up the seat and place it on the dirty part of the rim....all b/c of that stupid rubber thing in the back.
It looks like it's made well and I hate to give a 3 star review due to my daughter's quirky view on it.
However, I'm not sure if other toddlers new to using a toilet would have similar stresses since this is all new to them.
My only complaint is that it does not secure well to the toilet itself.
And it is not easy to store in that it is wide at the top.
This is not entirely clear in the product description, so I hope this review helps others avoid the hassle of ordering and returning.This was easy enough for my toddler to put on the toilet.
i could tell my daughter was comfortable sitting on it, and it didn't scoot around at all.
So far though it hasn't gotten her to go she does seem comfortable sitting on it.
It's nice to feel comfortable that it's not going to slide around.
#3 the splash guard is not so huge & in the way.
My daughter was having such a hard time getting herself up, on & over the hump on the weePod.
And there's no putting it on wrong because the positioning is always right.
That being said, when I say hard plastic, it is not by all means uncomfortable.
It fits over my elongated toilet seat comfortable without slipping so I have no fear of it falling in when my little ones rush to the potty.
The kids love that they have their own seat that is so comfortable.
It gives me peace of mind knowing that my little ones can use it easily without fear of them slipping off of it or the seat falling into the bowl.
The same unfortunate pee situation never happens with that seat.My son prefers to use this seat instead of the small stand alone potties.
She squirms on it, and will not use it unless I am holding onto her-she starts to slip and fall in.
It fits nice and snug on top of the toilet seat with no rocking or tipping, and my son sits on it quite well with no danger of falling in or off it (he's almost 2 but he's big for his age).
I expect the guard in the front will keep things where they're supposed to go -- we haven't had a "full" event yet, but fingers crossed.Easy to install, comfortable for my son to sit on and has a very useful splash guard.
The seat blends in very well with the bathroom and can be easily hung when not in use.
It snaps into the opening of a standard flip seat of an adult toilet, allowing a small child to seat on the toilet without falling in.
The prongs that hold it in place are not very stiff, so the seat is easy to remove, even for a child.
The description says "adjusts easily and sits firmly in place"...well, it does not.
I started using this on my son when he was 9 months old - have nothing to complain about.I'm surprised by how well this is rated so I decided to add my two cents to the minority.The PROS:  Fits snugly on any seat.
We have round and elongated and it fits both no problem.
Even with the stool and me standing there it is still dangerous; they have to be lifted.
With all the worry and guilt inherant in parenting thats just a mean thing to say; and not trure.
and it easy to wash too.the pee cover should be higher though as he has to hold down his thing so as not to pee all over the toilet floor.even with that, it is still a 5 star rating!Easy to install.
the adjustable mechanism makes all the difference in the world - as long as its adjusted snugly on the toilet, no leaks, dribbles, messes!
It adjusts to fit most toilet lids- does not fit well on grandma's already contoured seat.
This is a hard, but perfectly contoured seat for a little bottom.
Since my daughter is petite she has a hard time getting high enough to just sit- she has to "shimmy" and this snug lid is very safe for her to shimmy onto with out moving.
This isn't a problem that I read in any of the reviews I perused, and the instructions on the box say to hang it on a hook.
She's 18 mo old, 21 lbs, and fit it quite well.
It is okay for something like that, but I would not use it for much else.I have a very active 2 year old who does not always want to take time to sit on the potty.
I didn't think the small one would be a problem, since  my 18-month old son is on the small side.
My son seems to like it, but he looks huge on it and it will not last for long.
Make sure never to use bleach in these, though, I ruined the bottom of one of these by letting it sit in a 50% bleach solution, it ate away the smooth bottom.We take this little potty with us everywhere.
With little ones it is so hard for them to wait, and this helps keep them potty-independent.Also, if you do infant pottying or elimination communication, this is one of the &#34;must-have&#34; pottys.
I'm not sure how other parents bridge the gap of potty-training while away from the house, but this works perfectly for us!!
The guard in front is large enough to contain pee but not too large for an infant.
You can not go wrong with this potty!To date, we have purchased 4 of these potties for our petite 14 month old daughter (upstairs, downstairs, both parents' cars), when we wanted to start to introduce toileting in a natural way.
There is no problem emptying it.
She is relaxed on this and that makes all of the difference.
It looks incredibly comfortable and my little lady is very tall for her age.
She has no problem sitting on it or using it to do her business.
I hate to say it, but Ikea perfected the "spout" design to cleanly pour out waste.
I wanted something that would be comfortable for her little bumbum but nothing that would distract her from the job at hand.
My only complaint is that the yellow one came with huge black scuff marks and scratches all over it.
I'm sure Amazon would have accepted it as a return, but what new parent has the time for that?
I was not able to find a babybjorn with the aforementioned essentials.
It is easy for a child to take the bowl out, empty it into the toilet and put the bowl back into the frame.My daughter is on the thinner side and at 18 months struggles to get comfortable in this chair.
She's not able to sit on it without falling in.
She also voiced that her bottom hurt because it was too hard.
She's only 25 lbs and is a small girl but there isn't enough seat so it's uncomfortable.
It was very ergonomical for her little frame.We used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained.
on a quick note, the green is not a bright lime green, its more of a muted lime green if that makes sense.
but thats just a learning curve of whats "yucky" and shouldnt be touched.
What she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep.
She is not a big girl but this seat is just too uncomfortable for her.
And at least our little girl finds the splash guard uncomfortable, because she has to straddle it.
I'm going to order one with a cushy seat!I chose this chair based on its reviews, and I am glad that I did!
While reasonably inexpensive and cute, the design did not work well for us.
Perhaps this feature was designed with boys in mind, but that plastic lip in the front made it difficult for my daughter to sit down comfortably.
She was a little hesitant on day 1 but now does not mind at all although I still hold on to her.
The boy shield is not too high and is rounded nicely so they won't hurt themselves while getting on.
It also looks comfortable with the arm rests.
All I have to do is watch her nearby.
its sturdy and comfortable for him which is great.
Its very comfortable and easy for him to use on his own.
He was totally comfortable.
I couldn't believe how comfortable they are for them sitting on it, due to the arms and back and overall design.
We'll be using these for awhile I expect.looks cute but not functional for us.the depth of the plastic bowl is not deep.If the shit is coming out long and hard, it might push back up to the babyWith my first son, i bought the boon potty bench, I did consider this one, but at the time, I wanted the step stool option.
Rubber grip on the bottom works well too, does not slide around.I have 2 of these for my twins.
We have tried four other potty seats, and all have proved difficult to use:-We first tried the Primo Ducka toilet seat (looks like a duck), and while it was cute and engaging, he could not climb on the toilet to use it by himself, and it often directed the liquid flow right between the toilet and seat (what a mess!
Currently DS is not using it yet, but I can't wait to get out of cloth diapers!Our daughter loves using this chair.
The guard in front forces his legs apart a bit and is high enough to catch most of a boy's unpredictable flow.
But as my son grew, he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem.
Most of them were okay, but just got nasty quckly, were hard to disinfect, or were uncomfortable for my son.
Those were awful.
My only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle, the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath.
She doesn't use it every time, but has a handful of times and for sure is on the path to diaper freedom.Pros:Comfortable for the little one (she is about 20lbs)The inside comes out for cleaning and there are not any seams to gather gunk.Looks like a real toilet.Cons:Won't work as a seat on a real toilet.The back is smooth, slippery and tapered with no handle which makes it hard to grasp.Pro tip: If you are going to wear the inner liner like a top hat to make your child laugh, be aware she may try it on herself at some point.
She only wants to potty train on the real toilet and, hey, that's not a bad thing.
We have a very active one who just wants to pick up everything and walk it around the house.
It's inexpensive (but very well made), SUPER easy to clean, has a very comfortable splash guard for boys and is comfortable (I'm assuming).
It was comfortable for her height and she was willing to sit on it for more than a minute.
Otherwise, great little chair, for sure.I would mention, the "lip" that is there to prevent issues for little boys or "forward spillage" during a pee, might prove a little tough to maneuver or might get a little boy caught on it...I'm sure they have to be high enough to actually prevent the spill/splash, but this one took my daughter a moment to get over the little hump, and being a girl she doesn't even have the "extra accessories".I almost passed over this potty for something with more bells and whistles.
My son is well supported in the ergonomic seat that has a wide base and rubber footings so I don't have to worry about him squirming and tipping over.
Some of the potties I've seen have very small bowls which I'd imagine to be difficult targets for little behinds.
It is comfortable and easy to use.
With a high back, he looks comfortable and relaxed sitting on it.
My daughter is 9 months old and seems to have no problem with it.
I happened to have it sitting on a waterproof pad, just incase, so nothing got on my carpet.
We thought that would be more comfortable, but soon realized it just irritated her bum.
It seems comfortable, and she doesn't get that red ring around her bottom from sitting on it.
The shield is high enough that a boy will not pee all over himself, but short enough that a little girl will not jab herself while trying to sit down.
My 2 year old son strongly prefers the pottyPOD, which he finds much more comfortable.
He will not use this one for #2, and mostly only uses it when he knows he needs to get to the potty quickly and this is the one nearby.
He says it is not as comfortable, and he has a tendency to sort of scrunch over when sitting on it.
Even when he does not get pinched, he also ends up with seams cut into his little bum and back of legs, and as a result will not remain seated on this seat at all.
My daughter had no problem sitting with the little guard on the front.
I like that it has a separate bowl and my daughter is so proud when she can take it out and flush it down the "big" potty.Our toddler still doesn't use it much, but the few times he has gone to sit on it, the white top with the weird hump on it trips him up and hits him in the wrong place.
It is smooth so that it will not scratch tender body parts and it cannot get lost.The cup is removed from the TOP of the base!
The deflector could be a little higher in our experience, but it wasn't too bad.
She was comfortable and nothing pinched her causing her to not want to use it.
She made sure I did as well.
Reason being I think I accidently tossed this in a made rage to declutter.Overall, cleans very easily, no weird places for poop or pee to hide, and she didn't become attached to it.It seems like a great product, but if you have a tall child or you potty-train really early, I don't think it's that great.
Buy it already!We have a small bathroom so I was a little worried how this would fit in there without getting in the way, but it fits great.
It's comfortable for toddlers to sit in, as well as easy for them to lift out the bowl and empty into the toilet themselves.
(I can't speak for how much protection it offers for little boys, however.)
The splash guard never gets in her way!
I'm not sure what the people who are complaining about pee going over the place but he can do it by himself with no problems.
He is about 32 pounds and 36 inches & I'm sure he will be using it at home for a while.
And, they seem very comfortable to sit on.
I can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard, which you can't remove, but this hasn't been a problem for him.
It's pretty unobtrusive color wise, but it is kind of large.
My daughter is not quite ready for this but I am sure this is a great purchase.It's ok.
It's just not working out for my little one.
It's a hard plastic seat, and my toddler doesn't care for it.
She's never been very comfortable on it.I LOVE that this is "healthy" materials - HATE that it sticks to my sons bottoms when he stands and in 2 cases pee everywhere (one other case POOP EVERYWHERE!
It is very comfortable for my 2 1/2 year old.
I, like many other reviewers, was intially put off by the $22 price tag.The problem I have with many baby products today is that companies try to make something a "new concept" by adding bells and whistles or attempting to make things multi-purpose.
Its ergonomic design and rubber bottom makes it comfortable and stable, even on carpet.
My daughter is tall for her age but not particularly chunky or chubby.
In my case, my daughter did not find this seat comfortable and did not take to it at all.
It's a little lower, but wider and the seat cannot come up with her.
No need to snap things or worry about cleaning crevices.I also like that it is the right size.
He does not mind sitting on it at all so it must be comfortable to him.
Her bottom does have a pink ring on it from the impression of where she was sitting on the potty seat, but it's not like it's sore or that it's an actual bruise.
It seems very comfortable for my little guy.
If not right on target, you're going to have a mess every time.
The bowl has a fairly high and wide splash guard, but it's not so big that it is difficult for her to sit and get situated.
The bowl doesn't have anything to lock it into place, so be sure to teach your child not to play with it from the very beginning.
It would be difficult to tip over.On the (barely) downside.
The seat is hard plastic and doesn't seem comfy.
The seat is comfortable for her height and fits her bottom and legs very well.
It's not really breakable.
But the seat is so comfortable that he can sit in it and listen to a song for a minute or even two before he gets bored - that is usually enough to get him do his small business there.
Word of caution -  when I tried to seat him for the very first time, he tried to just walk out of it and went down head-first - he was not a strong walker back then but I was ready and caught him and put him right back so he did not get scared of the experience.
It has a nice &#34;splash guard&#34; on the front, so I'm not worried about the little man peeing over the top.
It has a high back and armrests, making it comfortable for my daughter to sit.
a few times and does not feel uncomfortable sitting here.
In one word - horrible.
I'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that's nearly impossible.
I never had a hard time training him to use it.
He seems to be very comfortable with it that he seems to actually enjoy sitting on it while making poo and playing his toy ramp & cars at the same time.
He also likes using it without doing something else so I know its not about the toy.
So we bought some leg warmers and problem solved.
She seems very comfortable sitting on it, I think because of its high back and the little bump in front that kind of keeps her in the right position.
I am sure that it would be comfortable for most children who are potty training as well.
I wanted something that was comfortable, compact, and without all the bells and whistles (lights, toys, sounds, etc.).
I'm not going to sit on it, but it handles a 32lb kid no problemComfort - No problem sitting on this potty.
Other potties we tried the lip was not high enough (or not there), which could be a disaster.
The downfall of this chair is that, the front piece that's suppose to block the pee from spilling out, is not high enough.
It's just not made high enough to block the pee from spilling out.
and looks like an actual mini toilet.
They have never had trouble avoiding it when sitting though, so have not hurt themselves on it.I wanted a small potty chair that would be easy for our 18 month old to sit on.
he is able to sit and do his business, carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself (he was not even 2 yet!).
I also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet.
I'm not sure why, but it is the only thing I've ever tried to sit her on that makes her cry and which she refuses to sit on.
She hates it, and I'm not sure why.2.
We kept it up until he was 4 months old and then I stopped because my mother-in-law thought it was "weird" - I tried to start again when he was 6 months but he was already attached to his diapers.
The pee gaurd is in the opinion of more than just our family, TERRIBLE for toddlers!
If he is not positioned quite right he might pee outside but for the most part if you are watching closely it contains everything just fine.
The seat does not slide on tile flooring.
Unfortunately, I haven't even given birth yet and I already know they're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.The pros: inexpensive.The cons: These diapers are horribly rough, even after a washing.
The fabric is fraying and even triple folded, these things do not hold liquid.
They are absorbent and comfortable to use.
They are inexpensive and very useful.I'm not sure how other people can give these a good review, or maybe I don't know what they're supposed to be used for?
Certainly not diapers!
The ones she meant were the cushioned ones, however.
While I still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use, they are not nearly as absorbent as these Gerber cloth diapers.
My child is not even all that prone to throwing up and the other burp cloths are still not enough...
I cannot imagine how often you would have to reach for a 2nd, 3rd and 4th burp cloth if you had a baby who spit up all the time.
These are easily washed and inexpensive... admittedly not as pretty, but most mothers get over "pretty" real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time!
101 uses, I love them!The can never be used as DIAPERS!
My only complaint is that they shrink quite a bit.My daughter has always hated wearing disposable diapers.
got them in 2009 for my son - never used as a diaper...  these came in handy in a bath, and when baby was falling asleep he would use it to cover himself .
I fear that the prefolds would be too bulky for me and not nearly broad enough.
I had intended to use them as burp cloths, but they are way too thin and not absorbent at all!
They are also a strange shape which makes them difficult to fold to be used as diapers.
Any baby "mishap" would immediately seep through.
Not only that, they feel very rough - not something you'd want to rub on a newborn baby's skin to clean spit-up or drool.I feel bad for giving such a poor review because I'm normally a huge fan of Gerber products.
They are VERY absorbant!It may be telling that I've never had old Gerber flats.
These are JUST AS GOOD as the more expensive diapers.So, why am I not giving them five stars?
For all that the product description says they're 27x27, they're not, at least not after being washed.
Don't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash.
These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you don't have to worry about staining them.
After the first wash, they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue.
"I was shocked to find they're not that cheap, and even more shocked at the (lack of) quality.
However, the nipples and all of the other pieces are not needed if you're using other bottles (which I think most people would be).
Thanks to those who mentioned that the Evenflo nipples would fit the bottles, but it's the Evenflo Classic nipples that fit, not the Evenflo Elite nipples.
I should mention that she is not picky (becasue some babies are)about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slow.I use these to pump & store my milk with the Medela Harmony pump.
--my husband tried them once while I was away (when we first bought them) and she hated them.
I just picked up geber nuk slow flow nipples and it's perfect for my baby.I have not had a problem with using these bottles on my older model of the medela pump.
Didn't hurt when I saw them come with the nipples for those emergency feedings in the car!I was very disappointed in this product.
My baby hates them for feeding, however.
She instantly responded to the Playtex nipples, however.
I hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage.
I would check to make sure these don't have bisphenol A (BPA), we didn't know about back when we got them.
(The colored plastic evenflo are BPA free, not the clear plastic ones)  Both brands will screw onto Medela pump hardware and are light enough to do hands-free pumping.I got the Medela bottles because I intended on breast feeding my child.
Unfortunatly I was unable to do that.
They look horrible and my two month old daughter does not like them at all.
I also found that I did not like these bottles for feeding because they do nothing to prevent air from entering baby's belly and the result is gas or worse, colic.They also flow too fast for newborns.These are great to put under a Pack-N-Play, or on top of a changing table.
I must admit that after washing, these pads did pill but this did not deteriorate their effectiveness.
It's the difference between wearing a hospital pad versus a brand name pad.
Mine has not pilled and has gone through many washings.
They go anywhere and we left one at grandmas and one in the car for changing on the seat when not convenient to change elsewhere.
It's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourself.This pad can be used for anything!
Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.
I washed it and the pad washed great.it's not waterproof.
These pads save me a lot of time beacuse I don't have to worry about doing the sheets all the time.
They may not be the softest on the market but they work very well.
And awhile back when she had a particularly upset stomach and lots of diaper blow-outs we kept her on top of these pads all day, whether she was sleeping in her crib or anywhere.
I used to use them on top of the changing pad, but my baby is only 2 months old and they already look quite old.I love my pad, I use it under my bassinet sheet.
It is very soft, provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard, and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem.
They don't leak unless banged upside down onto a table or floor, and the valves are easily replaced once they start to wear out.Unfortunately, it's getting hard to find this particular style of the playtex cups.
I'm not sure if there's a way to request a boy-theme or not, but we'll probably order again sometime soon and take our chances.We have tried so many sippy cups over the years and these are the best.
I tried other hard spout cups but he didn't like them.
Looked on Amazon and so glad that I found them.
She's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily, so that's not the cups fault.
He throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out!
Playtex does make insulated ones which in my opinion are a lot better for two reasons.The first reason is that my childs hands do not get cold while sipping from cup and second the drink stays a lot colder a lot longer.
The valves are easy to put in and take out, my child only has water and milk still so I am not sure how well they will work for juice.We've been using these cups since my son was around 8 months.
I can throw this cup in the diaper bag and not worry that it's going to leak.
Avent sippy cups are hard to hold, difficult to drink from when the cup is not filled to capacity, a pain to clean, and worst of all they leak.
The difference was astounding.
I should mention that Idoes not leak,relatively easy to clean,nothing to chew trough (it is amazing that a replacement part for a soft spout may cost as much as a new sippy)and yes, the bottle is finally gone!The only time I've had one of these sippy cups leak is from operator error.
I loved these so much, I couldn't bring myself to get rid of them!the last set that I bought was the wrong colors but I used them anyhow...they wash good and last long.My wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so I decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak.
I have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain, anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them.
I got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so sillyWhile I agree these cups don't leak, they are difficult to get clean.
Too bad, as they are great in the no-leak department.
My only complaint is that they are slightly too small.
Perfect.I use the Medela pump - but their thin bottles and simple caps don't seem like they have the ability to keep the milk fresh.
I don't have any problem with leaking and I can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.I gave these 4 stars because I didn't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer (which is why I registered for them in the first place).
The first one we bought had a very slow leak; after 9 months it turned into a fast leak, so we bought another one, thinking we wouldn't be unlucky enough to get another defective one twice in a row.Wrong!
They never responded to my friendly letter.
), they were totally unhelpful.The woman who answered at "Customer Service" kept interrupting me to tell me that they do not accept returns, and any problems have to be taken up with the retailer.
Big surprise.Although not quite as cushy as this tub, I would highly recommend getting your baby or toddler the PRIMO EuroBath instead.
We got it after having to give up on inflatables, and it is roomy, comfortable, and DURABLE, unlike Kel-Gar's products.
*Update - all the other tubs have the same negative reviews about splitting seams over time.
Ah well.My almost 1 year old grew out of the hard plastic-type infant/baby tub so looked for one that was softer and bigger.
Like the dain plug and the suction cup to keep it from sliding in the tub.I was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.
I use that sometimes as I don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.But I was worried about safety so I purchased the cushion.We also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.
You don't have to worry about them slipping in a big tub and it saves water!
I did not need a tub that had slots for the shampoo because then my Son spends all of his time trying to play with the shampoo.
Soft, blows up easily, roomy but not too roomy.
Great purchase.My baby had outgrown our hard plastic tub and was uncomfortable in it.
It's a little difficult to fill since it's so puffy, I have trouble getting it under the tub faucet but since I need to test the water temperature anyway, I just cup my hands and let the water run into the tub like that.
My son can sit up very securely, however he immediately slid.
I even bought a tub mat insert to try, and he still slipped.3) It barely fits into our tub.I couldn't find anywhere--not on amazon nor on the product or its packaging--what this tub is made of, but I suspect it might be made of PVC.
I wanted to push the tub toward the back of the larger house tub so that our son was not tempted to pull up on the faucets.
It only took moments to inflate by mouth, and I never needed to add more air.
I liked being able to use the tub in the middle of the big tub so my baby was never in close proximity to the faucet or water controls.
And on the rare occasion when my baby accidentally bumps her bead on the side, well, it's all soft and bouncy so she never hurt herself.My son outgrew his infant tub so I tried to bath him in a regular tub - wasn't having it!
I am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when I have to wash his bottom.
My only complaint is that the bottom leaves...um...rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in.
She is VERY active so she doesn't like to sit for very long.
She is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips.
She loves the ability to play in the water in here, I just have a hard time keeping her sitting in the tub, she keeps wanting to stand up and climb the bathtub walls.
She rarely gets upset at anything let alone cries -but I have to say, I blew up this tub and our daughter FREAKED OUT - she would clinch onto me super scared of it, turn her head and cry out at the sight of it.
Don't know what it is about this tub, but wasn't for my daughter.3 stars because the product itself was okay- just not sure what "spooked" her about it!
And worth noting, it did have a strong odor when I blew it up - but that was a bad taste in my mouth- not an external odor.very nice productGood little tub.
Little man sometimes pulls the drain plug, so make sure that it is pushed all the way down.
It would be ok for somebody who was sitting next to the tub while baby bathed, as it would save time and water not having to fill the whole tub.I had some problems with mold, and boy is it tough to get off once it's there.
If you travel, it's a great idea to get an inflatable tub, it's portable, and quite sturdy.This is a nice, big tub, but the bottom never held air.
Also, splashing got to be a bit messy on the counter top.
My 9 month old does not slip around in it at all.
We got 10 months hard, abusing, biting on the tub use out of it, which is amazing for such a reasonably priced product.
Great item...its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :)  Another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet, it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and doesn't deflate easily (it's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since I've purchased the item).Only CON is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned, the tub is slippery.
The pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.
I promise she will love it and you.I bought this pillow on a whim not having much faith since it was only $9.99.
I have always been a left-side sleeper so I didn't think sleeping while pregnant would be difficult.
Just wedging the pillow under my side would make all the difference in the world.I think we bought this for $8.
I'm glad it's not memory foam because I need a 'lift' not to sink in.
It's very firm so not super comfortable but I still use it.
But I'm not sure if I would feel like I needed it if I didn't already buy it.
The drawback to this wedge is that if you wedge too much of it under your belly, it hurts your back --defeating the whole purpose.So tiny and hard as a rock.
However it did make a great tool for propping up our newborn's mattress because he needs to sleep elevated due to reflux.This wedge is very small, it will work well for supporting a pregnant belly but is not for sleeping on.
Can't beat this price though!I was terribly uncomfortable and needed some support for my baby belly, but this was not even close to the answer to my problem.
I'm glad I found something to make her a bit more comfortable.ETA:  Found another use for the pillow.
Entertaining a 4 year old in a hospital room is hard, but this pillow has assisted us in doing just that.This pillow is smaller than a standard sized bed pillow.
It does not solve all of my comfort issues, but it gives me peace of mind that I'm not laying flat while I sleep (which I find myself doing without it.)
It was very uncomfortable.
Once my tummy got bigger, the pillow was no longer uncomfortable and actually helps support my belly very much.
The problem is it is too hard for me.
I have put it away and expect to use it when my belly gets bigger ...As other reviewers have mentioned, this is not for car seats.
The technician who installed my car seat told me to never ATTACH anything to my car seat (including toys) that didn't come with the seat, and the way these headrests fit, that is considered to be attached.
The technician did recommend the rolled blanket idea- the blankets will not cause harm to your baby in a crash, and they do not interfere with how the baby fits in the seat at all.I am using mine in the stroller and his swing.
I give it three stars because it is not totally useless.We use this headrest for their bouncy seats only.
I tried the head rest that came with her Graco car seat and it was terrible.
The product may be a fine one, but I found an &quot;extra&quot; one to be unnecessary.I am not rating this very highly because my daughter's head still flopped around quite a lot when I used it because babies' car seats have them sitting almost upright even as newborns.
This particular one appealed to me because it's not dyed & it's made in the USA.
As to whether or not it works?
Also - not to be weird but on a taste test the Munchkin brand had no taste while this one seemed to have a little, bitter taste.
You will need to not only run it through the dishwasher but also give it a thorough once over.
I was able to give my child many different types of foods and not worry about him choking.
I would not live without this tool.
This is the only thing that soothes his teething pain that he'll take.
Worth the price, as it WORKSWhat a great way to introduce baby to fresh fruit &amp; veggies.
Then throw them away as the bags age, tear or stain.Alex has used ours since 4 months of age and our original bags plus newer replacements are still going strong at 10 months, with repeated dishwasher-ing.I purchased this product a few months ago despite all the bad reviews and so far I have not had a problem with it.
I've had this sitting in the sink (dirty) for days sometimes and I have never once had a problem cleaning it.
I wish I found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item.
It's great for regular feeding too, since you can now place larger pieces of food inside to give your child a taste of such things as meat, fresh brocolli, etc.
He loved the flavor of melon, but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke.
I will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder, but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits.
I like that she can hold onto it herself and I don't have to worry about her choking (there's no way she could fit anything but the tip of the mesh in her mouth).
I never had to worry about her choking and it was so easy to clean.I truely reccomend this product for worry free feeding!Wouldn't it be nice if the fears of solid feeding could be alleviated?
She never cared for those teething rings or other teething toys, this was it for us.
I think you can buy this one and not the "Starter Kit."
The main issue I have with it is that the mesh is pretty thick so it's hard for her to actually get any food out of it.
She gets upset when the ice is gone.
My daughter is 11 months and has been teething almost none stop since 3 months...Currently she is cutting her first molars and this helps for her to suck on it and get the cold water back farther than a teething ring would.I had been using the Gerber bags for quite a while when I ran out and decided to try some of the Medela bags that came with my pump.I frequently just couldn't seem to get the bags to completely seal - and I had NEVER had this problem with the Gerber bags.I always ended up making a mess when trying to use the 'spout' at the bottom of the bag.And the worst part - I didn't realize the twist-ties were cutting into the sides of the bags on more than one occasion.
Apparently I can handle a ziploc baggie but not a twist tie!The idea behind these bags is great - you can pump straight into the bag and store them.
The execution, however, is lousy.
I will never go back to Medela.
Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because I can see I'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.
With Lansinoh I won't have to worry about that.
But neither has my Lansinoh bag.I actually did not even buy this bags, I only used the ones that came with my Pump in Style.
From the beginning I did not like their closing system - with a tie!
I had no problems attatching the bags to the shield, but I hated the way you are suppose to close the bags.
I haven't had any problems with leaks(on storage) so far, but it just does not seem right!
These were just about the worst!!
I went through ALOT of bags (I use bottles now) and these were a pain.
They were small, thin, punctured easily, and those twist ties (although pumping directly into the bag is a great concept) were just a pain in the butt.
Plus, the bag got stuck in the puddle.I have also used the Gerber bags, and I liked those much better.I was not impressed with these storage bags.
This brand is harder to close, more time consuming and wasteful (due to spilling)they freeze well but you have to place them in a coffee cup or something so they won't tip over.
they do not stand up on their own.
also the twist ties are terrible.
It's not that easy.
The worst thing about the bag is that they have leaked a few times that my caregiver was warming up the milk.
This never happened with the other bags on the market.
Pass on this and try others.I do not like these bags.
The twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on.
And I've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - I have to snip the edge with a scissors, which I'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.
I've never had a problem with those leaking or ruining my milk.
).There seem to be many negative reviews for these bags, but I have no serious complaints about them.
I store my milk in tupperware and then enclose in large freezer ziplocks and have not had any problem with the milk being corrupted.
When I heat these up in a pot or under hot water I never have to double bag or worry about leaks and that is what matters most to me.
The twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective.
You can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent.
In additon to this, the cost is ridiculous.
These bags do not measure up to the Medela name and they should consider a new design.
Returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bags.I love this gadget.
With the harness strap it was just too hard to get the seat in tight enough.
However I could not get it so tight that it would move less than an inch.
I am not a particularly strong or large person and it was a breeze to install.
They said not to add any after-market things to car seats or seat belts.
They also said that the headrest for the infant seat was dangerous because it adds more room between baby and the seat, which may cause the baby to be injury seriously in an accident.I took both out of my car.
They are great for around-the-house everyday use.This is a great item you cannot do without!
Very simple to operate, but it takes some getting used to with certain seatbelts.
Solid as a house, and putting the &quot;extra tail&quot; into it keeps it from loosening.Plus side: man, is this thing tough.
Finally, getting it to release is kind of a pain.
Now, a ratchet is not supposed to open easily, so it's no big deal, but it takes some work and getting used to.
But if you have to move it even occasionally, I think this accessory is worth the price for a little extra security and peace of mind, plus a few extra minutes saved.The one caveat I provide is that the plastic retainers that hold the strap in have begun to look a little stressed (the way well-used plastic looks before it breaks), so this might not wear well over a multi-year period.
This is not a safety issue, since this part is used only to guide the safety belt, and if it does break, it will still be usable.
Still, one would hope it will not!
It's not safe, can cut your seatbelt, and kill your child.You need to get a good install without this dangerous product.We had gotten this seat belt tighter for both our cars - a Subaru Outback and an Audi A4.
For the Subaru, the Mighty-Tite was too bulky to work well - it was pushed up against the car seat and it was difficult to tighten completely.
It fit well on the Audi, but when we got our car seat installation inspected, the police office checking our seat said that she did not recommend this product.
Since it is not made by the car manufacturer and not made by the car seat company, you should be wary of being lulled into a false sense of security just because you have this product.I am a big guy, and even when I pushed down on the base of our Graco seat, I could not get the seat installed tight enough.
I never worried about the seat belt again.
I was in a car accident with my child when he was almost 3 years old.
I honestly believe that this  product saved him from worse injuries than he recieved.
He came out of the wreck with only scratches on the top of his head.
The Mighty-Tite still worked fine after the wreck, & the seat belt never broke like some of the other reviews say.
My son is now in a booster seat & we don't use the Mighty-Tite anymore, but I am pregnant with my 2nd child, I am definately going to use this product again with this baby.I bought this sheet because I believed everything should be &quot;form fitting&quot; if my son was to be in it - to prevent possible suffocation, choking....This sheet was so rough I could not lay my baby on it.
For the basinett - don't bother.We own these sheets and they are great specially for my nephew..they seem "thin" but actually they are not to thin...i washed them many times from baby puke...these sheets has saved our travel yard from the evil smell of vomit!
we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy off!While it looks like it would be a great color, it's poorly made (thread count must be super low) and when it comes out of the drier, it has "balls" collected over it which also makes the sheet not-so-soft.
All in all, a reasonably priced, high quality necessity.I bought one just to try to keep the pad a little bit more comfortable, but it is so thin.
I recommend purchasing a 27" size BRU Especially for Baby Brand waterproof pad to go under the sheet (Just like you would buy a waterproof cover for your crib mattress!).
I only use the sheets when we're traveling and my son uses the playyard to sleep in, and I haven't had any problem with the sheets coming off during sleep (and he's pretty active at night!
Also, they're not the softest sheet in the world, but that does make them a bit more durable.
The sheet is also quite thin.The best thing is to not have high expectations for this sheet.I couldn't fathom why the pack'n'play layette bed needed a sheet.
There's not much to say about a sheet.
I would recommend this over white, yellow, certain blues and pinks.
I would never use this long term but for short term use this is convenient.
I'm glad I got it and I have no complaints but there is only so much raving you ca do about a piece of fabric so I say, buy it as a backup.
Oh, and they aren't elasticized, but it is so tricky to get them on the bassinet, I have no worries that they will come up (we haven't used the play yard feature yet).By the way, we've been using them all through a hot Colorado summer; if this were winter I would definitly be looking for something softer and cozier.I bought this sheet for my Baby Trend playyard.
I do, however, put a bassinett pad (one of the big lap pads) under the sheet to help with keeping the &quot;mattress&quot; dry.
It's not the softest sheet ever made, but that's not what I was expecting.
VERY thin and not very soft either.
There were three colors available at the store (dark blue, light blue, white).
Most comfortable of any that I tried.
Was only available in a dark blue.
It's been so bad that we haven't used it yet.
Can't understand why there are so many negative reviews about the fit and wear of this sheet.
We've bought several other brands, all of which were better than this stuff.I regret not following the advice of the majority of reviewers on this one.
Boy was I wrong.
The pad wipes down well and if i'm going to have my daughter in there for a long time I use a waterproof pad under her.
We never used them... You can find ours at Goodwill.
I am a big fan of Graco products, but not these!
They are thin, and not soft at all.
They also fit well over the quilted pack and play sheet.O.k., yes it is thin, it is not the softest out there, but it does the job.
I'm glad Graco came up with such a great product.
It's best to have a few on hand for spit up's or leaky diaper's...these have a crease up the middle and are not the most comfortable.
The Lansinoh disposable Nursing Pads are much more discrete and comfortable than these.
It is not even polyester thread, which tolerates a VERY high heat (i.e., cotton) setting from an iron.I am so incredibly disappointed.
Cotton/ Bamboo...?KUSHIES:Single layer/light use 4 starInner doubler 5 starOuter doubler 1 starheavy night solo 1 starRate of absorption 5 star (immediately absorbs 3ml during 2 secs dispersed).Shirt test - back of pad damp in 10 minutes (3ml), shirt not visibly damp, but slightly damp to touchAppearance 2.5 star (deep dart gives nipple effect on C cup(2), becomes less visible with time(3))Best speed of absorption and inner doubler.
Still fresh white color after 2 months use.
95% Cotton/5% Polyester, outer shell 100% cotton, seamless deep contour, 4 pads/pk.MEDELA-baby shower gift:Single layer/light 3 starInner doubler 3 starOuter doubler 2 starheavy night solo 1 starRate of absorption 2 star: (3ml in 23 sec), 3ml within 5-10 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - back of pad damp in 20 minutes, not visible on shirt (3ml)Appearance 3 starAbsorbed 3ml in 23sec, absorption improved thereafter following additional months of use.
100% cotton, min contour and dart/seam, 4 pads/pk w/ mini laundry bagNUANGEL INC:White/White Lace/PatternsSingle layer/light 5 starInner doubler 3 starOuter doubler 3 starheavy night solo 2 starRate of absorption - 3ml within 3 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - White/Patterns: back barely damp in 30 min / White Lace back not discernibly damp @ 30 min... in both cases shirt barely felt damp but not visibly dampAppearance 4 star (flat.
smaller you are, better it probably looks)Natural/Natural LaceSingle layer/light 5 starInner doubler 2 starOuter doubler 4 starheavy night solo 2 starRate of absorption - star: 3ml within 5 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - Natural: back damp in 30 min / Natural Lace back not discernibly damp @ 30 min... in both cases shirt barely felt damp but not visiblyAppearance 4 star (flat.
I think they are so much softer and more comfortable than the disposables.
I don't leak much anymore, so these are plenty sufficient to collect leakage.
If you are using no bra or a bra that is not ironclad, you will be able to see the pad protruding, since for some reason it does not adjust to your breast shape as much as the disposables.
I also do not like that they produce fuzz that gets glued to my nipples when they leak, which is very hard to remove without soap.
Somehow I do not like the idea of my newborn eating that fuzz with his meal--even if it is cotton.
Surprisingly, I also felt that the disposables felt gentler to my sore nipples than these.So far, both types have managed to hold all my leaking so I cannot comment on this.
I use them at night at home but never when I go out.
They have a very small diameter, and retain their shape very poorly after being washed.
They are also difficult to wash, getting balled up and don't dry well.very comfortable and stay put pretty well.
however the slightest leak and they seem to soak through easily not recommended for those who leak a lotThese are a little to big for me (even thought I have big-uns).
They are, however very absorbant.These are much more comfortable than the disposables, but not as convenient, especially at night.
No Way to attach them to your clothes and not as absorpsent.I bought these to help with leaks during engorgement after giving birth.
To make things worse little strands of cotton would dry themselves onto the cracked bleeding parts.
I love them though and I still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that I received as a gift and will probably not use.
Seems pretty wasteful to me.They are very soft and much more comfortable than disposables.
I don't leak that much, so it's not a problem at all.I was hoping to find a more eco way of dealing with leakage than using disposables.
These work in terms of absorption for me (I should qualify that to mean I leak but generally during feedings or at night and not profusely, but enough to soak 50% of the surface of my bra at a time).Unfortunately, they are so thick they show through my more tailored clothes (flowy, patterned tops seem to remedy much of this problem).
I would not recommend these unless you were going to hand wash them - but who has time with a new babe!
It did make breastfeeding a little more comfortable.
I had my baby by c-section so nursing was tricky at first.
Perfect height to get those knees up so you're not hunched while nursing.
It also helps my husband, who has a bad back and chronic pain, sit more comfortably.I so regret not buying this sooner.
Highly recommend.I nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this, like many mothers, slouching and what not was killing my already injured back, a friend of mine had one and i tried it...loved it!
You can buy it at Target or anywhere Medela products are sold.I own the pump in style advanced... get this one, its worth every penny!Yes, it seems a bit ridiculous to buy a nursing stool, but I got one after I used it in a nursing supply store and it totally changed how comfortable I was!
Prior to the stool my lap was slanted in a way that made it difficult to position baby and my back was leaned too far back to be useful.
Which also means this is not just a handy item for nursing, but also for bottlefeeding too!
The only problem is I get so spoiled at home, its hard to feed my son while we're out!
It gets your body in the right position and makes nursing so much more comfortable.
I am not too tall - 5'3" with legs on the shorter side.
And things got worse when my son was born.
I simply could not get comfortable while breastfeeding, and was having trouble maintaining good posture, so my back was getting worse and worse.
I ordered this stool thinking it would help me get comfortable and sit straight.
Unfortunately, it has not helped me at all.I think one main problem is that I am very short: 5'1" and change.
While I sit on the miniature recliner in my baby's room, my feet do reach, but the sticky pads on the feet of the stool are not sticky enough.
No more back pain and fewer bad latches due to awkward positioning.
I've put a dish towel over it to make it more comfortable for me.I didn't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse, but I was wrong!
I used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking!
I recommend it to all my pregnant friends as it makes nursing for long periods of time comfortable and you can use any chair in the house, you don't have to necessarily sit in a fancy glider once you have this versatile stool.I was nursing without this stool for almost 2 months.
I started developing lower back pain.
In just 1 week, my lower back pain began to go away.
I don't use it all the time but it's very comfortable when I do.
It was hard to nurse without support and something sturdy to put my feet on.
I was thrilled to find it on Amazon when searching for something to make nursing in our new rocker more comfortable - I am quite short, so I needed something for my feet to rest on.
It's very sturdy and doesn't slide around on the floor like my daughter's plastic stools do.I did not get this until baby #2, and I wish I had had it with the first one!
Only complaint is that it could be a little wider for me.
Boy was I wrong.
If you find yourself stuffing an extra pillow/blanket under your nursing pillow to fill in the gap between the pillow and your lap this stool will solve that problem, and won't fall out of your lap onto the floor!
So far, this hasn't been a huge problem, except for making a loud THUMP every time I do it, which sometimes startles the baby.
I would just suggest that you avoid ever using it as an actual stool and never step or stand on it, and keep any little kiddos away from it too.Other than the potentially dangerous tipping thing, it is a nice wood piece and went together very easily.
As stated before, I would not use it in place of a safer flat stool, but it would be absolutely great under a desk to prop up your feet while working.We have a white crib and the last set of these I bought (years ago) were discolored.
I know some people did not, and wrote poor reviews about it when it was clearly buyer error.
Our son figured out how to remove the other ones we had, but not these.
I have only 1 problem with these (hnce 4 stars).
no mater how you try to group them, they do not cover the entire rail on any side of my baby's crib (standard size).
At least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer.
She loved them and thought they were a cool new toy but they did not do the intended job.
The length (from top to bottom) is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches.
Not sure how they would work if they fitted!My 11-month-old can easily remove these protectors, making them worse than useless--they're actually an additional hazard.
It did not fit my rail.
So not only did I waste my money purchasing these, but both of my cribs also have a bunch of teeth marks... exactly what I was trying to avoid.
My 11 month olds have not pulled them off....yet ;)  There is another listing for this same product, http://www.amazon.com/Prince-Lionheart-Crib-Rail-Teether/dp/B001JBALRQ/ref=pd_sbs_ba_5 , you might be able to get an idea of the size/shape of the crib rail it expects.I covered just one side of their crib at first, but this seems to work and I just went out (to a local store) and bought another pair to cover the other side of the crib.I recommend this product, however, you need to measure or consider your crib rails - they need to be on the skinny side.Update:  After several months of use, I noticed that the varnish from my cribs has come off of the crib and stuck to the inside of the teething rails.
It is the very very top of the crib rail and not the entire crib rail.
I hardly noticed until I looked at it harder.
I still like what the product does, however, I'm disappointed that it has ruined the wood.
I'm confident he will be unable to open this if he finds a cord and follows it back to the power.If you have all 2-prong plugs then this will work perfectly.
I don't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up.
Many people had commented they were difficult so I actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out.
No problem.
We keep her from them on a regular basis, but on the off chance she's near them, this does the trick.This does the job quite nicely, particularly for the price.
My only complaint is that I have to unlatch it to plug something new in, but I can't fault the product-that is just how baby proofing goes sometimes.Everyone with a power cord and a child should have this.
While they do work, its hard to open and close, and it doesnt leave enough room for some of my larger plugs.
Mine is also a white color, not the cream like it appears in the picture.This thing is bulky and me no likeThough they snap and the locks are tightBut it's huge but I guess that's okBut won't be ordering more, it's not worth it to payOk so this technically does the job but it's stinking huge and the locks work too well in that it's a pain to open up to get more things plugged in so I guess it's best to use it for power that you won't need to touch for a whileI wouldn't call this much of a safety product.
The plastic is very flimsy and the locking tabs aren't that hard to open.
It's fine as a deterrent, but nothing I would waste money on again.I had to put one of these on my computer power strip as my son wanted to push the button with the light on it, this is great and I am very happy with my purchase, you cannot go wrong with buying this.Daughter saw it once, wanted to play with it.
It is easy to use, plesant on the eyes (it is white, not off white like the photo) and IMPOSSIBLE for babies to open!This is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation.
But they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open.
If the cover were taller, it wouldn't be an issue because the whole adapter could fit inside, but it's not.
So I had to return this anyway, but if I'd kept it, I would only have wanted to use it for a power strip that I never need to add/remove plugs on -- the tabs to open the cover are a serious pain...and ironically would be easier to open if my hands were smaller.We have a very active 8 month old girl, so we decided to buy 3 of these to cover the connectors, Was very easy to put it on.
Would highly recommend this productI have a basic single row power strip, and i couldn't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch... therefore making this completely useless to me.The snap buttons are hard to open and close, so it would be good to keep little fingers out, but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.The stip i have is SIMILAR to this one,&lt;...>but not exactly the same.
Mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled "adapter" so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet space.Not very easy to open and close, which is great for baby proofing but not good if it's something you want to unplug frequently.
Otherwise it works well and holds a large power strip.This is a giant pain to apply and so hard to open--which makes it a great baby proofing product, but not very user friendly.
Make sure whatever you have plugged into the strip is going to stay there for a long time and isn't something that needs to be unplugged often.
It is very hard however for me to open it, but I guess that's the point.This is supposed to keep your kids safe.
My 18mth old figured out how to open this in a matter of days.This is a very useless item.
The reason i gave it a 3 stars is because two reasons.One the wires come out the top making it hard to put them in a cord hider.
I don't think my baby daughter will be able to open them herself, and she won't be able to reach her fingers in and shock herself.
I now own at least five of these.This item is useless.
It does not keep fingers out and it also doesn't fit larger plugs.
I do not recommend it to anyone.This is a great protector for over the power strips!
Included with the package are several plug covers to put in unused outlets on the power strip.
Unlike that item, this cover is not expandable.
)This seemed effective at stopping our 8-9 month old playing with the power strip, and certainly he cannot get his fingers into the live sockets with this cover.
However, he could get his fingers into the gap if he wanted to, but I don't think that's a problem currently, maybe when he's older there could be potential for getting fat fingers stuck.
Also,maybe he'll be able to open it in the future, but the latches seem stiff at least for the initial few months, making it hard even for me to open!
It's somewhat hard to snap and unsnap together.
This is not the saftey strip you've been looking for.These are great.
She cannot force them open, and cannot get to anything.
Again my 15 month old has lost interest in even trying to mess with it.This is one of the worst products created for child safety.
But there also lies the problem with this.
The clips on the side are not easy to reattach.
So as long as you don't plan on opening and closing this a lot then it works great.... but if you need a cover over a strip that you need to access a lot, then this one will most likely frustrate you quickly!It was a pain to get all three clasps to close the first couple of times, but once you get the hang of it, it's not that bad.
The slit on top is just big enough for them to stick their fingers in, but they included 3 or 4 outlet covers so they can't play with the unused outlets.
I hate having to take the time to pry the thing open every time I need to plug something in, but I'll take the hassle over my kid shocking himself.The main downside to this product is that it only fits standard plugs.
Overall, I'd still recommend it to others.It's not flimsy to me at all.
I do wish the pad furnished was a bit thicker and softer but it's sufficient.
But this changing table is definitely worth the moderate price.We bought this for about 70 bucks and got 4 sage lined wicker baskets to fit within it for organization.
It was not difficult to assemble but you did need two sets of hands.
The only complaint I would have is that the changing pad is yellowing in strange spots (nothing to do with where it is used most).We purchased this table to go with the White Jenny Lind crib we bought.
We've been using ours now for 4 months and I have no complaints.I was hesitant to register for these covers because of some of the negative reviews I read...However, my son is now 3 months old and we love the covers that we use!
Some common complaints I have read mention shrinking, poor fabric quality, and staining easily; our experience has been quite different:-Shrinking is minimal (I generally wash in hot water because I'm getting poopy out, too)-Any shrinking that does occur does not prevent the cover from fitting, only makes it more snug (which I like)-Stains come out very easily with Dreft stain remover or Shout (neither alters the cover coloring either)-Of my four covers, two have loose threads from excessive washing (still in great shape-I consider the fabric quality excellent, especially considering the amount of washings these go through in the first few weeks!
They definitely make the changing pad a more comfortable surface for our baby- he loves just hanging out on them.
They do, however, continue to fit well on the pad.
I am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them, I won't be buying any more though.
I never used covers with DD and never had a problem.Washed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief!
They've never ripped for us and they get warm quicker (breastmilk) than typical plastic bottles.
Baby (4 months) is not gassy at all.
I have never had a problem with them a must have for new mothersHaven't used these yet because I haven't had the baby but looking forward to it!!!
Works great, met all expectations.I was under the impression that the liner collapsed as baby was drinking, but that is not the case, so I'm not sure how this system is any different than a normal empty bottle.The only thing it makes easier is cleaning, since I can just drop the liner in the garbage and use another one next time.Love these liners have been using for many years with all my kids .
never had a problem with them.I don't get the purpose of these since the air goes right back in during the feeding(got the special Playtex nipples and bottles).
Walmart ones are not as soft, but do the same thing stillI didn't want bottles with a ton of moving parts that needed to be washed carefully.
Using these allows at least part of the bottle to be clean every time, so you only have to worry about cleaning the nipple (and the bottle base, but that doesn't usually get very dirty at all).These drop-ins are okay - they are not an improvement over an ordinary bottle.
Yes, I can simply throw these liners away after using them, but since I still have to wash the bottle's nipple, this system does not save me any time.
However, the amount of spit-up is the same - not better, but also not worse.I have some Dr. B brand bottles.
Cleaning bottles becomes limited to cleaning nipples -- a far less difficult task.
The only complaint I have is that I pre-fill with water and dump in the formula when I'm ready, but when I put in the 8 oz.
I would use a measuring cup to make sure you get exactly how much water you want and not rely on the liner's measurements.We have twins so when purchasing products, it was all about investing money in things that would make our lives simpler.
The bag collapses as they consume the contents, which supposedly improves problems with gas but I'm not sure this system accomplishes it better than any others.
These don't come cheap so I don't think there is any cost savings associated with this versus buying a boat load of bottles.Since these are used for only minutes and then tossed away , and never heatedto a dangerous level, the baby is safe and colic etc .
I never had problems with this drop-in liners before although I did read another review that there's another liner that can be used with the drop-in nurser bottles, just as good if not more effective, cheaper and more count.
They are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk.
I have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when I was squeezing the air out, squeezed a little too hard and POP!
I recycle the plastics and I don't have to wash the bottles.these leak and don't colapse use the older rolled liners they do not leak.
Be sure to push the air out once the bottle is put together and formula/breast milk is it.
if you feel the nip, sounds weird!, it has a texture to it that other bottles don't.
most bottles nips are pretty "hard" unless you go latex...which scared me because I didn't want to find out the hard way that my baby had a latex allergy!
Hopefully this review is not too strange :)These drop in liners are worth every penny.
These are so easy to &#34;load&#34; into the bottles and have never fallen out, burst, leaked, etc.We've been using these and absolutely love them!
Can easily remove all air to improve gassiness and colic in little one.
If your fingers are not long enough, we sometimes use the handles of some of our kitchen serving utensils to aid in removing the air.When I am home, I use the Born Free bottles.
If you would rather not buy replacement liners, Playtex VentAire takes the same nipples and does the same job with a vent at the bottom, keeping a seal when the pressure of the milk is on it, and then allowing air in through the bottom to replace the milk as the baby eats.
I loved them because I didn't have to buy replacements and it did the same job!Perfect and fast sterile use.
I breastfeed and my son takes these bottles so easily when I'm not around.
I'm not sure how they would do with mixing of formula, but it seems it may not be so easy because seeing exact measurements are rather difficult.I recommend these to everyone!
Love love love them!I've been using the playtex drop-ins since my daughter was born and she never had much problems with her bottle.
No upset stomachs (I think she may have had 2 ever and she is now 19 months old) and spit ups were uncommon.
I know it's added cost and waste, but I am not willing to give up the convenience and how well they work for us.I love these drop-ins.
And you can't beat the price on Amazon (for 100).We used the playtex drop in bottles for our daughter and I do not have one bad thing to say about them.
We used the Madela bottles at first but she was having a few problems (too much air) but we did not have any issues with these.
We order all of our baby stuff on autoship (including the liners) and the price is unbeatable.Classic brand, and will be great for faux formula for 'reborn' baby dolls (they are very popular, and for me, a better option than a real kid :D  (I'm middle-aged and disabled, but do love a cute baby !!).
I'm so glad we did!
We've been using the 4 ounce liners for 4.5 months now and we have never had one leak or break.
Sometimes after pouring milk into the liners they will expand just a tad more once the weight of the milk pushes the crinkles out, but it's not a large amount at all.
It's  not that big a deal but I wish the bottle lines and liner matched perfectly.I don't have much time to go out shopping for things we need with a new baby.
You can not put the liner in the bottle first to fill it up, because the measurements on the bottle do not match up with the measurements on the liners, My husband always has a hard time filling up the liners because it is hard to hold it and add water since they expand.
Also, the numbers on the liner are very hard to read.I've been using these for almost a year and they are great.
Also not terribly expensive over the long-run.
Its great to not have to scrub bottles all the time!
And I believe it helped w/ her colic.
You don't have to worry about your child getting air in the bottle.
I guess Playtex decided to change their bottle sometime between our last baby and this baby.
The liners no longer match up and it's hard to see the numbers.
We decided to scrap it all and go with another brand completely, unfortunately.I love these, however the measurements are inaccurate.
Make sure you measure the water for the formula separate.
I was unhappy with both, and ended up coming back to these, even though they are a bit more expensive.
I can't go with anything else except for Dr. Browns bottles, I do have those also.When used with the slow flow nipple and the breast pump adapter kit this is the closest to breastfeeding as you can get.I bought the breast pump adapter kit and now i pump in these bags and never have to use a bottle holder at all.no more milk transfer from bottle to bottle, and no more air at all.
For medical reasons my baby could not latch and this allowed me to bond with my daughter and have gas free feedings and be literally as close to breast as possible.
But, come on, I'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes I forget, and I end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and I shouldn't have to check like that for a product I've paid for.
That's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.
Unfortunately, I've invested in Playtex bottles and Playtex nipples, so now I have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because I cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time I go to fill up a bottle.
They are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles.
This might be more an issue with the bottle itself than the drop-in.First few times I wasn't careful in positioning the drop in and ending up pouring the most of the milk on baby due to a bad leak.
After doing that twice I was more careful in positioning the drop-in.Conclusion it is a great idea, time saver on cleaning.So easy to use and not as much clean-up afterward.
Too bad Playtex is quite expensive.
I have not had any problems with these and they are so much safer and sterile than a plastic bottle.
I only use them because my baby like the latex nipples and not many other bottle brands have latex nipples anymore.
However I am always worried about this happening so I screw the nipple on very carefully.
You do not have to sit and wash bottles constantly.
The only difference with these are that they are expandable.
This may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion.
Overall, very convenient and in almost 7 months of pumping, I never had a leak!
Sure, you have a spend a little more to buy these liners but it's definitely worth it when I think of the time I save not having to wash bottles.
(Can you tell I hate washing bottles?
I cannot comment on the freezing aspect since I did not make enough milk to be able to freeze.
The only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner isn't fully expanded.
They work great, we don't have to worry about washing the bottle every time.
Great to have in the diaper bag as well - don't feel so bad using the changers in the bathroom with these!!
I use them mostly out of the house, but occasionally use them preemptively for messy diapers at home, too.
The only problem I've found is that the heating instructions included with the warmer are overestimated.
I am not sure if it's a different model from theirs.The warmer heats the bottle evenly and I have had no problems.
However, if you don't stand there and keep an eye on it, you are liable to forget about it and the milk can overheat.
That is the biggest drawback, though I am not sure how avent would change that, since if the warmer automatically shut off, the milk might get cold!
That insures that the bottles remain steady...and don't float.Overall, I like the warmer.
!I was slightly spoiled, so why not pass some of that on?I got this because it was one of those things I thought I HAD to have, not true, but is sure is nice.
I lost the little green insert screen, but this thing works great, even without it.There are also instructions for deliming the warmer if you have hard water, like I do.
It's not too difficult and can be done in 5 minutes.The bottle warmer works as advertised.
I like the aesthetics of it and it lasted without a problem through my son's eating-at-night period.It may overheat the bottle if you don't monitor it, but it worked well for us.
The problem with this warmer is that you can't let it finish, because if you do it the formula will be normally TOO HOT!
But this never seemed to work the same way twice.
The milk gets boiling hot in that time, and then it's useless and I have to pour it out because it's not supposed to be heated to boiling.
The switch is on the back and it's not clearly marked "on/off" either.
However, if you don't pay attention, it will overheat the bottle.
I usually use the wide-neck bottles so I don't have the "floating" problem but the few times I did use the slim regular bottles and did experience the floating bottle.
We also learned that the prescription only formula he now has to have tastes digusting when not kept very warm.Hence our decision to purchase the Avent bottle warmer.
I breastfeed, but have a hard time functioning in the middle of the night, so I pump during the day and warm a bottle for the baby in the middle of the night.
For three weeks I boiled water in a pot and held the bottle with metal tongs...not ideal for someone half asleep.
Avent Magic cup* Grounded 3-prong conductorCons* Overheats* No ON/OFF switch* An internal thermostat and an external timer would greatly improve this productMy Experience:Right off the bat, I was heating 10 bottles of breastmilk a day, as I was unable to breastfeed.
How difficult is that?
Moreover, now there's no more white, icky, stuff to clean off my pans.In all the time I used this bottle warmer, I never encountered any problems.
I overheated many bottles in the months I served warm milk, because I'd get distracted.
I almost never used the coolest setting, only when thawing frozen breastmilk, and I only used the 2nd setting when warming disposable bottles.
Many have complained about the lack of an ON/OFF switch.
I kept the EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer on the kitchen counter so the lack of an ON/OFF switch was never an issue.
Had I kept it at my bedside this would have been a huge inconvenience; although, a power strip would solve that problem.
An hour might go by before I realized my mistake.
I strongly suggest that you do not put the nipples on the bottles while they are in the warmer.
Found that out the hard way.
I would suggest this to parents looking for a small warmer.Before using to warm actual food or milk for my son I tested it out.
I couldnt tell when the bottle was ready and the light would go on and off and not warm the bottle or else get it to hot.
Might be user error but I didnt care for it.It does it's job.
My baby is not on solids so I can't say how it works on baby food.I've had this warmer for 3.5 years, and have used it for both of my boys.
And, there have been times, too, that I've forgotten to unplug it for hours at a time... my fault, I know, but another reason auto-shut-off would be great.This bottle warmer is OK.
It does its job but it doesn't automatically shut off when the bottle is warm thus causing the bottles to be overheated sometimes.
I like it much better.This thing is very hard to figure out.
We got it and I decided to give it a try just to make sure it worked.
It is expensive and it takes too long to heat a bottle.I like this a lot when I need to warm baby's bottles (I am not using Avent bottles but it works fine).
Be more simple!I first purchased another bottle warmer which I promptly returned because it did not work.
It's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.
But, in the middle of the night after weeks of bad sleep, the last thing you want to do is exactly that!!
The problem that I had with the bowl of water method is that I would over heat the water then have to do a cool down process.
It was more of a pain for us.I hated that you had to keep on top of it or you would never know how long it was in there.
If you put the bottle/jar in the warmer first and then add the water, the bottle/jar will not float or tip over.
It uses a coil to heat and I've heard that these type of heating mechanisms should be unplugged when not in use so that they won't get ruined, but there is an ON/OFF switch on the back of the warmer if you'd rather just use that.
(i.e no exersaucer to babysit, not bouncers, no ridiculous toys, no uneeded baby products, and yeah, no sterelizer).
And not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... That has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's house!
After I got over the sticker shock for the sterilizer and got it home, I couldn't see how we survived before!
New moms have enough to mess with, don't spend you few, precious moments each day waiting for a pot of water to boil, splurge on this item and you won't regret it!
Put this time saver on you registry.I bought this Sterilizer and I am so glad I did.
It is quick and easy to use, not to mention it looks great on my countertop.
You want to be sure your baby's bottles are sterile, but who has time to boil everything when you have a baby.
It has never leaked!
I didnt want to always have to boil the bottles on the stove either.
It has a permanent place on my counter top.
We have all avent bottles so i dont have a problem with bottles not fitting.
And not space consuming.
It also has a warranty just by the way, so those who have complained it packed up within a year, you could have had it replaced free of charge!I hated how the bottles were drenched after the cycle was complete.
It worked great!Another plus:  the two racks with the tiny holes (not the one that the bottles rest on) can be snapped together to form a "basket" if you wanted to throw stuff into your dishwasher.
I've never done that...I'd rather sterilize the bottles and nipples and stuff using the steam from the water and not use detergents from a dishwasher...my baby's not even a month old yet...maybe after he's older, I'll use that feature as well.
The bottles are usually still a bit wet when the sterilization cycle is done, but you can leave them in there to dry, or place them on paper towels (putting a paper towel over the top of the bottles helps keep them sterile).
The sterilizer also comes with little plastic tongs to grab things and keep them sterile, but I just use my clean hands and my baby has not had a problem.
I like the one by Munchkin.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;BUT if you still decide to get this, check it in the store first, because when I got mine home it was USED- it had obvisiously been returned (someone else thought it was useless too I guess) with milk residue on the bottles- yuck!Despite the concerns about BPA we are using these bottles for our daughter, and using canned formula to supplement breastfeeding.
Boy, was I wrong.
The sterilizer is actually a great place to store your pump when it's just been cleaned and not in use.This is a great product.
Just check with your Dr., because some cities (like NYC) have water that is already sterile.
Also, if you're breastfeeding, it's easy enough to boil water-- since you don't have to make as many bottles.
Pricey.I was not told by my doctor that I needed to sterlize my daughter's bottles, but I do anyway.
I live in an area with hard water and boiling things was not reassuring because the water left deposits on our nonstick cookware.
I use the Avent system and love this!Now that she is about 7 months I only sterilize once a week but this s so simple I do not regret my choice.
Being a nurse I worried about my daughter catching something....this was just reassuring.Great as a gift....I am one of those without a dishwasher, unfortunately.
I have to agree about making sure it's shut/snapped properly.
Boy, am I glad that I got this at my shower.
I have never used anything more in my entire life than I have this guy.
For some reason, I never felt comfortable anyway just depending on it and put the bottles from the dishwasher into this sterilizer.
Well, I found out later that it was a great thing I was doing that because our dishwasher was not heating the water the way it was supposed to and nothing had been sterilized!
I'm glad I did!
I and my baby hated the bottles that come with it though.
From the instructions it looks like other bottles fit easily as well.I use this daily and haven't had a problem with it - easy to use, easy to secure the lid and I use it for my bottles and dummies.Recommended if you are using bottles and especially the Avent brand.This makes it quick and easy to sterilize.
Let's face it, who is going to go and boil a pot of water everytime you needs to sterilize stuff (which is every day when you have a baby!
It fits all of her bottles and pacifiers in one process and it fits perfectly in my small kitchen when I am not using it.
It sanitizes in less than 10-minutes.I thought to myself, &#65533;How can I go wrong?&#65533;This appliance is user friendly, so to speak.1.)
Loading can be confusing if the instructions are not followed.
Do not skimp on the water, as it could cause the unit to burn.
Do not over-fill it either, as the unit may not produce enough steam to work.That said ~ it&#65533;s really quite simple to use.
I learned the hard way to wait before taking the sterilizer out of the microwave.
Plus, any steam that&#65533;s emitted can burn.
The contents inside the unit will remain sterile for up to 3-hours given that the lid remains closed.
Be careful, not all toys are dishwasher safe.
I never had any problems, except the occasional burn to my hand when I opened the lid too early.
Some might complain about the price of the sterilizer, but considering two, 9-ounce bottles come with the unit, it may seem more reasonable knowing they retail for $4.00 a piece.
This is one of those products that may not be necessary to have, but I am so glad that I do!I love this sterilizer.
Since I express milk and freeze it, it is reassuring knowing that the storage containers are sterile.
It's saved me so much time and hassle... At first, I didn't think that I wanted to spend the money on a sterilizer when I thought I could boil them myself for free, but this has more than paid for itself in it's first 3 weeks of use... A definate must have for new moms!!
It works quickly and well.I have used it daily to sterilize not only my isis breast pump... but also a hospital grade rented pump, too.
The older version was very similar but did not have specialized "compartments" to such an extent.
However, when I had to switch to Dr. Brown's bottles, I was in for a shock.
Apparently the Dr. Brown's bottles are just slightly taller than the Avent bottles, so they would not fit in this sterilizer standing up.
Its a shame because this is a great product, but I can't recommend it to people unless they know for sure they can use Avent bottles only.This product gets the job done.
But I use mine so much, I just keep it in the microwave when I'm not using it!This is a great item if you don't run the dishwasher alot.
Get a drying rack though, because the items will need to dry if you're not using them immediately.
Good item.Wash 4 bottles, place them in the provided tub and 4 minutes later you have sterile bottles you can use( and store ) for the next 4 feedings.
Sure, you can boil those bottles and those pacifiers, but let's face it: this is the 21st Century, and you might as well make use of your microwave.I did not register for this but bought it after my son was born.
I was sick of boiling water or waiting for a full load to run the dishwasher.
However, when i bought it, it did not include instructions, i later got them off of avent.com when i got a horrible steam burn from the product.
I was in a hurry and not paying attention and the steam hit my hand.
Also, remember not to sterilize more than 4 bottles at the time.
I used to boil water to have my first child's bottles sterilized.
But what about for some of us who don't run their dishwashers daily(maybe because it's not a full load yet).
It is fairly simple to use and much less stressful than boiling water, in my opinion.
My son goes through tons of bottles a day and its not convenient to sterilize them in this item.
I had a harder time with bottles just cause not many fit in it.
film on it, of course in the sterilizer..not..BUT please don't worry about being burned.
Common sense tells you what to touch or not touch and honestly if you do it once...you won't do it again..
Now, I wash the parts and then put them through a steam sterilization in the office microwave, and I pump with the confidence that I'm not adding harmful bacteria to my breastmilk.
I run the bottles & pacifiers though the dishwasher so I feel comfortable with the heat they get from that.
So glad to have had this!!!
I've never tried sterilizing any other bottles but the instructions specify how to place others in here so they fit well.
I'm glad I've never had to resort to the boiled water on the stove.I was told that I could wash our baby bottles in our dishwasher and I would not need a sterilizer.
Avent bottles fit perfectly in it (as I'm sure you already guessed), but it also fits all other bottles!
BOTH actually contain the basic Express II Microwave Steam Sterilizer which holds up to six (6) bottles or a combination of other items including microwaveable breast pumps, cups, etc.The only difference is that the SCF271/02 contains an ADDITIONAL two (2) of the 9oz/260ml  Airflex Natural Feeding Bottle and Nippple.Strangely enough as of this writing, Amazon is selling the SCF271/02 (the one that contains two extra feeding bottles) for a much lower price than the SCF271/07.
So until prices remain like this, know what you are buying and consider it a bonus to have the two extra bottles.TO STERILIZE OR NOT TO STERILIZE...WITH THIS MICROWAVE STERILIZER:The argument is not whether you should sterilize your baby products (or expose the baby to germs as argument in strengthening the immune system) because if you're searching for a sterilizer and reached this page, then I'm going to assume you agree with the sterilization process.The other argument in question is whether you are content with using hot running water and anti-bacterial soap or running a dishwasher and if these steps alone are enough to sterilize.
Too little water and you can end up damaging the sterilizer.
Your baby bottle should give you that info.Also remember to allow 2 minutes cooling time prior to unlocking the lid unless you want to be greeted with hot steam on your face and second degree burn or worse.HOW LONG WILL IT REMAIN STERILE?The manual further states that the items will remain sterile for 24 hours PROVIDED THE LID IS NOT REMOVED.
It is well made and there are no rough edges or protruding plastic parts that may have not been molded properly.The manual will tell you how to position the items in the sterilizer versus simply dumping them in.
So incorrect position may mean not creating a good sterilization process.When all is said and done, this is a simple sterilizer you put in the microwave.
I can still use the breast shield but there is a permanent dent melted into it.
I read everywhere that you do not need to buy a sterilizer if you have a dishwasher, but I don't run my dishwasher fast enough to have my parts and bottles ready for each feeding/pump.
You do need to prewash in soapy water, but I don't worry about scrubbing.
)- Its great for travel,not too big, not too small.- Very very very easy to clean- It does the job in 4 minutes!you can keep it anywhere because of its convinient size ( and its made of plastic!
This is certainly not a must if you have a dishwasher.
And if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!Be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones.
Even though I have a 1350watts one, I do it for 4 minutes just to be sure!
I tried boiling huge pots to sterilize all the bottles, pacifiers and breast pump accessories, and it took forever to boil and turned out to be too costly.
(probably not much difference between the two)  I have been using the sterilizer for one month since having my twins.
I'm not reviewing the bottles themselves - that's another topic.
I've never had any issues with getting burned or anything melting.
My 1 month old daughter is drinking 4 oz now, so I bought the 9 oz Born Free bottles and unfortunately they do not fit this sterilizer.
This is because the wipe warmers are considerably larger and do not actually fit flush in them.
The wipe warmer looks like it would just take a bump to send it tumbling and not very secure on the diaper depot.
Accessing newborn diapers is a bit difficult since the diapers are much smaller than those used for older babies but that's fine since we won't be using newborn diapers for long.
With the wipers warmer in the caddy, it's difficult to see the supplies on the back side and I can only hold a pump bottle of hand sanitizer or a couple of tubes of diaper cream.
Other than that, it's a handy product.I have recently started having a problem with my 12 month old kicking everything off of the end of his changing table while I am changing his diaper.
There's not much more to say, if you're looking for something to organize the changing station and want a practical simple solution, this is a great product.I have the diaper depot attached to the side of our pack-n-play and it is nice that his has all these compartments, but the larger section that I can only assume is for diapers makes it hard to pull diapers through the opening so I end up having to take the wipes that I have stored on top, off and then open the flap to get a diaper out.
The containers on the side are not huge and not very deep, but they are large enough to hold a few essentials (i.e.
It will not hold larger items (i.e.
The acrylic is pretty sturdy...it's withstood at least one drop and a few accidental bangs and hasn't cracked.My only one (very minor) complaint is that the clip at the top isn't wide enough to attach to the side of my changing table.
It's a bit inconvenient to have it in the front, but the opening only fits on the front (which is presumably what keeps it secure).
Overall, we've been very please with this and plan to order another to use on our secondary changing area on the pack and play in our family room.For us, storage space is an issue.
Just make sure your changing table has a rail for it to hang on (see the pic).I got this for my changing table and it looks great.
It is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem.
No diaper warmer will fit on it... not even the Prince Lionheart brand2.
We just use the plastic flip top box the wipes come in and it isn't a wipe warmer so it is smaller.
To solve the problem, we just bought industrial strengh velcro and attached it to the bottom of the box and the "lid" of the diaper depot.
I have the Graco basic pack n play and it does not have an attachment for diapers and supplies.
however, it does hang on the side of my changing table nicely and keeps all the little items together.
It allows me to have a complete changing station without having to go upstairs to the nursery...very useful since I had a c-section and going up and down the stairs is not the most fun thing to do.I bought this product to use on my Pack 'N Play.
Wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--I'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.
My only complaint is that the holders on the sides are not big enough for your standard - big baby powder.
The plastic it was constructed of was thinner than I hoped and that made the unit somewhat flimsy in my opinion and certainly not as sturdy as I had hoped.
It's very strong and easy to hook on the sides of the table (make sure that the edge of your changing table is not too wide though and be aware when you want to put  any wipe warmer on the top tray.
It is one of the few things that I knew I wanted with my second child that I didn't have with the first, and I have not been disappointed.
It is always neat and together, and I never have to look around for what I need.
This is a minor inconvenience for the organization that it provides.
If you're not ready to change them, the results could be disastrous.
On a side note, despite registering for the Prince Lionheart wipe warmer, I've learned that you never get exactly what you register for - especially on your baby registry.
That warmer itself isn't bad, but the compatible stand (Munchkin Diaper Duty Organizer) isn't what we wanted because it has to sit on a flat surface (like a dresser or table).
I wanted something more rigid and heavy duty.That's when I found the Prince Lionheart Diaper Depot.
This one holds a lot but is not large.
But if this wasn't there, I'm sure she would just find something else to do that is just as inconvenient.This is a great item to have on the side of your changing table.
Note: it only fits on the "front" of a changing table or play yard (the attachment arm/hook is not wide enough to hang from the sides).Update at 1 yr: still using this item.
We hated the thought of having diapers and supplies just laying around downstairs, but were not about to run upstairs to the nursery every time we needed to change the baby.
This solved the problem...everything is right at our fingertips for diaper changes.
However while it is ok for storing and organizing diapers, the fact that it only holds enough for 2-3 days is a bit of a problem.
The wipes being stacked on top, means that refilling it is not so easy either.
I was a little disappointed.pFits perfectly on our changing table and keeps everything nearby.
It is not huge which was great for me because our nursery is not huge either.
The first thing I noticed was that newborn diapers do not fit in the holder.
I considered using a cloth or something soft to protect the wood from the plastic, but quickly decided it's not worth it -- not only will it not work with newborn diapers, but it is also not left-handed friendly, and really does not give much storage space.
I would have given it 1 star but &#34;hate&#34; is too strong of a word.
I simply do not like it :)This was a total piece of garbage.
When I attach it to mine, it tilts downward and is not level at all.
The biggest complaint is that the wipe tray does not fit every wipe box or wipe warmer and we have the same brand name wipe warmer that made this product.4.
Although our crib is curvy and not straight on the sides it still holds everything just right.
As for the complaints about too little storage...we have a full sized powder, ointment, alcohol pads, a brush, clippers, and nail files in the side bins...which is more than enough stuff.The only complaint that we have is the diaper storage.
It is a weird size!
They also pop out 3 at a time...great if you have triplets but a pain if you just have one.
it very easy to put it together, i never had a problems with it falling down or falling apart.
The only thing I worry about is putting a full box of wipes in it, as I'm afraid it will completely break since it's already cracked.
My only whish is that the hinges on the lid, of the diper dispenser, could be made a little sturdier.Cheap material, I returned it.It is not sturdyenough to use ever day.I was even afraid tobrake before returning the stuff.~*My wipes warmer fits perfectly with this product.
It is well made with hard thick plastic.
It's not a perfect fit, but it works, and it sure beats running around to get diapers, wipes, etc.
It holds quite a bit of diapers for size 1 and I'm sure as they get bigger it won't hold as many.
Great price too!Like many other reviewers, we used this on our Pack N Play as part of a secondary changing station.
I love how this diaper caddy connected onto the side of the pack n play and we could have everything handy.It's useless.
Thanks to Amazon.This so inferior and cannot hold much.
This cannot hold any of those.This was cracked in the back when we got it so we sent it back and got our money back.There is one by this same company made specifically for dresser type changing tables.
It holds the essentials, not everything you bought for baby.
Or if you choose to use the top of a dresser like I did, you'll love the "Dresser Depot".Love it, and it is a must in our babies room, but the only drawback is that our wipe warmer (Lion Heart 2004 model) does not fit correctly.
Also our diaper stacker holds more and adds decor to the nursery's themeI bought this product to organize diaper changing items, in one of the photos it showed the wipes warmer of the same brand sitting nicely on the top, I got both products however the warmer is larger than the top so while it sits on the top its not stable.fits on my pack and play and just holds the junk you know,  dont think i could live without this item.
I was worried about limited space on my changing table, but this has fixed the problem.
My changing table and crib have sleigh ends and unfortunately this makes the end piece too thick to fit into the hook.
Be aware that this product is not for a crib or a changer dresser or table top.
The little baskets on the side slide on and off, so you can choose whether or not to use them.
I had to put it on the side and was not pleased to find out that it is not possible to use unless it is hung.
More bad news...
I purchased the Ultimate Wipes Warmer, which will not fit on top of the depot while it is hanging on the side of the changing table.
Perhaps these products work fine with a typical changing table, but keep in mind they do not work with a folding top dresser type.We have this at the top of our stairs.
It is obviously not he prettiest thing over a nice railing, but it keeps our little one safe and does not obstruct the view much.They give you a TON of ties.
the reinforced fabric trim that you're supposed to attach the netting to the rail with is not that strong.
i am not sure it is going to hold up with the kids.This net does what it says.
My older daughter could not just fit her head through but her whole body with no effort!
Until then this item is a great purchase to keep children safe.I hate to be vain but this looks awful.
We ended up using zip ties like some of the other reviewers and found that to work quite nicely for getting the netting taut.
We fixed this easily with a couple hand made holes, but they aren't quite as finished as the other holes.
Like I said though, once installed, this netting is virtually invisible and has been complimented on by many of our guests.Nice quality, fits well, and easily tailored to fit my application with little effort.
I didn't use the hooks and string that came with it because it looked sloppy and was frankly a bit of a pain to install.
Just make sure you get more than one if you have a long deck.... one wasn't enough for me and I need to get another one.When my daughter turned 4 weeks old we switched to the Primo Eurobath Tub.
Better price on this elsewhere... so be sure to shop around.I have 2 sets of twins.
get a little imperfection and save the 10-15 bucks.So in my situation this tub is just not worth the hassle, and it fits in the big tub anyway so its not even that small.
In the Primo tub, she forgets to want to, because it's just not possible or comfortable to try to do so.The only "con" of this tub for me is that it's not quite as cushy and comfy as our previous inflatable tubs, and the hollowed out areas in the underside can get water deposit buildup and stains and are awkward to clean, even with the Clorox bleach wipes I bought just for that purpose.Everything else about this tub rocks!
I can see us continuing to use it for quite a while longer, until my daughter is a little more mature and can handle the freedom of the big tub.
Even now she prefers to lay her legs on top of the stopper, not around.So for the first 4 months we used the infant bath seat made by the same company that was absolutely great.
And the stopper in this seat is much narrower and much more comfortable for a baby.My son moved to this tub when he was about 5 months old and too big for his whale tub.
I have never used the drain feature as I just tip the tub over when I'm done.
I though that I would get more use out of this, but at 11 months it became unsafe since he was trying to climb out of the tub (not the tub's fault).
wish we knew about this tub before, we wouldn't have wasted money over the first 2 tubs.excellent points on Eurobath --1. huge space -- width, length and depth -- giving the baby enough space to splash and play (safely, without fear of him slipping into the water).
works great for first-time moms who fear and dread bathing a baby!3.
The drain is my only complaint - we use this tub by placing it in our "adult" tub and the way the drain is situated we have to lift the Eurotub slightly to get it to drain (or place something under it to prop it up) -also: the drain cap should've been designed to open in the other direction so the natural water flow when draining wouldn't close the cap so easily.
It's growing well with him and he always seems secure so that we don't worry about him slipping around.
It is bulky and a pain to use.
Our daughter never liked it.
My mother didn't like it at all and she ended up getting us a very similar smaller version at walmart for 11 dollars, that was much more comfortable and actually fit in our sink.
Make sure you have enough counter space to place the tub on.
We decided we'll be hanging it in our bathroom out of the way, once the newborn phase is over.I think it will last throughout infancy and am glad we received it.My 9 month old son loves bath time with the Fisher Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub.
Only thing I did not like about the tub was that it's too shallow and my son is big for 9 month.
Which I would not mind if it was bit deeper so my son can get a better submersion but it's not any deeper than the FP whale tub.Main problem is that Flooring is too slippery so my son was startled everytime his bum slipped against the floor.
Always smiles and never wanting to get but yesterday for the first time, I saw him startled and whining to get out of the tub.
In fact he would rotate and splash around while taking a bath without a problem.
With Primo tub he stopped dead on his track, scared that he would slip.I supposed you can put a towel to offset the slipping problem but I think I'd rather look for another tub.we like that this tub is large enough to bathe a toddler in.
For my little ones who are not old/big enough to shower, this tub allows them to take a bath with ample room.
While my daughter was about average length and weight at birth, I found she slid around quite a bit in this tub.
The drain hole is fairly efficient, the molded plastic cradles your child, and the price isn't bad (try Buy Buy Baby or BRU - both are cheaper than Amazon for this product).
I did not have any luck with it, was very hard to bathe baby alone so I searched again and came across this one.
She was probably about 8 lbs when we started using this tub and it cradles her so nicely so I don't have to hold her up or worry about her slipping under the water.
I dreaded it because I was so spoiled by how easy this tub makes bathtime.
I am not chasing a slippery toddler up and down the length of a full size bathtub!It is a definitely a big tub compared to other models, but don't let that deter you.
(The only thing with the suction hook is that if it's not locked down the tub can fall, and when it does it is LOUD!
)I've never used the drain.
She is only a little kid - I don't think she gets so dirty that she needs a whole tub full of fresh water to rinse.
It was ok while we used the net but quickly became uncomfortable for our LO.
Now when I give my 6 month old a bath, I can do it on the counter not breaking my back doing it in the tub.It's no frills, no toys, lights just a tub.
The stopper has never leaked!This tub is great.
It is very sturdy and yet is light to carry and as our bathroom is quite small is hung on the wall out of the way when not in use.
I love the fact that as he gets older he can sit up at the other end and I won't have to use so much water as the large family bathtub for him for quite some time.
I have a narrow tub and was worried it wouldn't fit in it, but it fit perfectly!This bath tub is everything we wanted in a tub for our baby.
We started using this when she was 5 months; she could not yet sit by herself.
The side for the newborns in this tub makes them feel safe since the baby does not slips so easily.
Whether your new baby is lounging on the one side, or your older baby is sitting on the other side, it is a safe, secure and comfortable way to bathe your child.Do not be frightened away from this fantastic tub because of its size.
I am so glad she told me about this tub, since it is so big and he won't grow out of it for a long time!
He wanted to kick the water, but was kicking the plastic instead, which made him unhappy.
While lying in the infant side, he had the freedom to splash around, and I never have had a problem with him rolling over or anything- the sides help keep him from doing that.He's now 7 months old, and we've switched him to the other side of the tub.
It is too big to fit in my sink so I must put it on the countertop to bathe my 3 week old or be subject to putting it into my bathtub which is hard on my back.
It also has very high sides so it is very difficult to reach into it to bathe him; even though I am 5' 8".
For small newborns it is not as comfortable, they kind of slide around a bit.
I get annoyed at the plug to drain the water, the pressure of the water flowing through it closes it, so you have to hold it open to drain the water.We had a Fisher-Price baby bathtub that someone gave us.
I needn't have worried.
Since there is a toddler side I will be able to use this tub for quite some time before she transitions to the bathtub.
It can't easily be tucked away somewhere out of sight.2) The shape of the tub requires maneuvering to get all of the water out while draining since all areas do not have direct access to the drain.I works great as it has 2 sides.
Unfortunately we have to use it in the bath tub since it's so big which makes it difficult for us having to bend over all the time to wash her.
We don't have that much kitchen counter space so it won't work in that manner.All in all, our daughter enjoys it and seems quite secure in it.
She's not slipping around and she is well supported.PROS:-plastic seems durable, not flimsy-no foam/anti slip material in tub = less mildew, bacteria growth-has drain in tub-infant is well supportedCONS:-a little pricey-bigCompared to all the other tubs we saw, this one is a lot better in quality and function.
Never had a problem bathing my daughter in it.
It is quite big in size but we have ample counter space on the vanity so it works well for us.
But I have tiny bathrooms in my house, and have to place the baby tub inside our regular bathtub, which is pretty hard on your back.
Secondly, the infant section of the tub is quite large.
My only complaint is the drain plug must have been stuck in backwards.
My daughter just loves splashing around in it and it fits her little body so well that I don't worry about her slipping out or off of the infant rests while I bathe her.
I'm glad I have a basement because storing it anywhere else would be a pain.But the size is one of the reasons I love it too.
This tub allows you to wash your child with at least one, if not both, hands free.
She sits confidently in the eurobath because she's supported so there's no slipping and scaring her, and there's no worry for us.
I can wash her hair and her body without holding onto her or worrying she'll slide and bump her head, etc.
It's spacious and comfortable, he likes being in the water, other bathtubs have a seat out of the water.
We don't usually use the drain plug, it's light enough to just dump the water out.CON:For 0-3 months this tub had issues because it does not have the newborn sling.
You just have a soggy towel to wash after every bath which is taxing.This was too big for our two month old and he was very uncomfortable.
His neck is still unstable so I had to hold his neck the entire time while taking a bath rather than it whacking on the hard plastic.
She has never cried during her bath, even when I pour water over her head, because the seat positions her so that it is next to impossible to get water in her face or ears.
She still cannot sit up on her own, but with my assistance I have also moved her over to the deeper side of the tub so that she can play in the water.
I had a nightmarish experience returning through Marketplace, horrible experience for a cheap overpriced tub.
It is quite large and takes up a lot of space.
It is a little on the Big side...so if you have a small place, I would invest in something a little smaller...GO TO [...] they have this bath tub & another one that is a little smaller, so you can actually hide it under a cabinet & not keep it out in th open all the time because of how big it is :) Just nail it to the wall (back of door) like I did :)One thing I didn't understand when I registered for this online is that it's huge!
If, however, you bathe your baby in your own bathroom, consider getting the Sure Comfort tub that's smaller.It is huge and can be slippery but if your child loves water and loves to splash around this is probably going to be the right tub for you.
I will say, however, that after ordering it off of Amazon, I found it for a cheaper price at Babies R' Us so check around.I used this bathtub from the day I brought my son home until he was old enough to climb out of it on his own.
He stayed warmer and he was much more relaxed than when we bathed him in the standard baby tub at my parents house.
The only issue is it's size, but we found that it fits perfectly under the crib and we store all of the baby toys, towels and baby bath products inside.just make sure to use a thin bath towel under the baby to keep them from sliding so much, only issue I've had is that the piece for the leg split is too wide on the baby side, at four months my daughter still has a hard time having to sit there with her legs that wide apart...  it is just short of 4" wide on the baby side and not shaped for her legs to go over it either.This is a great tub for when babies have out-grown the infant type tubs, but can't yet sit on their own in big tubs.
My only negative comment, is about how slippery it is.
Once he becomes more steady, and aware of himself, it will become easier.It ended up being more of a hassle to use this then just jump in the bath with her.
My 5 month old seem comfortable in it.
My son is in the 90 percentile for his height & 60 percentile in weight.Now the reason why I gave it 4 stars: It is not ideal for newborns because it doesn't come with a hammock.
This tub does not.
In my opinion this is more ideal for babies who are 14lbs and up!We've been using this since birth for the past 4 months and it's working well.
The back seems a little slippery so we put an organic cotton diaper on it as a little pad to make things more comfortable.
But that's why you're never supposed to leave babies unattended in the bath.
I clean her thoroughly with wipes before each bath, so I'm not sure why this is happening, and she's never pooped in the tub.
Yes, it is big but we keep it in the bathtub of our spare bathroom all the time so it is not an issue.
If you only have one bathroom and are low on storage space, you would probably want to look elsewhere but if you have the space, this is a must!I don't use the drain feature, so that doesn't bother me (other people have said it's hard to drain.)
(I don't endorse this - a poorly built stand would present its own obvious risks).
I have taken baby into the bath with me more often &amp; Daddy helps to dry him off when we are done.Update at 7 mos (July04): Using more now that he is bigger &amp; harder to take to the tub with me (wants to crawl in the water).
Just press it in when setting up the tub to be sure.
We just squish one of his squirt toys between the walls of the recline and side of the tub and tuck the stopper underneath.I wanted something comfortable, safe, and high quality for our 4 month old.
While you would never leave a child unattended - it does provide a great deal of support.
I have a hard time getting my daughter out of the bath - she just loves being in there!
This side is great because it allows you to bathe the baby and he won't be sliding all around the tub because the moldings help keep him steady and secure.
Here is the one warning and tip I will give:  My second son was very active during bath time.
I will use it until my son has the same problem.
I don't think it's a problem with the tub - just something that you should be aware of and watch out for.
Reclines a newborn slightly, since htey obviously cannot sit upright.When baby is older, seat him on hte other end, where he can sit upright.This tub fits inside any standard bathtub.
It also matches our blue themed bathroom quite nicely.
Also the shipping time was great!You cannot go wrong with this bathtub!
Now after using the tub for about 6 months I see why everyone is so pleased.I have never had to bathe a baby before so I was a little scared at first.
There is also a way to hang it on the wall too but I'm not sure why you would need to go that far.I don't recommend trying to move the tub when it is filled with water due to it's size.
I can bathe him at a comfortable height without bending and kneeling.
Now that he sits well unsupported he would rather sit, which this tub allows.
My only complaint is the drain.
This tub is durable, very well built, does not look cheap.
She hated it and so did I, and to this day (18 months later!)
I use the other end of the tub (not the reclining end) and it allows him to sit up and the straddle guard  keeps him from slipping.
If you live in a small place, consider that because it is very large and difficult to store.On a side note, the packaging was beyond awful.
the box was damaged, not closed...bad bad badThis bath tub is humongous.
Definitely not for a 700 Sqr Foot apartment in the city.I was surprised at just how large this tub was when I received it.
If you are NOT looking for something large, this is not the tub for you :-)If you have a smaller infant (which I always do), I would think adding a sponge insert will help to allow even the smallest baby to fit.We love it!Saved the day.
She fits fine in this one and has just bought her mom and dad at least another year before they have to worry about putting her in the bathtub which they now do not have.Ok, this is the tub you need, folks.
Alex kicks his feet into the water, but I don't have to worry because he is held up by the raised center bumper and doesn't slip too far into the water.
Now he's over 20 months, and we still use it, and he's still very comfortable in it.
And the water is just covering her buttock (not even up to her waist).While Eurobath gives her so much room to play and keep her body warm with the water that cover up to her chest.2.
So basically it was useless!
Yes I am editing ADDING this particular benefits that I noticed lately too:  Have you ever had a problem after soaping your baby's buttock then when it times to rinse by filling up the water to the bath tub, you took your baby out thinking it is well rinsed but yet noticed that the buttom of your baby is STILL soapy?
Well at least I did.The FirstYears and Safety1st that we have only cover up to my daughter's waist: if I want to clean the buttock, I need to basically pull her up to rinse it (and pulling her in those bathtubs are not easy because not too much room and not to mention she is heavy too).While the Eurobath: because it covers close to her chest, I just need to slide her around to clean the buttock.
He's very comfortable in it since it cradles him & I love the idea that it can be used for so long.
We purchased it directly at the store which I see was wise since shipping can be so expensive.It is very big compared to the other tubs out there, but we just store it in our bathtub when it's not in use.Although rather large & cumbersome in my apartment, my newborn daughter was perfectly comfortable and secure in it.
I'd just like to forewarn you do not need to put too much water into this tub since they are reclined so deeply into, and the only con is there isnt any grips on it so once your kid finds out how much fun it is in this tub they can jump around and thus slip around a bit- not bad-- but wanna keep a close eye on them.I looked really hard for a tub that can grow with a baby.
The headrest of the tub is great for a newborn and I love that I can wash the entire tub and not worry about detaching and washing the support fabric that other baby tubs have.
I read the reviews on this and we are so glad we recieved this as a gift.
We originally bought one of the sponge teddy bear pads to put her on inside the tub, but found it unecessary and uncomfortable for her because she was now out of the water too much.
It is very hard to find anywhere to store this monstrous tub after the bath when it is damp.
The biggest issue is storage - it would never have fit in our old apartment.
I love how the sides come up and kind of hug my baby, I don't have to worry about him rolling over in it.
I would recommend this tub to everyone.Our 6 month old outgrew her 4 stage bath tub & I wasn't comfortable readjusting it to fit a toddler.
it fits in our bathtub perfectly.This tub is great to use for infants, but definitely not for newborns (unless you provide extra support, which defeats the purpose of this tub with a built-in support).Also, very big in size, so take it under consideration when purchasing.Hands down BEST BATH EVER.
It is big, but its not any more cumbersome than a smaller tub.
He is so relaxed in it!
Best out there on the market!If you're looking for a tiny bathtub for your itty-bitty newborn baby, this might not be what you had in mind.
It's not the sort of bathtub you plop in or on top of your kitchen sink (unless you've got a pretty big sink and you're very tall).
I used a bath cushion to give her extra support and comfort on her back/head when she was unable to sit up on her own.
I usually drain a bit of the water mid-bath and add more water to make sure I'm getting all of the soap off.He is now 10-weeks and loves splashing his hands in the water.
We tried to switch to an adult tub, but as he can't sit yet it was even more uncomfortable: my back ached, the baby was scared, and I was nervous.When my son turned 4 months, he weighed about 20 lb I couldn't wait anymore, and again searched net for bath tubs.
From day one, I absolutely hated it.
My daughter was born 7lbs 15oz and 20" long - She constantly was sliding around in this thing, or when she would kick and splash her legs would go around the "post" that was supposed to separate her legs and it would hit her privates hard.
She just could not relax enough to enjoy her bath, and she LOVES to be in warm water.Even with a sponge support she cried every second she was in the water.
A towel, sponge support, anything at all that might help A) make her not slip around so much and B)make it not so hard.
She will kick and splash, play with toys, etc.I would not recommend this bath tub.
It's a good idea, but the material is just too dang hard and it's not comfortable for little babies.I got this for my baby shower and I LOVE-Love-Love it.
Though this one does not come with an newborn insert I find the tub itself is so much smoother, softer and more comfortable for the baby then the previous one.
So she basically started having a meltdown every night because she was uncomfortable and couldn't stretch her legs out.
I am so glad I did!
This secures a small baby in the bath, keeps them warm and allows you to reach for things like washcloths and wash without fear of them slipping.
As our son has got bigger we've not needed the sponge and at 13 weeks he's now at ease in the reclining part without the sponge.
She had outgrown her washpod tub (which she also loved) but I wasn't comfortable putting her in the regular bath tub yet since she is such a squirmer.
I store it in the shower stall when I am not using it.
This tub, does hold quite a bit of water, but it even if you fill it completely full, it will only use a fraction of the hot water that the main bath tub in your house will use, so it helps you save on water and water heater costs as well.My daughter is 25&#34; tall and just under 16 lbs and just outgrew the Puj tub that I was using in the bathroom sink.
I do not need to hold herThe infant supportsI first used this bath for my baby's very first bath at 4 weeks (she was born 6.5lbs) and it worked very well!
I store this in our full sized bathtub (which we do not use).
The tub has a line that the water is not supposed to be filled past, just about at the same level of the tushie support.
I think this would be tough to have in a home with only one bathroom or only one tub that multiple members of the household use.This is a quality bathtub.
My baby hated baths until I bought this tub, and now he is much happier.
Also, the hard plastic is unpleasant for the baby, so I also bought the Safer Bather cushion.
I feel much more at ease using this than I did using the sink because I know that my son is not going to slip into the water.I was determined to not by a giant plastic baby tub because I lived in a 3 story townhome.
I read reviews previous to registering and I was so glad that I did.
It doesn't drain very well and you end up just dumping it out by tipping it over.The tubs works great for my 6 month son, but I could not make it work when he was a newborn...
It had a baby sling, but he hated the sling.
It is very safe and comfortable for him.
That means a whole lot to me.The only bad thing about this tub is that it is large.
So, I was worried that this tub was going to be too big for him.
The tub has an area where the baby sits that separates their legs and holds them in place (of course you need to also make sure you have your hands on your baby at all times in any tub).
This tub worked for my son for quite a long time (we used this until my son was a year old no problem) and it's so easy to clean and drain.
The baby hated it.The baby loves this bath!
)This would be super useful for those without a bathtub and just a shower!With a bad back and knees I have been bathing my child in the kitchen sink so that I can stand up, but she was getting far too big for it.
No longer do I have to hold onto our slippery baby with one hand and wash her with the other which is uncomfortable for the both of us.
She can lay back and calm down at the end of the evening whilst I wash her with both hands and not have to worry about letting her slip and I love that when she's a little bit bigger she can switch ends and sit up on her own.
I also wanted to use the actual tub for familiarization purposes as the little guy grows older.
It's not pretty, but it works.If you are looking for something collapsible or portable, this is not the tub for you.
It seems to be very comfortable between the crotch as she's never complained, and sits relaxed reclined or upright.
Some reviewers complain about this, but I look at it this way:  we have a tub/shower, and put this bath tub into our bathtub to bathe our daughter.
Even with a full tub, in 2.5 years we've never had a crack.I love this tub so much, we bought two more - one for Grandma and Grandad's in each state!
It is easy to load but not so easy to figure out how it loads if you aren't paying attention or are sleep-deprived.I don't know why the website will not let me have it at one star!
I DO NOT mean 5 stars!I bought the Diaper Dekor first based off these reviews online, and I hated it!!
I does not work at all.
No icky smells and very easy to empty.
It would get full if you put the diapers open.... What you have to do is Fold the diaper together with the wipes that you use, and you would see the difference...
What can I say?The other thing that drives me nuts is that the first few diapers I put in after a refill change never go in correctly.
There would be this long sausage of diapers which I found hilarious.
About the bad review on this product, are you sure you are giving a couple twists after putting a diaper in the genie?
Just put a day's worth of diapers in a plastic bag, and down the shoot.I used this diaper pail when I had my first daughter a couple of years ago and I did not like it at all.
I thought it was very difficult to use.
The refills were a pain to put in and like another reviewer said it twisted when it wanted to.
With the wide opening model, the opening is the right size to shove diapers in and keep any poop that clings to the outside of the diaper from depositing on the Genie.Save on refills by putting 2 diapers into the same "sausage", then twist only twice (not 3 times as per instructions) to contain them ...Our baby is 5 1/2 months and we've used it since first coming home from the hospital.
I sometimes use a Chlorox wipe on the inside when I empty it.We've also had no problems emptying it; just hold it above your garbage can and swing open the bottom hinge, after using the lid-mounted cutter (press down hard and twist twice).
Otherwise, it's kind of a pain in the rear.
Much less hassle and same results.It's not that the diaper genie is bad.
However, after using it for a little over 4 months, we have found that it is a pain in several ways:  1.
The refills are difficult to change.
And you almost never have time to unload it when this happens.
It makes a huge difference in how the changing room smells.
It is a little tricky.
He loves to go on about the poo-poo sausages that she is so talented at making...lol (Daddies are weird) When you get one make sure you read the directions twiceIt's a neat idea...the problem is...the replacement bags cost too much and don't justify the convenience.
If you shove the diaper down and accidentally miss the clips you have to reach down and pull up the messy diaper and wipes!
The refill directions are lousy.
It's hard to get the refill in, even when you do figure out the part that's ommitted from the instructions.
When I used the Diaper Genie, my son's room never smelled.
The inside gets  horrible smell like something died in it.
It is very hard to replace the refill.
And I did not notice it untill I tried to replace it so I already opened the origianl refill and some how broke the darn thing.
Once we got the hang of it, we realized it's pretty useless.
I can keep it next to the changing table and know my son can't get into it and won't smell his nasty poopies..We ended up giving this away.
If you do go with this one, make sure to get the removable caulk as the stickers don't work AT ALL.This does not stay on a brick fireplace.
Makes me feel more comfortable with him playing in the living room : )A new baby reaching toddler size presents a lot of difficulties around the house.
It's a tough question and no matter what you do, he'll probably find something you didn't think of.
No problem.
The don't stink like some people said.
I am not the type to worry about how they look with the rest of my living room, I just wanted PROTECTION and they have done that already.
I did have the problem with being about six inches short.
This cushion has directly protected her head a few times.Haven't had any issues with sticking.
Not sure if it's due to getting the product on right or his lack of interest and attention to it.
It didn't fit together right and then the adhesive didn't stick to the brick.
It never failed she wanted to go right to it and try to get it up.
It sticks to the brick without a problem and my 11mo old plays on our fireplace constantly.
I'm sure my kid will still find some weight to hurt himself but hopefully now it won't be a call 911 kind of hurt.Worked very well for when my son began walking at around 12 months and would fall into everything.
I'm afraid that this is going to get a poopy stain and gross me out to the point that I have to throw it away.
It is absorbant for times when you are mid diaper and there is an accident, and is much more comfortable than the plastic on the pad.
If you do not have the Simmons changing pad, do not get this product, but if you do, this is a great product to have.When I was a brand-new mom, eager to color-coordinate my baby's nursery, I bought terrycloth changing pag covers in almost every shade available.
i put them in the wash at least 2x a week, and after 5 months they haven't even faded (i have a blue and a cream colored one)I throw them in the dryer regularly as well and have no problem fitting them back onto the changing pad - which is an issue with most covers.
These are not the most durable covers made.
The maker of this product, Simmons, also made the coordinating, contoured changing pad we use, so that design flaw just doesn't make sense.These pads are soft and do wash well, and do fit and stay put on the coordinating changing pad, but I would recommend not using pads of this type at all for everyday.
We use these covers as cover ups only, when guests are coming and we want the changing pad to look new and pretty.Just change your baby on the uncovered vinyl pad itself, so that you can use the safety straps and can also clean the changing pad with antiseptic or other wipes after messy changes or when your baby boy wets all over it.Or, put a coordinating flannel blanket, folded in quarters, down on the pad for baby's head and shoulders to rest on if you think the pad's vinyl is too cold for middle-of-the night changes.
I stitched them back up, but it looks kind of cruddy and the material continues to unravel in new places.
I agree with one of the other comments regarding a slit for the safety strap...one is not present.
We will look for another option, but until we find one, this cover is not the answer!I can't believe how much this shrunk once it was washed!
It never made it to the changing table.
I have since bought a Carter's cover and am much happier.These changing pad covers are of poor quality and have not held up very well to washings.
In addition, the covers do not fit the changing pad very well and pull up at the sides.
Unfortunatly there does not seem to be any other choices so I still use the covers, but I also lay a waterproof multi-use pad over the top.
It cover the big fat rips in my vynil changing pads too, so that you would never know that its ripped.
We thought about replacing it early on but it was ok enough to just deal with the static.
I am very glad we did.
As an added bonus, I have not found this to be a battery eater.In my opinion having a moniter is not the most important thing to have if you are having a baby.
I don't get any static.My only real complaint with this is that it takes a 9V batter (or can be plugged in) but the battery is not rechargeable.
I found this one by accident.
I am very glad I found an affordable option that works perfectly for us.For the price, in a small home, it worked well.
In contrast, the Sony receiver is portable but the transmitter operates on AC power only.- The receiver is compact and has a belt clip.What's not so good:- The sound is not nearly as clear as our Sony.
Now, maybe if I wasn't using the Sony all the time, I wouldn't be so dependent on the lights.
And at night, I guess it's not an issue.
It was totally useless.
The static was so loud we could barely make out noises from the babies room.
This one had the least static.
We hate it.
I would not be with out one of these.
This monitor works well, with no static.
A little bit of static, but nothing compared to our other monitor.We had an expensive montior before this that had TONS of static and threw it right in the back of their closet once we got this one!Love the price, product works just as you would expect.
Minimal static, no interference that I've experienced.
I was wrong!
It turned out all the reviewers had problems with the hand unit frying after being plugged in to the socket for too long.
Wow what a difference!
This is the first monitor we've had that doesn't pick up cell phone static!3.
There is VERY little static associated with this monitor.4.
Even though you are limited to 2 channels we have never picked up any conversations or other baby monitors.CONs:1.
Although I remember the directions saying you can use it when it's not plugged in.
Not a problem for us but it might be for others.3.
I put this under both pro's and con's because while it's not an issue for us, it may be for other consumers.Bottom line is, I would buy this monitor again in a heart beat and wish I had purchased it in the first place.
this monitor does the job!It works well enough and I love that it has an outlet plug so that I don't have to run it on batteries but the sound quality is terrible, lots of static!
There is NO static at all and I can even hear my baby breathing!
Good enough for it's purpose.having this set up next to no electric things, no tvs, radios or computers still gives off a feedback that is horrible.
I then made the mistake of buying a second monitor for my second child's room when my old monitor conked out.
Unfortunately even putting each one on separate channels (there are 2 to pick from) the reception became terrible.
I could hear each bedroom from each monitor along with screeching static.
In my home which has lots of wireless gizmos it has really bad static.
You can't turn it up very loud or the static is deafening.
But I can normally still hear the baby cry with it down as low as I need it.You get what you pay for... For $17 you should not expect a lot.
It does its job, but with quite some statics in the background.
It's working OK for me, but I regret not spending some more for a better quality monitor.We got this free with a $75 purchase at Toys R Us so we took our original choice off of our registry.
Yes, you can hear the baby breathe but there is also a static sound like air rushing through.
Very buzzy with static!
I would not recommend it.
Now I am able to clearly hear when she wakes and begins playing with her crib toys and am able to respond before she becomes stressed.
There is occasional static but it is very low.
we can hear even very quiet things like our girl's soft snoring and the rustling of sheets.
i was a bit hestitant to order when i saw how many people had problems with the product, but thought it was worth a shot.I did not use this long because I could hear a lot of air, and it just reminded me a living in a scary movie, so i got rid of it.
Maybe I didn't do something right, but I'm just being honest.This monitor is awful.
Do not waste your money.
), and read several bad reviews, but when my son came home and I set it up, I was impressed!I've had absolutely no problems with static and I can go anywhere in my home or yard and can still clearly hear my baby breathing and the quiet television in the background.I was thrilled that it turned out great... and it was free!I owned one of these 5 years ago and it worked reasonably well, so got another one this time around (previous one was given to my SIL).
I don't know what they've changed, but this one is bad enough I'm going to break down and order something else.
Our other monitor always interfered with our wifi and had lots of static.
On a low volume setting, I can still hear my baby  when he makes noise but the static isnt bad.
If you are looking for somehting with no static - get another product.We bought this because my 2 year old lost the cord to our old monitor.
It made very loud static and if someone talked or cried, it would only change the sound of the static slightly.
Even though it's not THE GREATEST, it works great for being under $20.This baby monitor has amazed me.
I used this monitor every night and it never went out of range even in a house that big (at that point my daughter wouldn't sleep without music on, so I knew since I could still clearly hear her lullaby CD that it was working just fine).After that, I moved into my current 2600 sq ft home, and this monitor has performed beautifully.
I am seriously impressed by this product and the value is unbeatable.I was among the parents who were really upset by the news about BPA in children's bottles -- especially because I exclusively pumped milk for my son, which meant that his milk was not only served but also stored in plastic bottles.
We almost never used the larger bottles, because when filled, they just weighed a ton.
And if you've never been smacked in the face with a bottle by a toddler ... well, let's just say these ones are way more painful than the plastic ones!And, unsurprisingly, glass can break.
my only slight complaint is that i wish these came with silicone nipples instead.also, my opinion is that there's no need to buy a 4oz bottle since babies will quickly grow out of that stage.
On top of that, you don't need to worry about BPA.The only problem with these bottles is that they have to be screwed down just right to allow airflow into the bottle and prevent baby from gulping air.
She got so much air when she sucked on the bottle, we could not use it.We love these small glass bottles.
The smaller size is also more comfortable when feeding the baby.
It's nice not to have to worry about chemicals with these old school glass bottles.We didn't want The Boy drinking his milk out of any leechy, plastic-y material so we bought these.
These are not the type of glass bottles that will break when your baby squeezes their little hands around the bottle.
Those are not the kind of glass bottles you would want to buy.Lucky for you, this is not that kind of glass bottle.
I had to purchase nipples to fit these bottles and it's hard to find the right ones.
After swearing by Avent with my first, I never imagined the solution to feeding my second would be an "old-fashioned" type bottle.
Nevertheless this problem makes it a little unpractical when you have a little baby and you need to feed him as quick as possible and you are in a hurry.
The numbers in the bottles also are difficult to be read.It's inexpensive and glass - EXACTLY what I was looking for!
Don't have to worry about scary plastic chemicals.
I noticed that with my plastic bottles (NUK- although I love NUK nipples) would still smell funky after several washes AND having them in boiling water.
Also, Target sells this pack for $5.I don't know why people are still buying plastic bottles for tiny babies, it's not like they are going to hold the bottle, they are too young!
I have not had any issues with these bottles.
I have not tried the nipples that came with them, as I was given specific nipples to use that mimic natural.
I freeze milk in them and defrost them in warm water and we have never had a crack or break yet.
My daughter was able to hold them herself (of course we hover while she does that) and drink a bit when she was just a few months old, so they are not these huge and bulky bottles.
I don't know why someone said these bottles leak because I've never had a problem.
Glass bottles are hard to find in stores, so this is a great Amazon find!I like these bottles mostly because they are glass.
They do not include the plastic storage disc cover either and are only a dollar or so cheaper than the 6 pack.
Definitely not worth it and once I opened them to see if they contained the disc, I couldn't return them.Don't plan to carry these around in a bag, because they leak.
Also, it's very hard to get the top off of the part that screws on and holds the nipple, it keeps getting stuck and you have to pry it out.These bottles are great, and I had a hard time finding them in stores around me.
They do not seem to give her any problems with gas.
:-)  (These do fwiw screw onto my medela pump - so if hands-free is not an issue or you have a real hands-free bra, these may work well for you)Another problem with these, though, is if you store breast milk in glass bottles for less then 24 hours, certain components of the milk adhere to the glass and won't be released to the baby.
Now I don't have to worry about warming my breastmilk for the babysitter or my husband to give my little one.
Plus, in the diswasher the plastic bottles were never completely dried in the drying cycle.
Not a problem with glass bottles.These are simple glass baby bottles.
They're not fancy, but they have no nasty chemicals.
They are not expensive though, so it's not a huge problem.
Our daughter however did not like these as much as the Playtex drop ins.
I'm not sure.
They're BPA free, which means we don't have to worry about heating them.
I think the discoloration indicates that some damage has occurred.
I'm following other reviewers' suggestions to get the Sassy (MAM Assure Ultivent) BPA-free plastic bottles for trips outside the home and for supplemental feeding.I'm not sure what &quot;not impressed&quot; review meant by it bunches up...it depends on the mattress.
Quilting gives extra comfort and it's thick and waterproof.This mattress pad is soft, but not too cushiony.
Also, the waterproof element is located INSIDE the pad, so you don't have too much of the annoying plastic/vinyl rubbing sound or feel.
The pad has protected our mattress from many a baby attack.I recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition.
It's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourself.I use this pad in my sons crib on top of his sheets to prevent the sheets from getting stained/soiled too soon.
We are expecting TWINS this spring, and I plan on purchasing two more mattress pads for our second crib!I reccommend purchasing TWO for those middle of the night messes, that way you can change the sheets and pad in the middle of the night and not worry about washing the soiled pad till you wake up the next morning.
AND it shrunk just the tinest bit so to annoy you because it fits but not quite and you broke your nail trying to get it to touch the bottom of the mattress!
My Evenflo one you have to tug, pull, and stetch to get it on and even then it's not on perfect, a real pain.
I made the mistake of not reading the details.
I machine wash mine and air dry -- DO NOT put it in the dryer!My mattress is water proof plus I do not use it to change diapers.
They serve the purpose, but just get &quot;pilly&quot; after a couple washings.My baby would take the bottle with a lot of bouncing fussing etc.
But at 14.5 weeks I had to go back to work and there is nothing worse than A)leaving your baby to go back to work and B)being told that he won't take the bottle so that your normally happy baby is crying and fussy all day long.I was using the nipple that came with the drop-ins and it's very round and the tip seems harder and rounded too.
He took them right away, she said it was 100% difference and now he eats when I'm away.If you use this system and baby doesn't like it very much switch to these nipples and see if it helps.
They are very hard to find.. and I don't know why since it seems I am not the only mommy who is looking for them.
The flat nipple makes it difficult for my baby to get those last drops even if I could funnel the last of the milk into it.
They are no different from ordinary nipples that cost 50% less and my LO still hated them!
however, my breastfed baby did not like them.
the base of the nipple looks more rounded in the images than it is--it's actually quite flat.
it's too bad Nuk doesn't make a medium flow nipple, but these definitely were not a good alternative.My baby says they feel just like the real deal.
In our case there's also a little bit of nipple preference so I am not sure that it is entirely the nipple's fault (as in not being slow enough).
Perhaps in another month or two we'll revisit this review.The hole on these nipples is not always punched in the middle, and some was way off.
They are sturdy, none have broken or ripped.When you're ordering it can be a little confusing which size you are getting be sure to look at the size chart they provide to be sure you are getting the size you want.I purchased these for my baby girl I have used the other AVENT nipples for younger babies with no issues.
Great product, no issues.Los productos avent son los mejores para darles biberon a los bebes, son de muy buena calidad y excelente precio, siempre recomiendo esta marca.Love the flow of milk for my daughter but these do leak if not upright.
Definitely not ok for when my toddler is in bed, falls asleep, and didn't finish her milk!Order these for my newborn when the 2 hole nipple flowed too fast.
BOTTLE NIPPLES give baby CONSTANT FLOW, whether they're sucking or not.
On the breast, however, baby has nearly full control of how much and how fast milk comes out.
On a bottle nipple, if baby starts fast, of course they're going to have issues at first, until they slow down their sucking motion.I regret buying the MAM bottles (MAM 3-Pack BPA Free Bottle, Boy, 5 Ounce) after I learned how easy the Avent bottles are.
The MAM bottles work as intended, but are unnecessarily troublesome.
This turns into such a pain - literally - when it comes time to take the bottle apart for washing.
Once you finally do get the milk warmed and take the MAM bottle out of the hot water, you have to be very careful not to burn yourself or your baby with the steaming water that collected in that screw-on bottom through the vent holes.
When you're juggling a crying baby and a bottle at once, it's not convenient to have to use a counter edge to pop off a bottle's lid, but it's something I've had to resort to, unfortunately.
They are a little difficult to get clean, as they are narrow.I thought I need to change the nipples since my baby is already 100 days old :P. But after trying size 3 for four times, I'm certain that this size is too big for him.
Don't get me wrong, I like Avent nipples and I'm sure size 3 will work just as well as size 2 in the future, but perhaps it shouldn't be labeled as 3 mo+.....I have a 4.5 month old and these newborn nipples are too fast for my breastfed baby.
He also ends up with an upset tummy and is extra gassy because of them.
No extra parts to have to put inside the bottle and try to remember if you are supposed to boil them or just wash them.
It is just perfect.Love it.Have used this product with last baby I had and its always been effective and never any issues of any kind.These nipples worked great at first but about 2 weeks before we were to switch to the next size my grandson started to collapse them and he got a blister on his top lip from sucking so vigorous.
But we are still using these nipples just might switch him sooner if he starts to collapse the size he is in so he won't have to suck so hard or get another blister.I got these for my 9.month-old as i had already bought the number 4s and the flow was too fast for her.
Number 3s are perfect for her now at 9 months.my child seems to like these i have no problem with them except they seem a lil hard and large also the seal on the bottle has started to get leak.This is our first baby, so everything is 100% new to us, but overall, the Avent feeding system has been a real winner.
We didn't have the same problem with the other sizes, which lasted the full three months that Philips says they would.
Our kids's ability to *really* eat, and the fact that he has some teeth coming in, are probably contributing factors, but some of these nipples have lasted only a few weeks which leads me to believe it's an issue with the design.We're going to stick with this size, since our baby was getting frustrated with the slowness of the three-hole version, but will have to keep a close eye on the nipples to make sure they're not breaking and giving him too much milk at once.
These are great!Since using these nipples my daughter has had considerably less colic.
I had a difficult time cutting holes in the regular nipples to allow proper flow of this mixture.
It ended up flowing either too fast or not fast enough.
These nipples fit the original Avent bottles not the newer Avent Natural Flow bottles.
These do not work with our Avent bottles.
These bottles work great for my baby and her gas and colic issues.Our baby is over 6 months and we still use these nipples.
When I'm not at work she is breast fed.
Love this brand!I live in an area where it's hard to find anything.
Every store had stages 2 and 3, but I had a hard time finding the size 1.
!I still use these nipples for my 1 year old when I have to pump from time to time and he's never had any issues with them.
These are the newborn flow ones and although they are the slowest, it's still not slow enough.
Does not interfere with breastfeeding.
Our baby never did the jump to the largest ones (I.e.
I'm not knocking off any stars on this review because it is not really a defect or downside.
I know it's a myth but I have noticed a slight difference!A few things you MUST remember when using rice cereal1) Experience shows mixing rice cereal with breastmilk you will have a thinner mix.
Now remember # 1 above, BM is thinner!3) Avent bottles:  Biggest complaint is leaking.
Test it by shaking the bottle over the sink (this saves you from messy babies!
As with all products, there can be "user" error at times.
I am sure some leaking is the actual bottles fault, defects do happen.Also, why Avent?
Our pediatrician told us these are the worse brand of bottles on the market for newborns and shouldn't be used until the baby is at least 5 months old.
The reason for this is because the nipple is too large for a newborn to latch on to and they're unable to get enough.
Not sure if the nipple should be slower or if my baby has a super strong suck and is a voracious eater.
These Avent #1 nipples have the same problem: they are just too darn fast.
I guess every infant's needs are different.I wouldn't know if this product works or not because it doesn't fit the bottles I have bought from the same company, i.e.
Make sure you have the right bottle before you buy this.I added 1 tsp of cereal for each 1 oz of formula and my son was able to eat without any issues.
I'd definitely recommend these.We like Avent brand nipples bc they are durable and not overly flexible.
Nipples are not as flexible as other brands (Playtex for example) which helps against excess dripping when my son wolfs his formula down.
These do seem to be a slightly slower flow than other medium level nipples however.
I'm so glad I did!
All you have to do is line up the I, II or III with the bridge of the babies nose so no need to reposition nipple by taking it out just simply turn the bottle (I did call the Avent help line to make sure I was doing this correctly).
They hold up over time & my son has had zero issues with them - no gas, no hesitation when transitioning from breast to bottle, nothing.I like that I can just buy these and not have to also buy the bottles.
Sometimes he can take the 3 size but this one is the most comfortable with.This are a little harder consistency than the size 3 nipples, which is good because now my 6th month old daughter is sucking too hard on the size 3 nipples and they are caving in.
If still not enough, make a few more OR make a couple with a hot needle.
I use it with my first daughter and with my little ones too.Our son has bad congestion and it takes a lot of work for him to eat.
Have not noticed more spit up or gas with the level 3 compared with the level 1.
I started to play with the nipple by pointing it sideways and I barely squeezed it and the milk came out quite effortlessly.
After waiting a few days I tried my son again on the bottle with the other nipple and the same problem arose the milk was just coming out too fast.
I'm sure if we had been installing one piece of furniture, moving it to the left or the right to attach two straps to the studs (or each shelf had been significantly wider) there wouldn't have been any problem, but for our setup it didn't work.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any other options that didn't involve using a stud (I anticipated this problem).
Once you had them screwed in place, they were difficult to adjust to make them tight.
Its an added peace of mind having these in case I am ever not there to catch a falling dresser.
My husband said these were pretty easy to install (and he's not the handy type) and that they took no time at all.
They are secure to the wall and piece of furniture and I'm confident that the furniture will not topple over when my toddler is pulling and leaning on it.I had incredible difficulty installing these and had to give up and return them after the screws that came with them kept breaking.
Screws were not a problem.
They hold everything to the walls and you don't see them which is an added bonus.You can never be too careful when you have toddlers at home.
I'm not one of those moms that has the entire house baby proofed.
I believe more in teaching my child to not touch certain things so that when we go to other people's home that are not baby proofed, she will "survive".
Beware, there are still quite a few draw-backs.
The first one is that it's difficult to install.
My son has pulled it down several times because I cranked and cranked, but I still didn't get it quite tight enough.
Also, the two touch points on the bottom for some reason fall out of the gate when it's not installed, so if you're storing this gate or not using it all the time, it's super easy for one of those things to fall out in a closet or something, a toddler to walk off with them, and then never see them again, and then your gate is wonkier than ever.
With stairs, it's difficult to get it level and tight between a banister and a wall, especially because banisters don't have a lot of flat space for the touch points, and secondly the step pedal often ends up not on a step, and so when you step on it, it can pull the gate down again!
Which requires hands to operate.Nothing wrong with the gate itself, but not as convenient as I thought it would be.It's been less than a year and now for some reason we're having a really hard time closing 2 of the 3 gates (the ones weuse most often).
Not sure why this is, but we have to bang really hard to get the gates to close.
We tried fiddling around with it, reinstalling, but still stiff and hard to close.
We have another Dreambaby automatic closing gate that was not that great to start with but that at least performed the same for 4 years.Original Review:First of all, love Amazon.
2)It is also nearly impossible for a toddler to get through because you need downward weight to open it.
It had an actual knee plate and it had a wide, sloped base which seems to provide more stability and prevented toes from kicking into the base.
The Amazon photo is incorrect and one of the pics shows the older version, which they do not seem to make anymore.
Our other gate I was having to step over each time and it was a real pain.
The installation was simple and unlike the gates that drill into the wall, this gate does not leave holes and can be moved easily.
Be sure the use the wrench it comes with which makes it very easy.The measurements it gives you are pretty accurate for the max length it can do, our stairway is just over 39" and it barely doesn't fit with the first extension so we had to add another.I bought this gate yesterday.
Unfortunately it did not work in my very unusual doorway.
I can leave the gate open, walking through is a bit narrow for my wide hips, but I don't have to turn sideways or anything.Get it, you won't regret it.
it's a tall gate so i don't worry about her going over it at all and it takes force to push the step down but easy to do.
it was very easy to install - I did it myself in under 10 minutes.I love the idea of the pedal, who wants to mess with handles when your hands are full?I did read some negative reviews before purchasing this gate but most of them seem like user error... it clearly states in the instructions that this gate is not to be used on stairs.UPDATE:  I have been using this gate with the New Baby.
I have no doubts or bad things to say about this gate.
Still loving it!I have several baby gates so it's not that I didn't install it right.
I cannot imagine a child being able to open it because it does take quite a bit of pressure, in fact, our two year tries to step on it and can't budge it.
Like other reviewers, I should mention that when you order the extension it's only ONE extension (I think about 5 inches or so), not two separate extensions, which is a little misleading in the description.
It does take quite a bit of elbow grease as well.I expected the gate to swing closed more easily.
I do find myself using my hands most the time to make sure it's closed, but if I do have my arms full it can definitely be operated without my hands.My baby girl is 8 months old and spends a lot of time standing at the gate (and pulling on it).
It's not so easy to take up and down quickly.We are so glad that we bought this gate.
And, the lever action foot pedal is a little heavy for smaller adults, but man this thing has taken a beating and never failed.I purchased one of these back in 2003 (for our dog).
Surely it would not cost a lot more to include that piece, and I think parents would be willing to pay a few extra dollars for added safety.Fortunately I was able to find another product that solved the problem for me:Tee-Zed Dreambaby No-Trip Gate Ramp, WhiteIt's not as perfect a fit as the original ramp, but it still works very well.
The foot pedal requires a lot of pressure, so my five year old has a hard time getting in and out, but that is okay because sometimes I want to keep her out of the kitchen, too!
The installation was a breeze, and the gate has not moved a millimeter since I put it up despite being pulled on by both the baby and the five year-old.
And what pleases me most is that I cannot find a place anywhere on the gate for fingers to be pinched at any stage of being open, closed or closing.
Great when I'm taking groceries in the house and don't have an extra hand to fiddle with one of those tricky gate locks.
Because we were not using it around the stairs, we wanted a metal gate, that was pressure mounted, and swung open - easy, right???
Better yet, it closes automatically by bumping it shut, unlike some gates that require a hand to *close* them, argh.One complaint I've heard is about the foot pedal breaking off.
We've had it up all day and the dogs jump on it with no problem.
you should regularly check it to make sure it's securely affixed to the door frame.
But this is *NOT* designed and should never be used to guard the top of a stairway.I love this gate.
Not only did I find it not TOTALLY hands free, but it blocked her bedroom door from completely closing.
We bought 2!We have a 1 year old and a 4 year old, and neither one of them can open this gate because they are not heavy enough.
The only downfall, which I've seen mentioned a few times before, is that the available width space doesn't match up with what the gate says it can support.
So if you get this and are running to the border of width, add that extra extension for sure so it's not wobbling.
The bar on the bottom took only a couple days to get used to and with the ramps on either side it helps with not tripping.
It says it's not approved for use at the top of the stairs because the only gates approved for use at the top of the stairs are hardware mounted ones, so I just put it in the hallway right before the stairs and works great.
I'm not sure how old the people's children are who said they can open this gate, but mine is 1 and there's no way he's strong enough.
If it were shorter, I could still close the door and leave the gate up.It takes quite a bit of force to open it with the foot pedal.
The key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1) the width of the gate opening and 2) the latch mechanismFirst Years - Hands-Free Gate-----------------------------cost $50 & extensions $15 / gate is 32" Tall / fits 29"-34" doorway width / 1.5" bar to step over / gate opening 17"- My gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17" wide!
I wouldn't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it.
(This certainly won points from my 6'2" husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others).
I figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out.- This gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths.
The gate has about 2.75" pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions (more 2.75" spindles as additions - 2 per box) to provide the most width flexibility.
if the gate says it fits up to 37" and your door opening is 36.5", it won't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34").-  It doesn't have its brand name printed on it anywhere (a plus in my book) so it's totally white.-  It has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1" high (seems less of a tripping risk).-  This is the one that has the highest rating from Consumer Reports.
Depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc, you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly.- Had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall.- Were pretty easy to set up.- All look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them didn't look "cheaper" to me than the others.Please remember that for safety, only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs, so don't use any of these for that.
Good luck with your own purchase!I thought this idea seemed great since my hands would be full once our baby arrived, but it did not work for us.
We bought this for use in a doorway, but the foot pedal stuck out so that we never would have been able to close the door.
Everyone who has used it loves it because there is no fussing with latches or handgrips.
The dogs are constantly trying to get at the cats' food and litter box.This gate is actually a replacement for another gate we had to keep the dogs out, but it was flimsy and hard to maneuver around.
If you have an active child like mine, you will have to go in and out a lot.
Several times i trip over it and it's not fun when you bang your legs into the gate.
It's worth every penny!I love the idea of this gate but was not able to use it due to the hard wood flooring - decorative baseboards.
Thought it would clear it , but it did not.
The only problem I have now, is that my child closes the gate all the time.
I thought that he would have to turn sideways to get through the door and would not like it once used on a regular basis.
However regular gates are such a pain, having to step over them, is a hassle.
It combines the security of a permanent mount with the relative ease of installation and occasional portability of pressure-mounted models.I had two irregular doorways to fill in with child gates so our scootching 13-month old could play safely in the area.
I tried this, and the pedal will slide but not allow the gate to open if the top is tight.I have only a few minor caveats to convey:- when installing it, make sure you follow the instructions and use the little plastic wrench (included) to do some fine-tuning tightening, so that the upper latch is the required distance from the catch (a wrench-width).
Installing and de-installing the extension, as I noted, is a piece of cake.- this is not "portable" the way a simpler gate is, but can be de-installed and re-installed in less than two minutes.
The opening seems a little narrow, but overall it's not bad.I RECEIVED THIS FOR MY BABY SHOWER AND AM VERY PLEASED!
I'm not sure if the paint on our walls is cheap or if it's because there are just too many layers of paint or what, but I ripped a large chunk out of the wall upon moving the gate.
Very sturdy and nearly impossible for him to open on his own.
My 19 year old grandson put it up for me as a means of keeping our dog limited to a certain area of our house, and to keep the grandkids in a more controlled area as well.
It's pressure mounted but it held up quite well to my girls shaking it in protest.The problem is with our baseboards...  and I think most people have baseboards like this so it seems like a huge design flaw.
We have really wide 6" baseboards (not common) but at the bottom of that is a bit of round molding, maybe an inch, inch and a half high - and this is where the problem came in - and don't most houses have this??
You should not have to cut your wood work!!!
Make sure you fill in the gap underneath!
I have two complaints, but they do not outweigh how much I like this gate:  First, the gate was difficult to install.
The first gate stopped locking shut -- which is obviously a problem for a gate that is supposed to keep a 2 year old out of places.
The problem is that the spring-loaded plastic peg can actually separate from the spring inside the end of the swinging door.
This time the foot petal stopped actuating the pin, so the door will not open.
After putting the pieces together, the issue became very clear -- the metal pin is tapered quite substantially in two places -- which is exactly where the pin broke.
With people putting significant force on the foot petal to open the gate -- dozens of times a day -- is really unacceptable to have such an obvious weak point in the design of the metal pin.The problem with the pin being broken is that there's clearly no way to actually reassemble the foot petal to the actuating arm -- even with a good pin.
Upon contacting the manufacturer's customer service, they confirmed that there is on way to fix the foot petal and there is nothing they are willing to do to address the broken gate.In the end, we regret having bought these gates, and I am rather disappointed that the manufacturer doesn't seem to acknowledge these design flaws in their gates.
My 18 month son knows how the gate opens, but cannot open it because of the weight required to push down on the lever.
The only negatives I encountered were:1) The first Hands Free gate I purchased was not painted properly, so I had to return it for another one.2) I had to buy the 5&quot; gate extension for the gate to fit in the doorway.
So, in the end, there are additional costs if the opening you intend to use the gate for is not that narrow.
This doesn't make for a secure fit in our doorways, and it is unusable anywhere else.
Part of the problem is that the entryway is extra wide--over 50 inches--and we had trouble finding gates wide enough just to fit.
This gate should be usable until he's at least 35, if not 40 pounds.
In addition, since it's made of metal bars and not some sort of crisscross pattern, my child cannot stick his toes in it and try to climb over--all he can do is step up on the bottom metal bar, which is only about 3 inches off the ground.As an added bonus, the gate is tall enough to keep kids out but not so tall that my cat can't jump over it easily.Only caveats I can think of:+ You have to tighten the tension screws periodically.+ The gate opening is a few inches narrower than would be ideal, so if you're "wide" like me you have to get used to kind of side-stepping through it.+ By default, the gate makes an audible "click" when it closes, which can wake a light-sleeping child; but with a little practice, you can get it to close soundlessly.+ The wrench provided for tightening is plastic, and once the tension screws get tight the wrench tends to slip off them a little too easily.All in all I would definitely recommend this gate to anyone.
Nowhere in the description does it say that this gate should not be used at the top of the stairs.
Our stairway is 35 1/2 inches wide so we did have to get the extension, it is not wobbly at all.
I gave it 4 stars only because I was under the impression that it had a knee plate that you could bump to open and mine did not.
The foot pedal is even hard for an adult to open if you don't put your entire bodyweight down on it--making it impossible for little ones to open.
Would've given it a higher rating if it weren't so easy for my soon-to-be 2 year old to rattle the door and open it quite easily.
These ones are a little more expensive, but I've found that after being spoiled with the foot opening contraption of these gates, I simply cannot live without that feature in another gate.
my child can not open it.
They did not even email me to let me know.
Maybe it was for the hurt that not receiving my gate caused:)Our little one is rolling and starting to crawl, so we bought two of these gates, one for the top of our walk-up stairs, and one for the hallway.
The material is very sturdy, so even if a toddler tried to pull herself up on the gate, it would not come undone.
The gate door also works both ways, an important feature.The one negative as far as I can tell is that when coming up the stairs, it takes a little extra coordination to step on the foot pedal.Definitely recommended.I needed a gate that would keep my active baby out of the bathroom from the bedroom.
It was a little pricy, but definitely worth it.This is a sturdy gate which does not damage the walls.
You come to absolutely dread going in and out of inferior baby  gates.
Recommend trying "Baby Buddy Bear Pacifier Holder" Love them.It looks cute but  the wire is too short, the clip is big and hard which hurts my baby if he touches it.I love Winnie the Pool which is why I bought this.
Junk, do not buy!It is ok, but only works with certain kids of pacifiers.
It does not work on gum drop brands.The clip doesn't stay closed on most clothing.The product was cheap and easy to attach to my sons' onesies.
I liked that this was not a metal pacifier attacher.saves headaches looking for pacifiers that seem to always get lostplus it is cute and doesn't tear clothing when it gets pulled offSince my granddaughter loves Winnie the Pooh , this was just perfect.She plays with the Pooh clip and the strap hold the pacifier .I have a medal banister on my stairs and have been having a lot of trouble getting a gate to fit.
We were going to get two, but only got one to make sure we'd like it.
We didn't want to drill any holes and our gate sits at the bottom of the stairs just like in the pictures, only on the floor not the first step.
Only complaint was my box had no directions in it.
Not sure what other options we had for mounting to our round staircase baluster.
i wasn't sure abt tension gates but this is great, no drilling and it's very sturdy.
The key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1) the width of the gate opening and  2) the latch mechanismKidco Center Gateway:---------------------cost $85 & extensions $24  / gate is 29.5" Tall  / fits 29.25" to 37.5" doorway width  / 1" bar to step over / gate opening 22"-  Has the widest gate opening (the space you walk thru, not the doorway that it fits into) of any of them - about 22".
(This certainly won points from my 6'2" husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others).
I figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out.- This gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths.
The gate has about 2.75" pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions (more 2.75" spindles as additions - 2 per box) to provide the most width flexibility.
if the gate says it fits up to 37" and your door opening is 36.5", it won't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34").-  It doesn't have its brand name printed on it anywhere (a plus in my book) so it's totally white.-  It has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1" high (seems less of a tripping risk).-  This is the one that has the highest rating from Consumer Reports.
I wouldn't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it.
Depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc, you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly.- Had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall.- Were pretty easy to set up.- All look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them didn't look "cheaper" to me than the others.Please remember that for safety, only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs, so don't use any of these for that.
Installation was not difficult at all.
This means that you must constantly flip pages when reading the instructions.
You can see my review there but the thing that is pertinent here is that they only included limited hardware in the box which would not work safely if installing the gate into dry wall (even when there is a stud).
So, instead of including another set of screws that would've cost them about $0.90, Kidco likes to make busy parents go buy that stuff themselves.Well, this gate has its own torturous surprise for busy parents who are trying to multitask every hour of the day.
However, because there is no mechanism holding these extensions into place, this means that the parent installing the gate must use two hands to hold up the gate, make sure each of the 4 separate extension brackets and two separate support bars, and the 4 metal extension bars which the brackets slide over (none of which lockinto place in anyway) don't fall off, all the while trying to tighten one tension screw at a time...
I cannot even explain to you how two limbs are not enough to get the job done and still remain sane by the end of the process.Throw me a bone Kidco!
*The opening is plenty wide enough to walk through without having to turn sideways (and I'm not a skinny minnie)*This will probably work if I need to install in a doorway to keep toddlers in their room, and not conflict with a doorknob (just guessing).
its not sturdy like this kidco gate - I'm spoiled!
I mention this because I will go back and get another Kidco gate - I feel more comfortable knowing that it will hold up to two toddlers hanging on to it and I don't have to mar my walls.I recommend this gate and would purchase it again (even new).
(I don't use this for pets, but this would be good for smaller animals or those not jumping due to the height of the gate)I cannot believe I waited until my 3rd baby to buy one of these!!
I use this carrier all the time and even my husband has started to use it and he originally said he would never put a baby in such a contraption.
It hold the baby very securly and is comfortable to wear.
Easy to get baby in and out of.I love watching my partner carry our baby in the Baby Bjorn,or "Bjorning the baby" as we call it, because poor Daddy is a real baby fumbler.
Now that baby is around, I love putting him in the carrier and taking him around, not just because I can free up both my hands, but mostly because we get to spend quality time very close together, and the movement when I walk seems to soothe him (unless he's hungry, of course!)
We bought the brand new one (not the one pictured above- it's the new 2003 model) It has the attatchements that slide in on the sides, making it a sinch to put on.
WORTH THE MONEY, in my opinion!!
It is very comfortable to use, even as your baby gets heavier.
I washed it and it faded a bit but I still feel the Bjorn can do no wrong.
An ansolute must and a fantastic gift idea (maybe get a few people to go in on it to help if finances are a problem).Baby Bjorn was a gift.
I never thought I would use it.
That did not work and I did not feel she was safe with me pushing the cart and carrying her.
I thought I was never going to be able to leave the house without my daughter crying her head off!!
Luckily, my mother-in-law was feeling generous with the baby gifts, and she bought us one.At first, my son hated it.
More often than not, though, he would thrash his head around and mash his face into my chest.
Boy was I glad we hadn't paid for this!But we kept trying...Once he was big enough to flip around...  he loved it!
Dealing with a baby who is teething but lacks the developmental skills to hold and use a teething toy is maddening - so this is a great little side benefit to the carrier.The first few times I wore the Bjorn, it did feel a little hard on my back.
(He's a big 4 1/2 month old...)I have no fears of him falling out of this thing, it holds him quite securely.
At about that point, we both start to get a little fussy.
My husband liked the sling when the baby was little, but I was never comfortable using it.
It was a lifesaver for me and my colicky baby.
I put him in it when he was fussy and I needed to get things done, or go out.
My biggest problem with the stool is that the underside of the stool is made with a plastic grid and once my son fell on it when the stool was upside down and had to go to the hospital and get stitches in his knee.
It's large enough for my 3 year old to get both feet on comfortably but not so bulky that it gets in the way in the bathroom.
It seems indestructible.Some reviewers complained that it tips if a child steps too close to the edge.
Which I am glad.
Good buy.This product is not the safest step stool for kids especially little kids.
Also the stool is quite small and both of my kids have fallen from it few times because they will step on the corner first and before they get the chance to put the other foot up they are on the floor.
Before I even decided this will be a definite return my kids did not care to use it almost as if they were scared to go on it.We love these at our house.
The rubberized bottom never ever slips and the stepping surface is also non-slip.
It is a little short, but I'm not sure higher would be as safe anyway.
This step stool will not budge, with all the rubber grips it has.
I looked at another step stool in the BRU store when I bought this, and its rubber already looked icky just from people testing it out.
I just wish this company had made this with two steps...one is not quite high enough for the sink we have.Even so,  I would recommend this quality product.We already had a plastic step stool from Target and a heavy 2-step wooden one but were not satisfied with either of them.
I'm glad I did.PROS:- Very sturdy- Entire step surface is covered in non-slip rubber- The base also has non-slip rubber- The underside does not have any sharp or jagged plasticCONS:- Premium priceOur plastic step stool we got from Target worked, but was not ideal.
Whenever I put my fingers around the bottom to move it, I'd poke myself with it and silently (sometimes not so silently) curse the thing.
The larger wooden 2-step stool worked great for reaching the sink, but it was just bulky and moving it so adults could use the sink was inconvenient.Both my kids have used the Babybjorn Safe Step Stool for about 3 weeks and have never come close to tipping it over or falling.
In my opinion, accidents happen.
I wish it was a tad taller or had a step because she still can't quite reach the sink.Got this for grandkids for the bathroom, but we end up using it in the kitchen so the kids can help.
At nearly 3 years old, he can get up-and-down from the toilet seat on his own, but he's still not even close to reaching the faucets on the sink.
After years of regular use, they still look brand new and have not deteriorated in any way.
Unlike another review I read, I find it hard to tip these over.
My kids have never slipped on these and they use them daily.
This stool is very sturdy and because of the rubberized bottom does not move on the floor which is a big plus.
I have never had a problem with it moving or tipping over.
It seems completely safe, it is pretty innocuous looking, and we have no complaints.
He can't quite reach the faucet yet, but it gets him close enough that with a little adult help he can wash his hands "by himself" which is all we need.
No tipping and not bulky.
I imagine if your child is not as tall, this stool may be too short.
It never budges.
my only issue is that its not wide/long enough.
Unfortunately, this has not been the case for us.This stool moves easily along the tiles as my son climbs on and off.Also, it is too short for use as a sink stool.
I'm sure that next year we will get a lot of use out of this stool, when my son is bigger and is using the toilet in earnest.
He's not quite tall enough where he can use it to reach the sink in our bathroom, but getting closer.
Have not noticed any difference between this product and cheaper step stools.
I'm sure that my son will love it to when he is a little older to reach the sink and things.I purchased 2 of these, one for my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law's home as they are beginning the potty-training task with our grandson.
He does not use this for climbing onto a toilet, so I cannot tell whether this will work for him.
But it's just too short so it's that not helpful for allowing a toddler to independently wash hands or step up to the toilet easily.
It is light enough for my toddler to carry around and short enough that I don't worry about her falling off of it.
Would buy this againMy toddler is 20 months old but is quite tall for his age and has begun using this to try and reach the sink to wash his hands.
Note that this could also be a disadvantage as an unattended to child could be standing on top in a heartbeat when not wanted.
The disadvantage of that height is that my 20 month old can't even come close to actually putting his hands under the faucet to wash his hands and I still need to hold him.My recommendation is to know what you are using this for and understand the dimensions of this item combined with the height of your child and about how far they can reach.
If your child is tall enough to benefit from the Safe Step-this is a reasonable value for a safe, sturdy item that will not slide around on the ground or break easily.Great little light weight non slip stool.
It's very stable and does not tip even if she steps near the edge.
It's not very high, so I think it would be difficult for a child to really hurt themselves fooling around on this.
I also use this stool to sit on next to the tub while bathing my son, saves my back!i use this cuz my baby is too short but already active and wants to bounce/etc.
Same material on top, which is not slippery, but never sticky.
Best of all, it is not one of those surfaces that attract lint and gunk - that drives me nuts.
My daughter also found them hard to drink from being that you need to tilt your head all the way back once the cup is half empty.
Pick up the travel sealing disc accessories and you have a leak proof system for diaper bags.Philips Avent Sealing Discs, BPA-FreeI'm not sure if Avent sells separately the little clear discs that go inside the sippy lid, but that would be great if they did.
The material is a sturdy plastic  that wears well after multiple washes and being thrown on every hard surface imaginable.
My only complaint is that the sippy piece is a little hard.
Whenever we are out and he gets upset, I pull or swing the bugs and he stops.
Only problem is that the jitter toy (the firefly) broke a long time ago, before she even got to the point where she could pull it & enjoy it.
The beads may as well not even be in the tail, since they are pretty much non-functioning.2) The dragonfly is also supposed to buzz and vibrate when you pull it down.
It does, but it only buzzes/vibrates for a split second, not nearly long enough for my baby to even realize what's going on!3)  The grasshopper is supposed to rattle, but when I shake it, I can barely hear the rattle sound coming from inside its body.
They not only keep him busy but I dont have to worry about him dropping them.These bugs are a lot of fun anywhere.
I had never seen him that excited before.
I just velcro one on to his wrist or the stroller or highchair and I never have to worry about him dropping his rattle or toy on the nasty floor wherever we go!We put these bugs on our infant seat a few weeks after our daughter was born.
A must have!Older Medela pumps need the 12 V lighter, which is frequently not sold at Babies R Us.
Do not be confused and get the wrong size of volts.
It saved a lot of time on long car trips by not having to stop every couple of hours and waiting for me to pump.
It says that the pump may be more intense with the use of the adapter, but I never noticed a difference.If you need to pump in the car for any reason:Working full-time, during lunch.Long trips (vacation) during the summer.Privacy.Asking someone to drive, while you pump in the back (cord long enough).
Be sure to check the voltage on our your pump before purchasing, some are 9-volt, not 12-volt.Works great- has same power as a wall charger if not better!
Works perfectly!This product great while it worked, but within a month of using it, the metal part of the adapter broke off and I have been unable to use it since.
I used it maybe 4-6 times in that first month - not sure why the metal is so flimsy.I purchased this thinking it would be an adapter to hook up the iPOD in an older model car.
I have not found a use for it but there must be something electronic I have it will work with.I bought this yesterday when I knew I was going to a "tailgate" party where I would be away from the baby and having a few drinks, and I may have to "pump and dump".
!I am sure it works fine but just think about buying it before you do.
I decided to purchase before going on a road trip and I am glad that I did.
I am very glad that I bought this as it has an even stronger charge than my plug in adapter.
It is not cheaply made either like some cords!!
!Keep in mind that this adapter is not for new Medela pumps.
My only complaint is that the plug does not fit snuggly into the pump, so if there's any tension at all in the cord and/or you move it just wrong, it will come unplugged.
They have a soft backing against the breast/nipple instead of rigid plastic, so comfort is key here.
I'm wearing them now, and I can't even see them through my t-shirt or feel that they are there (I actually lifted the shirt up to make sure they were properly positioned, and they were!).
My only problem was that if I didn't wear them e.g.
Wearing them 24/7 did cause some irritation initially but breast milk solves everything, and I make sure to air the area out after every feeding and keep them clean and now this is not a problem.
I also find that as long as I don't wear anything low cut then nobody would know I was wearing them, I am not on the huge side so I don't know if that makes a difference.
The cups are very comfortable to wear as well.
(And from all the other information I have learned since the last time around)Not sufficient to help baby latch.
I waited, and it was quite an ordeal.
You will save yourself considerable misery if you wear them in advance (but not too far in advance, or you can induce premature labor--talk to your obgyn).They just didn't work out for me.
I am sure that they are great and all, but not for me.This is my first baby and I got very sore and cracked nipples from breastfeeding him.
(If you do this, wipe off the A+D before breastfeeding/pumping as it can be harmful if ingested by baby.
They seem to make me leak more, as I rarely leak when not using these.
I can see them being useful for collecting milk while breastfeeding.They are larger than I imagined them being, but they aren't very noticeable if you wear a padded bra.These shells saved me from severe pain when my baby was a newborn.
We have a great nursing relationship because I was able to power through the pain in the very beginning.I found these to really help heal my nipples but found they left a sore ring around the outer edge of my breast from pushing into skin under my bra and were not comfortable to wear.
This works fine at protecting me even with some of the issues I had prior to giving birth.Although they seem helpful for certain situations, I wasn't too impressed.
I'm still glad that I have them in case someday they prove helpful.These can definitely be a life saver during the first 1-2 weeks when you don't want compression on the nipple and you want them to air dry.
I have small breasts so I could wear them in any bra, and I didn't have a huge leakage problem, so I changed the foam twice a day.The only problem I had was that my skin broke out where the rubber rested against it.
Bottom line: the relief was worth any minor inconvenience.my girlfriend complained of her nipples being sore from breast feeding and these had great reviews so i got them.she loved them, they dont touch ur nipple to aggravate it yet still catches any leakageThese shells gave me instant relief from sore nipples associated with breastfeeding.
It was ruining the whole breastfeeding experience for me, and I felt so guilty!
My only complaint is that the cups can fill up sometimes (if you have a let down between feedings), and if you're not careful you can leak out when you bend over or to the side, even with the foam inserts.
So be sure to check them, like whenever you go to the restroom.
Once you are aware of the problem, though, it's easily managed.
The only thing what is bad on them are those holes what start already in about a half of the shelf.
I was unable to have any cloth pressed against me, which meant I was in pain even going to the doctor's office to be checked out.
Remember that the opposite breast will let down when you start feeding, and the sponges do not soak up all of my milk.
Since he was on my lap I wanted something to secure him since he was not buckled in.I read that some flight attendants will make you take this off during take off and landing.
It is so cramped on the plane and it made it a little tricky to get the vest on him.
It was very scary since we were ready to land and then all of a sudden we are going right back into the sky.
The description says for 6-24 months, but I cannot fathom a 6-month-old that could possibly be large enough to wear this.
Normally it would not be a problem, but I'm very upset now because I purchased the item on sale and they would not exchange the item for the smaller size even though they were the same price.
So now not only did I miss out on the sale price because I had to cancel the order and order another one, I had to pay to have another one shipped out to me.
Unfortunately, Northwest Airlines gave us quite a bit of grief on half our flights with them.
This was even after we showed the card that specified FAA allowed its use during the inflight portion (not cruise and takeoff).
Buy this and visit the website for more info on how to ensure airline staff that it is approved for cruising altitude (not take off or landing which is not clearly explained WHY).
I'm not sure about the regulations that others mentioned in their reviews but none of the attendents on either AA flight told us we could not use it during takeoff and landing or had us use any other type of security device.
Their only mention was that the vest was cute.The big issue with this item is its poor construction.
It doesn't seem like it will last too many more flights or another wash.I succumbed and bought this thing out of fear but turns out there's no way my toddler will sit still in my lap for this long and since you can't use it during take off or landing, not sure what the point is.
The baby had on a blanket sleeper so I wouldn't have to worry about lost socks or shoes on the way.
This is more a flaw with the design of airplane seatbelts then the vest though.Flying business class they do not allow car seats, so the only choice is to have our baby as a lap child.
We were so happy to find this simple vest that keeps our baby from becoming injured during severe turbulence.
Make sure to get the right size, pay attention to the neck opening size on the vest and measure your baby's head circumference.This was not very useful for us.
We ended up nursing baby throughout our flight (nursing is recommended since this helps with baby's ears' popping), and the strap on this flight vest is not long enough for baby to lie on my knees while i nurse her.
So that meant we didn't use this vest at all!C&oacute;modaIt's quite possibly the sleep-deprivation causing me to have missed a complete description of these, but upon receiving them the instructions say they can only be worn 40 minutes at a time.
They're ridiculous-looking and huge so there's no way you would wear these out of the house anyway; not even around the house in my opinion!I found them difficult to position and keep in place - you probably need a tight fitting bra/top.
It's also quite awkward to pour the collected milk out of these.
So even for their intended purpose I'm not sure they are great; however, I don't know much about alternative methods for collecting leaking milk so maybe it's the best you can do.What worked for me instead was to use Lilypadz Silicone Nursing Pads to prevent leaking from happening at all until I'm ready to nurse/pump that side.I purchased these to attempt to use with my breast pump (Medela Freestyle) to ease the pain and to wear at night.
The did not fit on the flanges and I lost a lot of milk when I attempted to use them with the pump.
When I attempted to wear them to ease pain and collect breast milk, that also failed.
The shape is weird (which means they cannot be worn without being very noticeable) and they seemed to leak no matter what I did.
It works very well and It is comfortable and easy to wear.I used these a few years ago with my second baby, and it didn't seem to have as much information on the product at the time.
I can't remember how long I wore them after feedings to relieve nipple pain, because the feedings were ALL THE FREAKING TIME, and sometimes if my kids fell asleep afterwards, I forgot them on (they were not uncomfortable initially).
Mainly, I would recommend only using these for very short periods of time.I will probably try them again with my next child, now that I've read a little more information on how to use these (like having one on the opposite side that you're using during a feeding, etc).BOUGHT THESES FOR MY DAUGHTER IN LAW AND SHE SAID THAT THEY WERE UNCOMFORTABLE AND THAT SHE WAS UNABLE TO USE THEMi was not fully awake (caring for a newborn and all) when i ordered these and thought i was ordering extra breast cushions for my pump (which would be nice) so clearly i did not read carefully and was surprised by what i got.
(and that is not an easy decision because I'd hear my baby cry every time AFTER I finished pumping!)
The only problem is because the plastic doesn't mold perfectly over your breasts, milk would sometimes leak out on the edges/sides instead of letting the cup catch it.
But even if it leaks, these are still lifesaver because at least I won't be in pain anymore and am able to get some rest until my baby cries.I wish I knew about these when I was still pregnant - I dealt with crazy engorgement pain when my milk first came in.
Back then I was in so much pain and was so sleep deprived that I could not process any advice.
You would be surprised how much gets collected.I just wish they weren't a hard plastic.
If I used them for protection of clothing or for sore nipples I would not have rated them as high as I did.
They set nicely over the nipple, but certainly do not cover much more than the areola area.
The shell that fits on the breast is comfortable.
I would not recommend these to wear out when you are going to miss a feeding and know you will leak.
Also, I wouldn't recommend them for the sore nipple problem either if you are large breasted.Initially, I purchased the Avent breast pads, thinking they would suffice.
However, I found them to be itchy against my already irritated breasts.
These are big and bulky and I hate the design of them compared to other shells.
Plus i hate that they only recommend these for a certain length of time.Maybe good for moms who struggle with breastfeeding but I thought it was really poorly shaped and uncomfortable, there is no way you would ever wear this under clothing outside your own house!These definitely keep my sore nipples from chafing or sticking to my bra.
They look funny thru my shirt, kinda like a pointy Madonna bra, but who cares when you're in agony from cracked nipples?
My only complaint is that I wish I could wear them all the time.
The directions say to not wear longer than 40 minutes at a time since they put pressure on your milk ducts.
Also they're apparently comfortable enough to put on while feeding.However!These are not 5 star because... they don't hold enough milk!
I opening of the Avent shells is much smaller so it almost keeps your nipples pushed out, however, the Avent definiately show under your bra much more easily.
Both are comfortable and I forget I'm wearing them.
But I prefer the hard shell to insure my sore nipples are protected.
You can't wear these out with a regular bra because they give you a weird shape.
This lets you collect milk for future use and doesn't waste it.You absolutely cannot wear these out in public!
They do not match the contour of the breast at all so there's a totally weird bulge on your boob when you wear them.
I find that I go the longest without nursing through the night, so this offers a great way to never waste a drop!I have a 1 month old and a 2 year old, I wish I'd found these 2 years ago!
I also itch a bit and worried about thrush, but when I put these on the itch goes away and since it's plastic, I get a nice cooling effect initially.
The only thing is I'd never wear these in public as they make a weird shape under the shirt.
The only problem is that sometimes the milk gets between the silicone and the hard plastic which sometimes causes it to leak and I then wake up with a big mess.
I also wear them during the day when my nipples get worn out from feeding, helps the pain!Good product for the breast feeding moms.
my nipples were very soar, and I tried to wear these things for a day but they kept moving and actually made my pain even worse.The breast shells fit a bit awkwardly on my breasts.
Not bad though, and they do work well.
Maybe a few times right after my baby was born, but never again.So, the product is well made and has good materials, but I didn't see the usefulness of it.Finally relief for my poor boobs!
:(These do save mik and allow your nipples to breathe, but there are things to consider before trying...If you have short nipples you should be aware of the following:-  The back piece has a hole that is not flush with the breast.
MESSY to remove at that point.-  You have to wear a nursing pad over the bottom of these for the reason listed above, or wear a soggy shirt.If you have large breasts you should be aware of the following:-  These are not shallow, they stick out almost an entire inch.
I am a 38DDD and these things made me look like I had GIANT mounds for nipples.- These will really press into your breasts and may get uncomfortable for anything over 10 minutes.For all gals with any sized breasts, know this:-  You can only wear them 40 minutes at a time, according to the insert, because they put undue pressure on the base of your milk ducts.-  When I rest one of these shells in my hand it is bigger than my palm, be aware that these are not small or discrete; you would probably only want to use these at home or if you didn't care if people think you possess giant, puffy nipples.-  An hour after I used these my left breast had sharp pains, I PRAY it isn't an indicator of a blocked duct.
FYI: I had no pains before using these.I gave 3 stars because they do what they say, just not very comfortably.
If you look at the silicone part it has a weird yellow tinge to the silicone.I'm going back to my Medela soft shells.
They were made in Switzerland and the silicone looks clear not yellow tinged.I bought these for my wife when her nipples hurt from breastfeeding.
They protected her nips from further pain.
I am sure glad I have no need for them.
:) I end up saving about 2oz every time I use the shells while I feed my baby so I was able to start my little frozen milk stash.After I gave birth, my nipples cracked and bled, I was in terrible pain.
I don't use them now in month 7, but I used them ALOT in the earlier months.I use these at night when I nurse to catch the let-down on the side baby is not eating from.
I hate wasting precious breastmilk!I've had sore nipples and excessive letdown leaking from the minute baby was born, it seems like, and these have been so helpful in dealing with both of those issues.I agree with everyone else: you CANNOT possibly wear these out of the house and hope no one will notice, but for around the house, they're great at what they do!
I will second the opinion, too, that these should not be worn for more than 45 mins to an hour, because they do put uncomfortable pressure on the breast, and I did develop a minor plugged duct after forgetting and leaving the vented ones on for a 3 hour nap.
The wool pads contain lanolin, so they soothe the nipple, and because they're not holding the moisture in with plastic (and because wool wicks away moisture so well) it's incredibly healing for the nipples.Using both wool pads AND these breast shells have almost completely cleared up my nipple soreness issue.
Amazing!It works great if you are sitting up straight and have it perfectly sealed, which is sometimes hard to tell if you are sleep deprived.
Several times I have leaked through my shirt worse with this on because it wasn't sealed right or I tried to kind of lean while my lo was feeding.
It's hard shell, not soft one that I hoped.
when I put on with bra, feels hot; when took it off, the milk  still spill out, lost the purpose.I will not recommend this, disposable pads works better.These were a huge help getting started on my first baby.
I bought them on a whim and boy was a glad.
They are there to get air to nipple, (you don't want them getting dried out, that just makes the pain of feeding much worse).
Unless breast milk is flowing abundantly, the Avent Breast shells is much more reasonable and cheaper to bootThey are pretty bulky so I never used them.
I never worry about dropping him when he is in the Bjorn.Our Bjorn has been through the washer and dryer several times and is only showing a little color fading.
If she was fussy I would carry her facing me and she'd be asleep within about 3 minutes of me walking around with her.
She loves to look at everything and everyone and I like having her in it so that people don't try to take her from me - she has stranger anxiety :)This is one of those items you must have....I use it when grocery shopping, because realistically you cannot push a shopping cart and a stroller at the same time, nor can you really put the baby in the car seat carrier and have room in the cart for items...  Also great for around the house.
But after 3 months, when my son weighed about 15 lbs., it became uncomfortable for me to carry him in this.
It's pricey, so try to borrow one from a friend,(as long as the carrier is not more than 2 or 3 years old) if you can.I registered for and received the Fisher Price Secure Embrace.
Big mistake it was the most uncomfortable thing that I could find.
Anyhow needless to say I was very unhappy with the  Fisher Price carrier and then went in search for a replacement.
I carry him around in this a lot and I have to say that I never get any backaches and he never complains from being in it.This is by far the best carrier on the market...believe me I tried them all with the baby in them.
Only complain, baby outgrew it.
We did get a lot of use out of it though before that.I am so glad I registered for the Baby Bjorn carrier.
If he's fussy we just put him in it and he calms down immediatly.
Well, that wasn't the case - at least not in the beginning.
My newborn hated it.
He was uncomfortable with the forward facing position and didn't like that he couldn't see out the sides.
When I took it off I had such extreme back pain I immediately took 2 Alleves - something I never do.
It was still hard on the back, but I concentrated on keeping my knees bent and a bit of a "pelvic tilt."
He often just falls asleep in it (and he's a tough sleeper).
- I know I can use it until 25 lbs, but honestly I'm not sure if I'll want to at that size!
He seems to be busting out of it already.
Great for the mall, ball games and walks.I found the Baby Bjorn to be a very comfortable way to wear my baby.
I was only able to use it for about 4 months because my son was big and it was difficult to carry him when he exceeded 15 lbs.
The only reason I do not give this item 5 stars is because, in the front-facing position, my son's arms would often turn blue/purple unless I physically held them up.
The material under his armpits somehow cut the circulation off to his arms, and no amount of adjusting his positioning seemed to solve this problem.
I liked it too because it would calm him down when he got fussy and it made carrying him much easier.I think it is tricky to get on and off though - takes a little practice.
I did not have him in it for more that 1/2 hour though.
The only downside is that if you are busty its not always comfortable.
Facing in, it kept him close and kept his head steady when he couldn't do it on his own.
Best of all, it's easy to get on and easy to get the baby settled into, even without any help.UPDATE: At 6 months and over 20 pounds, my son still loves the Bjorn and it's still totally comfortable to wear.
They are top of the line, high-quality, and as comfortable as baby carriers get.
But, once they can hold their head up some, the Bjorn, in my opinion, is much more hassle-free and comfortable than a sling.I find Baby Bjorns most useful at the airport, and other crowded places (the mall, etc.)
It is great for when I have to shop alone, because I don't have to worry about putting his infant car seat into a shopping cart, which gives me extra room for purchases.
Our first was a little fussy in her first 5 months or so.This carrier feels safe when putting the baby in and taking the baby out because of the strong clasps.
It can be shoved in the basket of a stroller because of its soft and small structure, thrown in the wash without worrying about all kinds of special instructions, and used at a moments notice because of its great design.I just love carrying the baby around in my Baby Bjorn.
I can take him out in cold weather and feel his body heat against my sweater while covering him under my coat.My baby is 9 months old and I'm glad I have this.
I certainly don't use it all the time, and never have, but it can be very useful.
It is comfortable to wear for us and baby.
It is also hard to figure out and not great for busty, short women like myself or big and tall men like my hubby.
You  may save money by checking other ones out.The carrier is very secure and I have no fear for my baby's safety.
It's also very comfortable to carry and once you figure out how to get it together, it's actually very quick and easy.
My only problem was when my baby was very young, a month or so, his head was not strong enough and there is a space that allowed his head to fall back somewhat - not a huge amount but enough that I felt the need to supplement with my hand.
However, it cannot be worn on your back like some carriers can.
i abslolutely hated it, and my daughter seemed to not be as comfortable as in the baby bjorn.
Our first daughter would be very fussy in the evening and wanted to be walked through the house for the first couple of months of her live.
I just used the baby bjorn, which still allowed my used of my hands.I hate to use that as my title cause you hear it all the time BUT I swear I have tried just about all of them and this one is by far my favorite...
Honestly everything is going to give you a little back pain after awhile... heck my purse alone does...
I have tried all of the little cheap ones and I figured I was saving money but not I have a carrier collection and only use my bjorn.
It SEEMED uncomfortable.
After 3-4 minutes he got quiet and within minutes of me walking around in my kitchen he was sound asleep!
It is tricky to get them out of it and put them to bed, you do need another persons help..until you get the hang of it.
I didnt have one of these for my colicky firstborn and I wished I had.
When you have a heavy baby and a not so great back it gets hard to carry them in this after awhile!
I sing in our church choir every Sunday and Luca is in his Bjorn close to me and we have never missed a Mass!
I do recall reading that you could but I have tried and find it impossible, at least for me.You put your arms through the straps and the front of the carrier is open, you then take the front piece and snap it on (very easy) You can then place your baby on you and hold him/her with one arm and pick up the front of the carrier and bring it up over baby sliding the built in post-like fasteners into their respective color coded openings on the straps.
No problem.
Only now, that our 5 month-old is 17 lbs, do I find it hard to wear for an extended amount of time.I can throw this in the washer and then line-dry it and it comes up beautifully.If the cost is keeping you away, just keep in mind that you can always resell it and get quite a bit back.
You can load baby in easily and there are no buckles in the back to worry about.
It is somewhat hard to button on your own.
My only reservation about this carrier is that the color is dark, and the fabric is thick.
On hot summer days, I can't use it because it will overheat the baby.
I wish that there were another option in a lighter color and a lightweight fabric for summer.I love the Baby Bjorn and often wear it around the house when baby is fussy, since she likes movement and action.Since I would just repeat the praise I've seen here, I wanted to add that I'm a size 18/20 (w/ a large bust in addition) and I have no problems wearing the BB.
I assume that other, lower-quality front carriers might not work on larger women (consider that breast-feeding might increase your size right where you'd wear this carrier).
It doesn't have an end cap, but it works just as well as the one that comes with this set.You can't go wrong with this set, or one like it.
I bring it with me because babies always seem to get snags in their nails or a stuffy nose at all the wrong moments.
When I travel I am comfortable with it because it has it all.
When I tried to move the shade lower on the window I could not fully close the window.If you can get it for free, get it.
Do not purchase this item.I just recently went out and purchased new shade for my car to cover the corner this shade misses.I bought one of these and one of another brand, and put one in each car.
The retraction spring lasts longer than the more expensive brands.
And the worst part is that the support on the bottom of the shade is flimsy plastic & bent within a month from the pressure of being attached by one suction cup so that there are "wings" pointing into my car.
!I bought this as a 2 pack with a coupon and got it for free, but it is not even worth it for free.
It is a terrible product.
The suction cups are constantly coming off and the whole shade falls off which does not seem too safe if baby is sitting under it.
This thing does not stick to car windows and even if I made it stick, it would fall down before we even got out of the garage.
After just a month or so of use, the spoon color started to fade and bleed and change to a brownish yellow stain on each one.
They are awful.
I won't use them anymore because I'm worried about what could be getting into my baby's food.
I highly recommend you avoid this item.I have four kinds of baby spoon (sassy, gerber, toss'n'go, and these) and these meal mates spoons are my very favorite.I have been using these spoons for two months, from my baby's age of 6 mo to 8 mo.Pros:The most comfortable spoon in my hand, well-balanced, no sharp edges, not fatiguing like the sassy spoons and gerberA good shape for my baby's mouth, don't lose food on the way inHold just the right amount of food, I like a spoon that isn't too bigBright and cheerful colorsDishwasher safe, I have not observed any staining or bleaching from the dishwasherNice weight, not too lightCons:Yes, carrots do stain them.
They are nicely proportioned for little mouths.The gerber spoons are fine, but not as comfortable or well-balanced as the meal mates.I really don't like the sassy spoons.
I would give the spoons five stars if not for this.
I hand wash them, so I can not say how they withstand dishwasher.
Made in China but what is not?
Those bottles leaked, the nipples gave my son suction blisters on his lips, he needed extensive burping, I didn't find the graduations on the bottles to correlate with any other measures at home and my son seemed to have a hard time getting a hang of how to suck against the negative-pressure that builds up in the Avent bottles.
You will receive Level-1 nipples with the starter kit/multi-packs, however you may want to graduate to Level-2 at 3-months of age, Level-2 at 6-months of age and the Y-cut nipples for any thick liquids (e.g milk with cereal).
I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but I don't really have a problem with that.
When we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and ended up returning them because we never needed them.
Also, they are less messy.
I love being able to give her breast milk in public and not have to stop and sit down and be descreet while lifting my shirt......(you know)  I can just feed her right in her seat while pushing the cart since is works great while upright.I only use these bottles, my daughter would not take any other ones right from the start.
I also read other reviews about leaking and can honestly say I have never had a single leak.
There is a line on the bottle that says not to fill above and also for travel they provide a "travel disc" to fit under the nipple to prevent leaks so I am not sure how other people have all these problems.
I can see how it works because my son is less fussy and he loves the soft texture of the nipple.
Although my son loves it, I on the other hand hate it when it comes to the washing.
How come there's so many parts to wash and not only that, the pieces are tiny too!
But this is the sacrifice you make for your young.My baby has reflux and extra gas just makes him completely miserable.
Thus, the baby swallows less air from the having work so hard to get food.
I have been using shields since day 1 with my daughter so I am quite experienced.
It was horrible for our experience and for my husband to sit by and watch.
Our baby is now ten weeks old and I still use the sheild and experience no pain.
The combination of everything kept me from giving up on breastfeeding and/or suffering through the pain.
My daughter latched on without problems with the NUK-barely there, but she hated these.
!I had to use shields due to inverted nipples... may baby could not latch on without them.
Could not continue use of product.I got these thinking they were the same size as other brands size small..
Boy was I wrong they are smaller than extra small sizes in other brands..
And I feel very pain when I feed her everytime.
It is hard to stick tightly on the breast, when my baby latched rubber nipples, it will become warped up on both sides, then it sticked on my baby's cheeks, it's so funny.
I only  tried once and will  not use it again.Nipple shields in general are hard to use, but these were nearly impossible.
It comes with just one shield, which makes it the most expensive of the 3.Philips Avent Standard Nipple ProtectorI purchased this based on looking at the product pictures, hoping that it would not be as high.
Unfortunately, it is just as high as the Medela Nipple Shield, but also wider and thicker, making it difficult to stay in place and get baby to latch.
I hope this is helpful to those in search of nipple shields.Not all nipple shields are created equal... these don't stay on very well, they are thick (not nipple like) and large.
Just fork up the money for a Medela shield...The silicone was too thick for this, hard to keep it on.
I'm still using them and they saved me a lot of pain.
The shields we received from the hospital had a round plastic base that would NOT stay stuck on, would leak milk, and was hard to keep off our son's nose.
Plus, because they're not very expensive, we have tons of them so we have a couple for the diaper bag, a couple for the downstairs nursing station, and a couple for the nursery, plus if we accidentally leave one at the pediatrician or something, it's not a tragedy.Horrible!
Not the biggest problem ever, but it was distracting to him.
Wearing the shields has made the experience bearable.
It was pretty awkward for him, but he still managed to nurse and I didn't feel any pain!
Also very durable and didn't seem to get as flimsy as the Medela with repeated washing & sterilizing.thicker and make it harder to wean off of for baby.This and the Medela shields are must haves for some nursing mothers.
But feel like the quality of this brand is goodWe had been using Dr. Brown bottles exclusively, but our little one was getting gas and seemed fussy after meals.
So, the bottle sat unused on the bottle rack for a week or so until I found slow flow nipples at a local store.
I brought them home and we tried the bottle out again- what a difference!!!
First of all, it is so much more comfortable to hold compared to the Dr. Brown!
Secondly, there are much fewer parts to assemble- and wash.  Thirdly, and most importantly, our little one is much less fussy and gassy after meals.
2) The design of the vent requires some negative pressure to allow the air to flow into the bottle.
This means a slight resistance to your baby's suckling effort.
The last thing you want when addressing any feeding problem is resistance to your baby's suckling.We found the most effective feeding design is the open airway used by Dr Browns bottles.
So if you're looking for something to address a colic/feeding problem, that's the way to go.
After reading all the glowing reviews for this bottle and the manufacturers claim that it helps to reduce colic, gas etc because of the unique angle of the bottle I decided to give it a try.I must say also that I was given the opportunity to review the smaller sizes before my baby was born and gave them to a friend of mine who had recently had a baby and her baby loved them, mine on the other hand hated these.
It may be that she's already accustomed to the feel of her regular bottles since the nipples are larger makes her think she's still on the breast since they fit against her chin and nose just the way its done when breastfeeding.Just because my baby was picky and did not like them does not mean that your baby will as well.
he had colic and gas problems even after we switched him to gentle ease formula, We had to give him gas drops after every feeding and sometimes it did not help.
Both nipples flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag, and led to terrible gas and spitting up with every feeding.
Furthermore, even though we had been breastfeeding before, my son made a seamless transition to Ventaire with no trouble at all.The only hitch with the Ventaire bottles is you will find that some (not all) of the nipples have very small holes and so the milk flows too slowly, if at all.One last note.
So when I saw these, I jumped right on them, since they were supposes to help with gas and colic just like the drop ins, little did I know they were going to be such a pain!
I read the reviews saying that you could &#34;actually hear the air escaping from the bottle!&#34; This is not the case.1.
There were so many bubbles in the bottle from her drinking that I was afraid it was going to give her gas not help stop gas.2.
And at 2am you don't want to sit there with the water running forever just for the bottle to still be cold.Definitely not worth the money or your time!
Save yourself a headache and don't even consider these bottles for your little one.I'm not sure if they are going to discontinue the VentAire bottles but they are getting extremely hard to find in stores, as well as the replacement nipples & discs.
All the pieces can be a pain in the butt, but the bottle flows well & has a sleek design.
They are easy to find, our babies have never had issues with spitting up or gas and they do not leak.
Way cheaper than trying to find the Playtex ones.When I first saw this, I was sure that it would leak, but it just seemed like sure an innovative idea that I bought one anyway.I unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
I was so sure that it would leak if I put anything liquid in it.
This bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leaked!We had a hard time getting EBF baby to take a bottle.
After five months on the slow flow (8mo old now), she started to suck too hard for it, so we tried medium flow, which is still too fast.
We have used the Dr Brown's Level 1 nipples in the these bottles which seems to work for her now that she can handle a faster flow.Baby does swallow a bit of air, their venting system is not great.
Eventually that problem went away as baby learned to take a breather during the bottle so that I could vent it.
However the angle does make it easier for her to hold up.All in all, I'm glad to have found a bottle she can take, but I wish it was one that wasn't so much work.EDIT (One Month Later)I have found that now that she takes the medium flow, I do not have to let the bottle vent anymore.
But we solved our problem by taking the nipple off of the Gerber bottle and use it on the VentAire bottle.
(They tell you not to do this.)
I thought I would never find the right bottle, but Ventaire is it.
We have never had any problems with feeding, she drinks just fine.
They are easy to clean.Only complaint I have is that traditional bottle warmers don't work well with these because the bottoms are removeable.
That in turn makes it hard for the baby to continue drinking.
With this Playtex set, you do not have to worry about it.
It is very convenient and the nipple does not get stuck to the bottle.
We have never had leakage problems.When i used other bottles.
I was so worried for my daughter.
Thanks for this product.Being a new parent, I was not sure which bottles to use.
They were horrible because they leaked (you can't over tighten or under tighten and all sorts of other finicky things) and they also left my baby with lots of gas where he would cry violently.
I do have to say that the stage one nipple is hard to get anything out of.
There is no spillage from the side of his mouth and he will drink his milk straight and not have to be burped half way so that he can finish eating.
I have never had the bottles leak because I washed them all and assembled them and left them like that.
Then once a week I take them apart, sterilize the bottles in the sterilizer and boil the nipples and disc.
However, to me, it was not worth it b/c of the problems we had with the nipples.
It seemed like every nipple had some sort of problem.
And when you have a hungry, fussy baby, its no fun to be wasting time trying to keep up with stuff like that.
It was horrible.
I felt that these bottles were very poor quality.
One thing seems to 'do the trick' when the problem was ready to stop on its own.We tried every bottle gimmick sold on Babies-R-Us.
The venting means a lot less gas and there is NO messy bag to have to mess with and squeeze the air out of.The design of this bottle is unusual.
If the vent disk or screw cap are the slightest bit wet, it will create a suction and the air will not vent properly.
I haveThe First Years Babypro Quick Serve Bottle Warmer, which uses steam to warm the bottle, and it does not work with this type of bottle.
Sometimes you get busy with a baby and with everything else you have to worry about as a new parent, who wants to add making sure you wash the bottles early enough to make sure they are completely dry?We bought the Playtex VentAire based on the rave review of a friend, hoping our baby would suddenly cease spitting up as theirs had done.
The difference in the speed of fast flow became clear very quickly: the Playtex is much faster than the ComoTomo.
I also like that the nipple does not collapse like some bottles do.
These came with the fast flow so I had to purchase the medium flow as well since my little ones isn't quite ready for fast flow.As I said in a previous review of the Starter product in this line, thePlaytex VentAire Advanced BPA Free Wide Bottle Newborn Starter Set, the VentAire system is a vast improvement over the old standard every Mom, Nanny, Babysitter, Grandma or other caregiver is familiar with - the Playtex Nurser sytem with those plastic bag inserts that were supposed to create a vacuum as baby fed, cutting down on gas and discomfort.
If you are already needing a 9 Ounce Bottle, you probably will not need the Slow flow Nipple anyway but if you do, you should know that you can by the Slow Flow, Medium Flow and Fast Flow Nipples separately in 2-packs here at Amazon.
I cannot see how a traditional Bottle-Warmer would accomodate this new system.
Personally, I've never had the need myself but I Imagine this may be a deal breaker for some Moms.
I never figured out what the problem was with the playtex nipples.While baby bottles with drop-in liners are convenient when traveling to see relatives and friends, these Ventaire bottles work much better at home.Likes:>Innovative bottom vents (read instructions carefully) help reduce risks for gas, spit-up, and colic.
Will need to consult with Playtex customer support for clarification.Bottom Line:Good, effective, innovative bottles to minimize complications (gas, spit-up, colic, and ear infections) from nursing with bottles.
Does not leak.
I do like the angle of the bottles for one, as you do not have to tilt the bottle as much.
I did not notice a huge difference in terms of less gas between this bottle and the Dr. Browns, which also do a great job with that.
With that said, I am not sure it is worth the extra mess potential to be able to take it off for cleaning...that is what a bottle brush is for!
He fell asleep today while drinking from the bottle - something that never happened with regular bottles before.
Nobody should use regular bottles when these are available.My son is almost 2 months old and likes the slow flow nipple quite well.I don't necessarily know if these bottles work for colic because my son did not have that BUT these bottles did eliminate him gulping so much air like he was with different bottles.
Skip all the other fancy, more expensive bottles and try these.I, like so many others, had a problem with the flow when I first used these bottles.
My son is four months old and only used to the slow flow nipples &#8211; these come with fast flow so I had to purchase a set of slow flow nipples &#8211; and they do make a huge difference&#8230; My son will not drink out of the fast ones &#8211; he leaks everywhere and does not get anything down&#8230;Let me start by saying that we used Playtex Ventair bottles with my first child.
However, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.UPDATE: After using this for a couple months, I find it is too much of a pain to deal with the multiple different seals and rings.
It makes cleaning and assembling more difficult and there don't seem to be any obvious benefits to it compared to simpler bottles.My favorite part about these bottles are the nipples.
*you cannot mix four scoops of formula and 8 oz of water in the bottle.
*These bottles are crooked not straight, so they are difficult to prop.
We never warmed formula so I wasn't aware of the issues others have stated with not being able to microwave or whatever, and since the dishwasher sterilizes, we didn't use a separate sterilizer either.
It definitely takes awhile for them to drink with the slow-flow but at just 1 month old we were able to switch to the fast flow kind and from then on it's no problem.
With my daugher we did try the wide Playtex bottles as well as the Avent but with both, the milk flowed out of the sides of her mouth so we switched to the standard.I would definitely recommend these bottles in the standard, seems to fit their little mouths perfectly.I am currently expecting my first baby so I ordered these to be prepared, however I haven't used them yet.
I can say they are much more comfortable in your hand than the Avent bottles.
I mostly handwash, and others have pointed out it's a pain given all the parts to the bottle, but I don't find it troublesome at all.
I have also encountered a problem on occasion where there seems to be a vacuum created and milk would no flow throw the nipple.
Also, we have gone up to the moderate flow nipple and we have not encountered the vacuum problem where she was unable to get any milk through.
In hindsight, this may not have been the bottle but rather my daughter given she was a preemie and at the time of the original review still had some feeding difficulties.
Needed some more bottles, so I ordered these, not realizing that Playtex VentAire comes in both standard and wide formats.
They are a HUGE pain to use.
She's still not had many bottles, but had no problem switching back to breast after.
We also have AVENT bottles that we have yet to try, but I think the WIDE VentAire will be what we send with her sitter and leave with dad when I'm not around to feed her.
The only real bad thing I can say is that there are a lot of little parts with the screw-on bottom and vent piece (they do give you one extra vent in the pack in case you lose one).
He still spits up quite a bit for his age so I thought I'd try these bottles with him.
I thought for sure it must be just a fluke.
It allowed us to future proof our bottle needs.Pro-these were great for our reflux, upset belly twins.Con- There are a few pieces to clean : including the nipple 5 things per bottle so if you don't like to wash then these might not be for you (I should mention I only hand wash our bottles so that is a factor but still worth using them!
I checked reviews before purchase and noticed some people stated that they will not leak if assembled correctly.
I will not buy again, switched to drop-ins.My daughter couldn't get anything out of this bottle and it frustrated her.
She tried so hard with this bottle where she wouldn't give advent a chance.
It's junk, and I'm glad to see it wasn't just my daughter struggling to drink from this bottle.
It's hard to determine sometimes!As a first time Mommy, I researched everything on Amazon.com before I bought my baby stuff.
The only thing that's not convenient about this bottle is it has several parts/pieces to it, so you have to take the whole thing apart and make sure to wash/sterilize/dry everything before putting it back together for the next feeding.
Our (older) baby was weirded out by the curved shape and not quite sure how to get comfortable holding it, but obviously that wouldn't be a problem if you started out with them necessarily.
The Medela and Avent had no venting system, causing the nipple to collapse and the baby getting frustrated.
She has never put them in the dishwasher (more motherly advice) even though Playtex information says pieces are top-rack dishwasher safe.
These are the narrow nipple unlike the drop-ins, so the nipples are not interchangeable.
The bottles do not fit into my Avent microwave sterilizer.
They are just a little too tall for it.My one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples.
Sometimes water drips out, but I think it's from not sealing the ring properly in the bottom when we assemble them.
It's not a big deal.
With these VentAire bottles, my granddaughter seemed to be a bit irritated and eventually rejected it.
My daughter in law couldn't figure out why the baby was not receiving the bottle and thought maybe it was the formula.
Her suction is more powerful than the babies, so we were convinced these were just not the bottles for my grand child.
The downfall of the Dr. Brown bottles is the cleanup of them.
YOu can stick it through too far or it will leak, but you can do it just enough that it wont leak and the baby gets milk.My baby still spits up, but not as bad.
And we dont have the problem with collapsed nipples like we did with the Gerber New Traditions and Gerber COmfort Hold...
They do not require bags and we easily wash them up by hand (they do have a few peices parts).
The only thing is sometimes they do leak, but I make sure that the bottle parts are completely dry before I assemble and mix formula.
You hear the air come out of them like twice per drink (which can be like an hour if you have a little one that gets tired and sleepy every time they eat).We have used them quite a bit, and there is really virtually no difference in gas between these and the other 2.
The first set I purchased began to leak from the bottom and from around the cap so I thought it was a bad batch and exchanged them for another set.
I would never recommend these crappy bottles to anyone!These bottles are exceptional and do everything they claim they do.
For some reason, no matter which store purchased at, every nipple (Stage 1 and Stage 2) seemed to not be opened to allow milk to come out.
I am sure that I can use a straight pin and open them more, but "you're not supposed to"...Unlike the previous review we loved these bottles, and yes we have a baby that spits up alot and the bottles do make the difference.
With my son we are able to buy stage 2 nipples and not owrry about him getting too much formula too fast.
The bottles did not cause the dreaded "nipple confusion" when transitioning between the bottle at daycare and breastfeeding when baby is with mom.2.
Replacement parts - like extra slow flow nipples - can be hard to find.
Nipples wear out, and wanting extras to have on hand, I ended up buying extra bottles instead because it was nearly impossible to find the slow flow variety (and it was cheaper to buy extra bottles from Amazon than to pay the exorbitant shipping from the two sources who sold the nipples separately).UPDATE (3/2012): As my daughter has reached her first birthday, Playtex VentAire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding.
Once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the VentAire bottle can be flung wildly around and does not leak.
I am not really sure what people are complaining about.
Before I had a dishwasher, I hand washed them and it was no big deal!And  I have never had a leak from these bottles!QUESTION?
Does anyone know if these bottles (i guess you'd callit the old model)are compatible with the new "natural shape" nipple, I can't find the old style in my local store?We were a die hard Avent family becasue of our daughter tummy troubles.
They were great in reducing air intake, but she just seemed to leak an awful lot with them.
So I started to research and try other bottles.We hated the liner in the nursers, she hated Dr. Brown's, and the paln jane bottles allowed her to take in too much air.
Her daughter does great on the Avent and doesn't leak....our daughter does great with the Vent Aire and does not leak.
This set comes with 3 bottles and 3 fast flow nipples, so I wouldn't recommend using them for newborn because the milk comes out VERY quickly and would be difficult for them to keep up.
I'm bit sure if they make slow flow.
They work pretty well overall but a little inconvenient.
They also don't work with pumping stuff and they have a weird shape, which makes it hard to fit them in the bottle warmer.
The nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
The only problem is they are hard to find.
i feel they are hard to use and too many extra pieces to put together and wash.my baby went from nursing to bottles and back to nursing.
My baby chokes often when she drinks from Dr Browns.. She never choked drinking from the Ventair.It took a little bit to get used to the shape, it didn't work as well for my son when he held the bottle himself, but when I hold it, the angle makes it easier to prop up when you need that hand to quick scratch an itch or mop a dribble.
Surprisingly, they did not leak!
The one that controls gas and colic.
My son is 1, and my only regret is that I didn't buy these sooner.
Boy was I wrong.
I wish we'd used these bottles from the very beginning-- through my sons severe reflux and all!!
I've done this for 3 months now and not a single, itty bitty leak!!
The actual bottles are wonderful, but the nipples they come with are impossible!
The only down side is there was occasionally a couple drips of milk coming out of the bottom of the bottle (not sure if I did something wrong to allow or if something can be done to prevent that).Comparing Playtex bottles to the others we tried, I have to say the Playtex bottles are one of the few bottles out there that are trying to prevent colic and gas.
Slight dripping isn't entirely unusual with other bottles, as the glass bottles we got would actually drip where the nipple would screw on.
I'm not sure why anyone would still consider them.
Of course it could also be that it was her growing and changing how she sucked/drank that made the differences, and not the bottles, so it's hard to know for sure.One intermittent problem is leaking.
It always seems to happen when she's ravenous and she gets really irritated when we have to pull the bottle from her, wipe it off and readjust the ring.
Not to small, but not a waste of space and to large.
No leaks at all!We  have been using the drop in liner system and it was a nightmare, dealing with never knowing how much milk was there, liners pulling free from the bottle and leaking every where etc.
Because of the difference, obviously the tops are not interchangeable, but the bases between the wider bottles and these thinner bottles are interchangeable.
I then bought Adiri bottles and they were great...until about the 6th wash when they started to smell and go weird.
It has not, however, decreased the spitting up.
He had no problems.After using the bottles for a week, bubbles and all, his gas problems have not gotten worse, though I wouldn't say he's necessarily improved either.
Definitely a cheaper alternative to the Dr.Brown's bottles.My one "complaint" is that there's a lot of pieces in these bottles which makes it a bit annoying to clean, but it's not so bad.
And if my son is comfortable, definitely worth it!THE BEST!
I have never had a single leak.
Once I have had time to assess the prevention of colic, gas and ear aches, I will update this post.These bottles are very durable and have lasted a LONG time.
My daughter was so fussy while she was trying to eat that I nor my husband could figure out why.
She was never like that before.
So we kept trying to feed her & she would suck for a while then start fussing again.
I was so upset.
I felt so bad for my girl.
Even after going up a size, it didn't seem to make a difference.
Also, when he did manage to actually eat, he would still get fussy and gassy- an issue these bottles claim to reduce.
My only complaint is really just a user error.
It is a pain to wash... with all the pieces and everything... because if you're not careful and don't remove each piece, you will get mold under that bottom platic piece.
Highly recommended!I expected the material to be thicker where you put your feet into it, but it does keep my feet warm when they are in there, and it makes sitting in my rocking chair more comfortable.
it is also compact and easy to store under the rocker so it doesnt get in the way when not in use.I thought this would keep my feet warm while nursing but when it arrived it felt cheap and it moved too much to be useful.
The cover is easy to wash, and you don't have to worry about your toddler knocking their head (or any other body part) into it.
I also do not love that it is fuzzy on the bottom too, and thus collects every hair and piece of lint on the floor, all of which becomes inextricably entangled in the sheepskin-like fabric.
It is super comfortable on your feet and a great height for nursing.
This was a perfect alternative for us!Feet are not fully covered in this stool and the cover is not that thick.
This solves that problem!
And because it is so soft I'm completely comfortable with it.
So I can't comment on how well they wash!I love the idea of this sling and it is sturdy and attractive, but my 10 week old son just cannot get comfortable in it.
The edge draws strings to tighten him in just do not do the trick.
I'll keep trying because this product seems like a great idea and it was not cheap, but perhaps it's just a little too much work for a newer baby.If this company or any other consumer, has any ideas on how to improve my situation with this sling,I would love to hear from them.
You can't let go of your baby this way, but it works great when your baby has already fallen asleep and you need something to support their weight.If you are carrying your child on your hip, you could slip it under their heiny to support their weight.It's a quick fix for tired arms but, it doesn't free you up completely.I was excited when my husband brought it home since I had read some good reviews, however after placing my son in it his chin was on his chest and not comfortable for him at all.
It's the WORST product ever, I am definitely NOT using it and will probably donate it to goodwill...I do not own this item but I tried it out in the store and it HURT my shoulder!!!
old dd is very comfortable sitting in it.That said, I would not buy it again.
My daughter hated it as a newborn & would immediately scream if I put her in.
The drawcord needs to be knotted to avoid danger of strangulation (very unsafe, not to mention inconvenient for adjusting).
The problem with it is that I wouldn't put a baby younger than 5 mounths inside.So when my other son was born we tried this new carrier.
As soon as the baby gets heavier (8 or 9 lbs) it's getting a bit uncomfortable mostly if you have I large breast as I do.
Brush is not bad.
Either way, I love that I extended the life of my Avent bottles (which I never used becuase they always seemed to leak) and no new bottles to get in the way.
Good value.I wish I would have known that the only difference between these spouts and the ones for younger children is the color and the fact that these are made of hard plastic and the others are soft.
Otherwise, no difference.
I do like the Avent spouts in general as they are about as leak proof as a sippy cup spout can be.As I have stated with the trainer set, they are okay if your child takes to them, just don't buy more than one set if you are not sure your child will take it.
You will know within days if your child will take to it.They advertise it, or it shows if you search for soft spout and they are hard.
I think also it does not help that they are green so he paid even more attention that they looked different.Avent cups and spouts are my favorite.
They are very easy to clean and they do not leak if you use them correctly (do not fill to much the cups and do not fill with sparkling beverages.Let me start by saying I think it's WONDERFUL of Avent to offer their consumer the option to modify what they already own!
I would go so far as to say he cannot drink from it.
I do wish this product would have worked for him because when I screw on the Nuby lid, the spout does not align with the handles.
It's a terrible design because the rubber on the back side covers the air vent and the spout so the air gets sucked into babies mouth instead of back in the cup.
The green "12 month" spouts are hard....they still gets scratched up from teeth and we often have to tell our oldest not to chew on the spout, BUT so far they are the best we've found.
In fact, get away from the soft spouts and switch to the hard ones as soon as your child can use the hard spouts, because then you don't need to be so vigilent for tears which are a choking hazard.This was exactly what I needed to convert some 4 month old sippy cups to those that could be used by my 11 month old.
He's just now accepting it (at 8mths) but when he did it was with the harder spouts and with the flange.
It's too "weird" looking I guess, he pushes it away every time I've tried it.
This is not a good trainer spout that's for sure, maybe for older kid, it's more like a wide straw then sippy spout.We put these spout in all our cups.
This is more of what I call a Soft spout even though described as hard.
I haven't had a leak problem with these yet, and they're soft so they don't hurt DS's mouth if he whacks himself.These are not nearly as good as the yellow ones.
An employee told me that these were not sold because Playtex wants to sell more sippy cups.
the replacement package is essential but are  not easy to find in stores.Buying these lets me extend the life of all my son's sippys.
These valves make or break the sippy, so glad they were a resonable price.One of my valves stopped working in my daughter's Playtex sippy cup and it was great to find these replacement valves at such a low cost so I didn't have to go out and buy a whole new cup.
I was so glad to find these because we seem to keep losing the inserts and I don't want to have to replace an entire cup due to the lack of an insert.
I bought the smaller pack and then promptly lost some more inserts so now I'm wishing I bought the larger pack to have some extras.When I found out I could just buy these valves, I was ecstatic!
I have never experienced any kind of leak or spill with these things.
My son is extremely messy to say the least, but with these, I never have to worry!I love the brand of sippy cup and I love the valves when they work.
The problem is that these valves do not have a very long life span.
Little longer for shipping but there hard to find in Walmart half the time to it's worth it.Great to be able to purchase replacements.
Key word, 'IDEA'.PROS:- It's a 4-in-1: elbow rest, knee rest, storage pocket for wash/shampoos, and then later can be used as a stepping stool.- Cute little ice animal theme, polar bears, penguins, whales, etc.- The elbow rest has suction cups that attach to the tubside.- The little storage pockets that hang on the side are helpful for all those crazy bath toys and products babies come with.CONS:- What I did not consider before purchasing this item was the placement of my bathtub's faucet and the toilet.
I sit uncomfortably on the closed toilet instead and lean over the whole time, which SUCKS.- The stool does not raise up to be any higher than what the picture shows.
It is a very VERY short stepping stool, and will be useless for quite a while.- The suction cups for the elbow rest POP OFF almost every time you lean on it, which defeats the purpose.
They were very hard to get to stay put in the first place before anyone ever leaned on it.- Also, the top of the elbow rest CRACKED after maybe the 2nd time we used it.Conclusion:I LOOOVED the idea of this product.
Still haven't seen a similar product, but I was very disappointed with the quality and exact features of this, and I was frustrated with myself for not considering that I couldn't even use this feature because of my bathroom set-ups.
I was worried when I read the other reviews of this product, but once I gave it a try I was hooked.
Our daughter and dog will never have a bath again without it.this is so cool I like that it will be used for longer than just a kneeler for baby baths.... for the little one as a todlerThe kneeling stool is great.
The padding is sufficient and I love that it flips over to convert to a stool...Very useful!
There is a hard plastic honey comb underneath it and hard plastic surrounding it that force you to put your elbows into two tiny areas or risk severe pain from the plastic.
Not to mention that to two measley suction cups that are suppose to hold it onto the side of the tub do not work at all.
I suggest that if you still want this product after reading the reviews, you try to find it used so that you don't have to pay retail.The kneeler is not very sturdy.
I was not comfortable kneeling on it, and I felt like my weight would break right through the flimsy little styrofoam-like cushion.
If that is what the manufactorer considers cusioning, I'm not impressed.
Also, the construction of the item is not very sturdy.
It is made of plastic, and it does not seem at all durable.
The elbow &quot;cushion&quot; is also not very soft.
It is not secure, either.
I don't recommend this product.My post baby weight was over 200lbs, if you are over 200 lbs, this is not for you.
The camera is kind of a pain, though.
We got one but never used it since he was in our room the first 3 months and now I can hear him breathing on the Sights and sounds monitor.If you are considering a monitor... pay extra for a VIDEO monitor.The picture is clear and can be adjusted to be lighter or darker for those of us that like a darker room to sleep in.
I simply could not of gotten any sleep as a first time mother had I not been able to see my son peacefully sleeping in his crib every time I opened my eyes at night.We use both the video monitor and the separate hand held monitor all the time and have had no problems that could not be adjusted easily.Forget getting up all night long to check on your angel and buy a VIDEO monitor instead.We have this monitor and I could not live without it.
I cant imagine not being able to see my daughter at night if I hear her making noise.
I have noticed that if I move the camera to certain areas of the crib the reception will suffer so you have to get the camera in just the right spot.
The picture is not snowy.
I have had this product for 5 months and it has not broken down.
The picture is pretty great I was impressed but I hear a roaring in the sound but it is not extremely bad or anything.
We have not had any problems with the night vision nor the sound.
The pictures is lighter or darker depending on the sorrounding light, so make sure you adjust it accordingly.
Once you have it, you become dependent on it... :-)Feel free to view my 4 stars as a full 5!I must say I was a bit concerned with getting this monitor after reading previous comments, but I'm glad I did get it!
I would've given it 5 stars, but every now and then I have a problem with static.
All and all I'm glad I got it and would recommend it to anyone!It's great to watch my baby sleep...it keeps us from having to run and down the steps after every peep.
(In fact I've bought quite a few for friends having babies.)
Did not have any trouble with the straps fitting through it.
My daughter who's only 2 weeks old, looks very comfortable in her car seat.
You won't regret it!
It is nice and soft and cuddly, and made of much nicer fabric than that ghastly polyester grayco liner, but I did not find it helpful and I did not find that it positioned my baby any better than she was in the carseat on her own.My main concern with this product is not that my baby will fly out of her carseat in a crash as warned by the 1-star reviews, my concern is that this did not prevent her head from flopping FORWARD -- infact, it was difficult for me to position the head pillow in a way that didn't make forward-flopping worse.
I was warned about this at my baby-carrier group (before the sling recall, where some of the babies died for this exact reason) and it was something I worried about when my daughter was young because her head seemed to always fall forward in the carseat, even when it said it was well-positioned.I would not recommend this product to a new parent.
I know that this says you can use in in a car seat, just make sure that any padding in a car seat is installed properly.
Once he falls asleep, his little head just hung over the side, so we put the snuzzler back in and he's much happier.It is a bit trickier to get the car seat straps safely adjusted around the support, but after a few days we had the hang of it.This was on my "must have" list.
I'm not using it in his infant car seat because I'm already using a JJ Cole Bundle Me.
Is it worth buying something you may not even use.
We would not know what to do without it.
She looked so uncomfortable, that I'm letting her use the snuzzler now.
I don't know the mechanics of it but not once since we put this in the car seat has her head flopped.
She is almost 15 pounds now and we are still using it.Snuzzler provides the ultimate support and "hugs" the baby in all the right places, so the little one feels secure and comfortable.
I have contacted The First Years about this problem but so far have not rec'vd a reply.
Like the other reviewers stated, it is quite convenient!
We take it when we travel and it is quite helpful since we do not have to leave our room in the middle of the night to warm a bottle.
The only small negative is that the cooler isn't attached and makes it harder to transport.Personally I think bottle warmers are a waste of money.
So many people are against that but as long as you shake up the bottle before you feed the baby there's no problem.
I read the mixed reviews on this product before purchasing it and I'm glad I ignored all the negative reviews.
I quickly learned that the problem with those used wasn't the product, it might have been "user error".
I have also never used the cooler.
In my opinion to me it's just as easy to grab a bottle out of the fridge.
You do have to pay attention to the amount of water you put in so that the bottle does not get too hot, but after using it you get a "feel" for the timing and amount of water.The water measuring lines on the tubes that came with the warmer did rub off quickly.
I could not live without it.
Because my son actually needs 3 bottles during the night, I use a insultated bottle tote to hold his bottles.This warmer worked great and it was so convenient for the middle of the night feedings to not have to go up and down the stairs.
I know everything warns you not to use the microwave but it works just fine and is much quicker.
Now that my 3 month old is sleeping through the night, I don't have to worry about the convenience factor.
The nightlite does NOT provide just enough glow to prepare bottles in the dark - you will break something if you rely on their light.
(We use a nightlight that plugs in to the wall...)  AND for some reason, we can never get the bottle to the right temperature no matter how much water we put in the dropper.
I had triplets and the Night and Day bottle warmer could not hold the number of bottles I needed at night so I ended up giving it away.
I would not recommend this product for homes with multiples.
There are not too many models out there.It is a very simple to use and set up.
No tipping and not top heavy even with coolerFits many size bottles, See note below about Dr Brown's BottlesPoor Features:Water holder clips can break during shipping, inspect your warmer as soon as you buy itWater bottle for cooler, must fill with water.
Does not stay frozen for longer than 7-8 hours.Cooler lock is plastic bump.
Top will not stay on if lock is broken.Will only hold 2 bottlesDr.
Brown's BottlesUnscrew the top just enough so it does not have a complete seal, then warm bottle.
If you do not unscrew the top or remove the straw, the formula during heating will rise up the straw and flow into the warmer.When I opened the box I discovered one of the water holders was broken.
I never received a written response but a week later a new cooler and water holder arrived in the mail.The Night and Day Bottle warmer is a must have for Families that have 2 story homes or very large homes.
*update* 8 oz Dr Brown's Bottles will not fit into the cooler unless you remove the cap.I read reviews on the BRU website like a crazy woman before choosing products for my new baby.
I make up all my bottles at once;  They're kept fresh and cold;  I heat them as I use them; It's a snap!
I love it!The only reason why I'm giving this a 1 star is not for the convenience it provides to others, but because it is so not necessary to have...another baby product on the market that is not needed.
I'm sure most everyone either receives the Arrowhead or Sparkletts (or other) bottled water in their homes...well, the water is already at room tempreature...no need to "warm" it up in the bottle warmer device...just add your formula in the bottle, shake and give to your baby!
My baby does not have 5+ mins to wait...nor do I!
It's such a pain to heat a bottle in boiling water - and it takes so long.
The only very small problem is that the numbers on the measuring cups rub off after a week or so which makes it hard to fill them with the correct amout of water for your size bottles.
Boy was I wrong.
so maybe the bottles are the problem - who knows.
After you learn how to use the measuring and all that this machine saves me so much time and worry.
Time over boiling water in a cup to let the bottle or baby food warm up in and worry over is it too hot or too cold still or is it warmed up evenly.
With the night & day bottle & food warmer I don't have to worry about anything.
However, I've had the hardest time figuring out how much water to use to warm the bottles.
They have a chart, but it is not geared towards the platex bottles with the drop ins.
However, as I am breastfeeding and occassionally pumping milk I thought we would use it for sure, once in a blue moon it turns out whenever I am leaving baby with Daddy and an expressed bottle of milk (which he can easily leave out for an hour before as its breastmilk/room temperature!)
I only had one problem with getting the bottles 2 hot but that was my fault from heating them twice.
The first and most obvious use is the fact that you can have a bottle warming while you're changing your baby's diaper, getting them dressed etc...While some will complain that it takes 5 minutes, I find that to be a gross over estimate.
It takes not quite 2 minutes from refridgerator to warm.
It seems to have some sort of timer that times how long the water in the resevoir has boiled to not let the milk get too hot.
If breast milk has not had an opportunity to thaw out in the fridge yet it will obviously take more than just 1 press of the button for the milk to thaw and be warmed up.
The problem is that even though there's still ice in the bottle the water will be warm and so the heating element that heats the water will shut off after 10 seconds.
I would not recommend buying this item.
I ended up having to use it sooner than I thought, and was so glad I had it on hand.A few times I was not able to produce enough milk so had to supplement with a few formula feedings.
Any time we have a sitter we make sure they use this as well.It is SO easy and SO great to use.
Well worth the money!Had been searching for these everywhere, I have no clue why Playtex have moved away from these, I am guessing because of fear of allergic reactions but all my babies loved these over the silicone ones.
But while he couldn't tell the difference I did enjoy having couple of these nipples with the disposable pouch when traveling abroad.
I wish I had started off with these and not wasted so much time and money on the other fancy and hard-to-clean bottles.I tried to switch my baby to fast from latex natural latch slow at 4 months, but he choked on the faster flow of milk.
It turns out that they're not all calibrated the same way.
The other dripped so quickly it was almost a steady stream (this is the one baby choked on before).
So I learned my lesson - order some extra and check the actual flow using this test (fill w/water and hold upside down) as some flow MUCH faster than others!I am very disappointed in this product.
I do not recommend this product.These nipples certainly weren't &#34;fast&#34; for anything but water.
I was so worried about my baby until I finally found thePlaytex Bottle 4-oz.
Only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is the quality control is poor; out of the first 4 nipples that we purchased had 2 nonfunctional ones (there was no hole); I now check each nipple first by making sure I can squeeze water out before using it.I like the latex nipple because it is softer than the silicone ones and it is easier for my babies to get a good seal on them while eating.
They are so hard to find anymore though.
However the flow has been just right for my babies so that is not an issue for me.Because of the nature of latex you do go through these faster than silicone ones.
(hopefully, they solve the problem with so many defective ones though)We had a hard time getting our son to take a bottle, but the latex nipples on the Playtex nurser did the trick!
My NB became accustomed to the Breastflow type so it was hard to switch him, but we had to due to such bad gas problems.
The only problem I found with these were the nipples.. We got a fast-flow and even though he's a savage eater, it was just a little too fast for him so he gave up completely.
I BF my baby, but when we wean him we'll be sure to get a slower-flow nipple top and just use the fast-flow for his rice cereal/BM concoctions.
(which is why the docking of 1*) It's not as wide a neck as Breastflow and Gumdrop, and not small enough to fit standard hospital bottles and Medela brand.
I never could get her to  take to these bottles.
They do have one more piece than the Avent bottles, but that's not too much of a big deal.
In my mind, the simpler the design is, the better.The things that I do not like as much are relatively minor.
First, the nipple has a softer ring section that seems to allow it to collapse in (not flat) if there is too much pressure in the bottle.
Third, now that the little one is starting to want to hold her bottle herself, she has a harder time holding these.
The bottles have 5 pieces (body, nipple, collar, base and silicone vent) They are easy to clean and assemble, however if you do not dry the pieces well water will drip from around the bottom, or the collar.These are all white so great for boy or girl.
our daughter used to get a lot of gas with AVENT bottles but ever since we switched to these she did not have any problems.
Also you dont have to burp her as much, very minimal amount of gas actually goes in while feeding.i recommend this product to every parents.When I first saw this, I was sure that it would leak, but it just seemed like such an innovative idea that I bought one anyway.
I was so sure that it would leak if I put anything liquid in it.
It didn't, but I still wasn't sure.
I used them with my daughter because it keeps the air out of the bottles, so babies dont have upset tummies.
I use them at home but would not be confident traveling with them.I have been using Avent bottles for my previous two children and after they redesigned them with the insert I found I didn't care for them.
I find that this new Advanced bottle has a wider nipple similar to the Avent bottle and that the pieces in the bottom fit better when closing, My baby hasn't had any colic issues with these and we were able to take her off Gripe Water and she still doesn't have issues with colic.
It helps for these as well although it is not essential as it is for regular bottles.
Seeing that it was only one bottle out of the 6 that we have, I am not too bothered by it.
My baby never had problems going from using these bottles back to nursing.
I had my set for 10 months now and they never leaked.
I read some of the reviews and those that complain about these bottles leaking probably tend to over tighten the caps.
There's not enuogh room to mix it up.
I always make sure the pieces are dry before assembling the bottle and that the bottom vents are free from obstruction.
They don't appear to do so, at least not significantly, but my baby is not exclusively bottle-fed.Pros:- They don't leak!- They are super-easy to get very clean (quickly!)
She took it without much problem and I'm confident it won't be an issue when I go back to work.The venting also seems to work as she doesn't swallow a lot of air - doesn't burp or get gas a lot.
Also, I didn't notice at first that the pack came with fast flow nipples, but that was my fault.
(They both hated the Avent ones.)
Around 6 or 7 months I noticed that my baby seemed to be working too hard when taking her bottle.
Either I didn't take the time to make sure the disk was fully inserted into the rim, I didn't pull the nipple all the way through the nipple ring securely, or I didn't line up the threads of the nipple ring when I screwed it on so it wasn't on completely.
By doing this you have them on hand, so there is no middle of the night baby-won't-take-the-bottle trauma.
The work as advertised,  allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.Cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyI probably would not use one as a carry bottle,  but for filling right before using...Other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertised.We used the Starter set in the beginning to bottle feed our baby.
I \have to shove the bottle into her mouth to prevent spilling which is not fun.
The baby easily took to the nipples.The only complaint I had was that all the bottles came with fast flow nipples.
They are not worth the money, I won't even attempt to sell them at a yard sale because I dont want to burden anyone with the frustration of a leaky bottle.
My son did have gas problems, but after these bottles the problem fanished!
These are truely great bottles, and they dont leak either!Baby is not nearly as gassy since we switched to these bottles.
Also very easy to clean.I am a first time mother to twin sons ((now nearly 8 months old)) and I was unable to breastfeed for a few reasons, so I purchased a whole LOT of Avent bottles...
I sterlized all the avent bottles, wanting to be prepared when I needed them, and now I have a million of them around the house collecting dust because I cannot return them!
For a few reasons the Avents did not work for us ((not just based on my boys preferances either, I all in all do NOT reccomend those bottles if you or your baby do not like the VentAires!)).
First of all, you must make sure that the bottom of the bottle is secured TIGHTLY, and that the disk is put in correctly for you to get the advantages of the vent system.
and the shape is great for the release of air to reduce gas problems ((which my boys have never had a huge problem with, and I thank the ventaire bottles!))
I have NEVER had a problem with the dishwasher ruining nipples or disks, and so far no leaks ((although I do recommend changing nipples and disks every few months, they DO start to wear!
Well, Dr. Brown's bottles did not work for us.
Now, the baby isn't talking but he isn't spitting up or crying uncontrollably with colic either.
I have used Avent (review) Dr. Brown's (review not yet written) and these.
He has been very fussy about "bottle" substitutions for mom, but he adjusted quite quickly to these nipples.
We tried her first bottle at about 4 weeks and she never had any trouble switching back and forth once I went back to work.
These have also seemed to work great for keeping down burps and spitup, and though there is one extra piece as compared to the AVENT, it's not a big deal and the pieces are all large enough that they don't fall through the weave in a bottle dishwasher basket.
We also wanted some more fast nipples, but I wasn't sure what came with this set (it didn't seem to say anywhere).
We use these Blue nipples now that my daughter is older (thicker plastic), but used the clear Natural nurser nipples when she was younger and the product still worked and didn't leak.I use these bottles and avent bottles (i have an avent pump)and noticed that with the avent bottles my milk had a horrible amount of bubbles.
(He is one week old)The only problem I have is that I cannot find an adapter that will fit my avent pump and fit these bottles to pump directly into them which makes the avent bottles a little more convenient with breastmilk and playtex doesnt make a hand pump.When I decide to stop pumping I'll definitely give him these bottles exclusively.I tried the regular version of these bottles, too.I babysit a friend's 5 mo old boy, he tends to spit up.
i know this is hard to do, but it could save you some money.
Our daughter has never had any issues transitioning between breast and bottle.
My daughter has never had any problems with spit up or cholic so I all I can say is that these bottles didn't create any problems.Pros to using the VENATIRE WIDE/NATURAL SHAPE is that they're reusuable so no additional cost like the dropins.
We've had a few leak from the top when mixing (we have to add some prune juice for our daughter) a bottle with the hard top sealing disc.
We store these bottles on their bottom in the fridge, and have never had a problem with leaks.
We warm Dropins this way too, it's a little faster since the liners are thinner).When the bottle is warm remove the sealing disc, & the insert the nipple.I have never tried freezing milk in the bottles although I know that the storage kit is advertized to be able too.
Annoying, inconvenient, and a hassle.
It was disappointing to say the least.Even though the bottles didn't work for us, I'm sure they probably work well for someone's baby, so I will try to give you a run down on the bottles contained in this set.
In the few times that we attempted to use these bottles we didn't have any leaking issues, but I'm sure they could happen given that the bottom screws on and has holes in it that are covered with the silicone valve vent.The bottles feel pretty comfortable in your hand.
I have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold, so I think it's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.When it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles, but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on.
The only downsides- the neck opening is a little small, it makes it more difficult to scoop formula into the bottle, and sometimes the nipple will collapse.
And the bottle will not fit in most warmers.
I realized that you can never have too many bottles with my boy!!!
We like the fact that there is not so much air getting into the baby's tummy.My seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old.
They wash up quickly and I usually put them in my Avent microwave sterilizer.My one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples.
We got these from the lactation consultant's office a day after our daughter was born in a panic of needing to buy something.
Our daughter was breast fed mostly, but used these a few times a week.Venting system: I do hear air going back in the back end, so I suppose it is doing its job to some degree, but I also see air going back in through the nipple.Ease of washing: I dont think the five parts are all that difficult to wash/keep track of.
The bottom stopper does take a bit of attention to make sure formula isnt remaining there after washing though.
When I brought my newborn home I wasn't sure what to use.
He refused to take the regular VentAire so I tried the Natural Shape and have never gone back.
he still had the same problem!
Although she is older now (not a newborn) I have been quite tired and upset with Dr. Brown's bottles that we were using since her birth.
They have discolored greatly, yucky stuff was caked on inside the inner tubing, very hard to clean out, but most of all they constantly leaked after a month or two of owning.
Most importanly though they did not leak at all.
Of course flip a bottle upside down most will leak from the nipple.
The bottom of the conventional bottles would never get quite that clean, even when I use those bottle brushes.
The disc in the bottom is bigger - it's not a small little flap that can get lost in the dishwasher or even the countertop.
I never saw bubbles in the water, either.
The bent shape is perfect - not too much, not too little.
They require very little, if any, actual suction to remove the fluid from the bottle, so it's easy for baby to be lazy with the bottle, and consequently, to want to be a lazy nurser.
A lot of moms who don't have colicky babies use the bottle because it's such a trustworthy product.
Thanks Playtex.My daughter (5 months old) has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried Dr. Brown, evenflo, Gerber NUK, pretty much every kind we could find, and still no luck.
I used AVENT bottles before and they were horrible with leaking, but the Playtex Ventaire bottles solve that problem.
I will never use any other bottle but these again!First off, this particular bottle set came with fast flow nipples.
My baby had mild colic (unable to BF, so he's a formula baby) and after trying Avent, Evenflo and MAM, found that these bottom-venting bottles worked the best for reducing air bubbles in my baby.
We had a very colicky baby and tried anything we could to help her.
We tried the regular size but when he was younger it created some bad habits for when he nursed.these wide nipples keeping him latching correctly.
Aside from the fancy name, Playtex did not reduce baby's painful gas (from breast milk).
Also, the bottom can leak if not forcefully tightened - I lost 2 ounces of precious breast milk with these lousy Playtex bottles which were recommended by the women's clinic.
They leaked around his mouth and did not pressure equalize as well as the non-BPA bottles he has been using.
What distinguishes these is that they are supposed to prevent gas and colic.
We used many types of bottles with our first baby and he did have some colic problems, so we decided only to use Playtex VentAire with our second baby.
While these may be doing something, the results are not miraculous as gas/colic is an issue we still experience.We never experienced leaking with these bottles and do not think there are any disadvantages that these bottles have to others out there.
I am glad I didn't spend the money on them because the instructions warn not to use them in an electric bottle warmer.
Now I have to remember every time to make sure I get a towel and shake the bottle a little to make sure all the vent holes are emptied out before feeding our baby.
My child has not had much gas since using this product.
The angled neck is easy for me to hold while my baby is sitting up and prevents excessive gas in her stomach.
Make sure you twist the bottom on correctly, or milk will leak.
Tiny holes in the bottom of the bottle allow air to escape, so your baby is not taking in extra air while eating.
This helps reduce gas and supposedly colic.
You do want to make sure that you've got all of the pieces attached correctly or they will leak.
No bad seals.
I would rate the VentAire system 6 stars if I could.I ordered these bottles because they claim to alleviate gaseiness, my 3 month old had horrible gas issues.
i used these bottles for over a month, and her gaseiness was gone.These bottles are horrible, first I got only two of this brand because of an emergency since I've always used Dr. Browns but they got contaminated in the dishwasher, so I had to run and get at least two of this meanwhile cause Dr. Browns wide neck are hard to find at retailers in my area, so we used these two bottles for 2 days first they come with fast flow wich is Waaay to fast for my little guy and I would say any other baby younger than 6 months old, so I decided to get two nipples medium flow, guess what still fast, specially if You have a gassy baby, then in the last try I got the slow flow and guess what again, tooooo slow, It was like a nightmare, I had to use the small 4ozs Dr. Browns I had at home wich my baby is already drinking 5 ozs so...
These Playtex bottles leak horrible, and when you place them in the bottle warmer even worse because they get water in middle of the bottom rim, so they will be leaking anyways, for the amount of parts to clean up, I did not mind I'm used to it, cause I've always used Dr. Browns wich have several parts, these Playtex bottles got my baby full of gas wich defeats the porpouse of them bottles, they make so much bubbles in the nipples you can see and hear them, and the last thing is the nipple collapses so bad my baby stoped getting the flow and the nipples are really hard.
It does not include extra nipples.
Very pleased.The design seemed pretty neat with the whole angled idea and the vented bottom, however if you are the one stuck washing bottles at the end of the day don't buy these.
he hated the nipple on the bottle.
It is kind of hard to hold becasue it is so wide though.
I have never had a problem with leaking, those that do might not tighten the parts enough.
I'm glad I saved those because I couldn't stand these.
They leaked everywhere, the nipples were flimsy and my son had the hardest time trying to get anything out of them.
I thought that would make him super gassy but it hasn't at all.I haven't had any leaks (I have 12 bottles) and I even use a warmer although they recommend not using one.
I have quite a few clothes that needed sorting and baby isn't due for another 8 weeks but once baby gets here I didn't want hubby to just go in and pick ANYTHING, thus the need for clothes organizers.
I can easily plan ahead and get the right clothes on sale instead of having to go grab full price clothes at the last minute because baby is overheating in the summer.I do enjoy this, as it enhances the organization of baby's closet.
I just didn't realize that I'd probably be putting most of baby's clothes in the dresser at first...so there's not much in the closet to actually organize.
I have also since seen some pretty neat do-it-yourself ideas to achieve the same goal that you could come up with.As for the actual product, it comes with 5 hanging tags and then a bunch of label stickers to stick on them.
I kept all my baby's clothes organized and also helped me see what he need/had not worn yet.
I am glad I did.
Good problem to have.I feel like my babies closet is a rack in a department store.
My husband was constantly looking in the wrong section for an outfit, and it was just chaos!
Now, with these simple little markers, I feel completely organized, and I can easily sort out her outfits, so there is no excuse not to be able to grab her an outfit quickly.
We received SO many clothes it was hard to see which ones I had to use before she grew out of that size.
I placed NB, 3mth, etc stickers on one size, and then larger sizes stickers on back of NB hanger (once NB clothing retires, flip around to use as an 18month marker)I love this product.
Then once every few weeks go through your closet (ALL clothes) and see how each item would fit your baby and arrange accordingly.They are easy to use but hard to see the numbers once in the closet.
I will be using these until my son is two and then I'll have to buy some more!So cute, organizes the closet so I can easily see where the certain sizes are.
It fits kind of tight on my thick closet rod.We have a custom thick hanging rod, so it doesn't run smoothly.But I'm sure it will fit fine in standard closets.It's a great organizing tool!These work pretty well in my son's closet!
rather than &#34;0-3 months&#34; and &#34;3-6 months.&#34;  Many clothes are like this these days as well and it's not very helpful for us.
They tend to not slide very well on our older, metal rods (they are also thicker than most newer rods) but I'm positive this would not be a problem on a plastic tension rod or something of the sort--just gets stuck on the metal I think!Using these for a nursery.
And since getting them, not once has my husband dressed either of our older boys in the toddler's clothes!I purchased the Baby Buddy Size-It Closet Organizers in Royal Blue.1.
This ensures that these organizers will be useful for many years, as once child outgrows a certain size, that organizer can be recycled into the next size up.4.
Obviously, it will break if abused, but product has enough give to be put on and taken off dowel repeatedly.I have been given a ton of baby clothes for my baby girl and this tool is a great way to organize all the cute outfits by size so that she does not grow out of a size before she can wear the outfit.
Only complaint is that if you use these in a closet with a shelf above the bar they may not fit completely as the tops of the dividers are very high.Great deal!
My son keeps accidentally throwing his spoons away with his yogurt, so these are replacements and I am glad to not have to invest too much for them!I bought these because they were cheap and provided plenty spoons for your money.
The &#34;take' makes sense as they are inexpensive and loosing one would be merely inconvenient.
Dishwasher safe but also don't feel bad about throwing them away is the end up in some far corner of the couch.I bought these for use on a camping trip and ended up reusing most of them despite my intent to use them as disposables.
;)They can be washed over and over in the dishwasher and at the same time, can be thrown away without guilt when out and about as they are so cheap.I got these spoons for a trip and planned to throw them away but like them so much I had to keep some of them, and plan to buy more if we ever run out.
I have twin babies and needed a lot of spoons that were small enough for little mouths., price was great.The handle is not too deep so they do fit in the funny little slots of my silverware holder in the dishwasher.
I love that I don't have to worry about pitching them, if we are out somewhere and it's easiest to do so.
I would not throw them away if I don't have to.
I was worried they would melt, but they did great!
They aren't as pretty or quite as sturdy, but they are great.
Don't have to worry about washing every day, can just throw in the dishwasher and then there are plenty in the reserve to use.16 pieces seems excessive until one drops on the floor, one is thrown, he'll want to hold one and feed himself, etc.
And the price was great to be able to feed him either in the car or at a restaurant and just throw away the spoon and not worry about washing/rinsing them and re-packing them.
The bowl of the spoon is narrow and not too deep, so the food actually gets into my son's mouth.
), comfortable, and gentle on babies' sensitive gums (though they are plastic, not the rubber-tipped kind).
You get so many for a great price and they're not cheap either.
My only complaint is the handles are a little shorter than I would perfer, but still perfectly functional.We have 2 of these mirrors, one in my sedan and one in my husbands SUV.
I discovered negative #1 in the store: it uses a giant safety pin (as well as a strap) to attach to the seatback.
Highly impractical for any vehicle with a leather interior or with a rear seat that folds down in the middle.
The problem is, it won't stay in place no matter how tightly you adjust the straps.
We're expecting baby #2 soon and will purchase one more of these since they do work well, so just make sure you get those pins to go along with it!I purchased this mirror because it looked like a great way to keep an eye on the kids while on the road... well, it's a great size, it's very clear, and I love the pattern on it... but it won't stay put!!
), but I would definately look into other options as well!Our car does not have a middle headrest and we have leather seats, so if I had read these reviews first, I might not have registered for this mirror.
I'm certainly glad that I have it now!
A friend of mine doesn't have the mirror and she turns around at every stop to check on her son (we can't help it - we're first time moms).By the way, we were concerned about it becoming a projectile in a crash, but, when we had the carseat installation checked by our insurance company, they said it was secure enough and not to worry.
Now the mirror is useless and I'm not very happy at all about having to replace it.Just be careful.....Don't clean it if it's not absolutely necessary, and then be ready for permanent smears.I bought this mirror when our daughter was a few weeks old and I don't see how I lived without it when I had my first two boys.
I think if or baby is not that strong and tall, this would probably work great.The design is ideal.
IT DOES COME WITH QUALITY 3M TAPE,  but that could not hold the weight.
I just got this a few days ago and it does not stay on.
My son is tall, and was reaching up for pans, and is now unable to get to them.
I'm buying some 3M VHB tape from Amazon and will give it a second try.As far as installation, the clips were a little hard to get onto the shields at first, but it's easy to adjust the width to fit your range.Overall, I'd say it's worth the price compared to the other options I've found.It worked well for a few weeks then the adhesive wore off and quit sticking.
Now it is just a crappy piece of plastic.This product is three pieces of rectangular plastic that fit side by side and overlap a bit.
So when you're walking through the kitchen it's in the way, even if you're not cooking.
So when the baby reaches up and touches it, it's not cool to the touch.Does it keep him from putting his hand on the hot burners?
Yes, but other than that it's a pretty poor design in my opinion.
Would not buy again.I have tried several stove guards, and this seems like the only one that might work, but I don't think the adhesive will last very long.
My glass stovetop is exposed on three sides, and I haven't yet found an effective way to block the stovetop from my toddlers.I'm confused by all the bad reviews as the tape on this product stuck to the surface of our stainless steel stovetop for over 5 years before I removed it with a razor blade!
I'm here again to buy a new one because we have a new toddler in the house who nearly grab a pan yesterday (super scary moment there!)!
Sidenote: Amazon prompted the rating of the educational value and 'fun' value of this item and would not allow the review without it.
Clearly it is not a toy, nor is there educational value.Be sure to use the sealing discs between this and the bottle or milk will get everywhere!I'm sure the product is fine, however, it doesn't fit The First Years Breastflow bottles as I had hoped.
It turns out they do not fit.
I loved not having to transfer milk from one bottle to another.The kit came with two sets of adapters to connect directly from the Medela pump to most bottles, the one pair fits Avent (old & new style Natural) bottles perfectly.
I made that mistake.
I have used these many times and I have not any leaking problems.
While the width seems like it would work with the wide-mouth glass bottles, the parts are simply not threaded the same.I love this product!
Make sure when you buy this product it comes with two of each of the adapter rings.
So glad I got this because I was sick of pumping into the medela bottles came with my pump & then transferring the milk into the AVENT bottles so giving me extra bottles to wash all the time!
Just make sure you still use the ring to seal the converter to your bottle or you will spill your milk everywhere!
I learned that the hard way!I was so hoping this would work with the drop ins bottles so I could pump right into the drop ins, but no.
It was a waste of money for me but I'm sure a dandy product.i use this with my medela to pump directly into the avent bottles.
as another reviewer has mentioned, the nipples on the medela bottle tend to collapse.
however, i noticed that milk leaks to the outside of the bottle while pumping.
this has happened quite a few times, which is very disappointing.
in retrospect, i missed something that was pretty obvious, but i wish there were some instructions that specified this.I hated switching from a standard bottle to the avent bottle and now I can just pop an avent bottle on my original pump.
You don't have to worry about transferring milk and risk spilling it.
We ended up not using Avent bottles, but I still use these with an Avent bottle set to pump and transport milk between work and home.Bought these because we were using a Medela pump and Philips bottles.
Don't feel forced to buy all new bottles or a brand new pump just to make your system work!Seemed like a great kit, but unfortunately, we never ended up using it bc our daughter would ONLY take playtex drop-ins bottles.
I can't believe it took me 2 months to find there but I'm so glad that I did.
If it sprays out the flapper up against the threads, however, then it is forced down into the bottle.I hope I described this well enough...
It's hard without a picture :/These worked with the Medela Breast Pump.
The little 4-oz bottles that originally came with the pump worked great at first - but our twins are growing fast, and now regularly eat more than 4 ounces per feeding.That left us with two options: my wife could start taking a large cooler with her so that she could pump into more than one bottle per side each session (which would be a long, inconvenient, and somewhat messy process to change bottles mid-pumping) or to pump into larger bottles.
But while pumping, I've experienced no leakage.I am an exclusive pumper, going on two months now, and have an oversupply "problem."
After overflowing one of the ameda bottles in a very messy drive home, I decided I needed to pump into bigger bottles.
But they are handy to have and I'm sure I'll use them again.
I give five stars because they could save other people a lot of time and washing - just not me.I think I'd been pumping for 6 months before I found these, which meant I was washing more pump bottles and pump parts every single day.
These work great and screw onto both the pump (I use an Ameda Purely Yours) and bottles easily!I hated the Avent pump, but loved the bottles.
I hated the Medela bottles, but loved the pump.
This solved my problem!I could used the Medela pump with the Avent bottles now.
Perfect world.So glad I stumbled upon this product!
I love it that they allow me to pump directly into the bottle, however, you have to be careful, because the milk can leak out of the side of the converter.
You need to make sure that you also buy covers for storage purposes because even if you try to use the lids that come with the bottles, you will still get some leakage.These are great adapters!
the only thing is, you must remember to put the adaptor ring on the avent bottle before you put this adaptor on, if not, it will leak if you don't stay upright.
this package comes with the adaptors for the avent nurser kit too, but i've never use it, and i wish they just sell them separately.You would figure that using this kit is a no brainer, screw it in and pump right?
I am not lowering my rating based on this since it is my error for not using the ring.I also have found that I can pump directly into different brands of storage bags using this connector when I used my Medela pump with the very old Avent Naturally drop-in liner bottles (no longer sold but I occasionally see it on ebay).
I do not know if you could pump directly into the Avent Tempo with any type bags as I have not tried it.
This way I don't have to transfer from bottle to bag.Based on the product pictures and product description, I could not figure out a couple things:1.
No more transferring from the Medela bottles (with the awful nipples that collapse due to the vacuum created when the baby drinks).As for pumping directly into storage bags, I have used the Nuk, Medela, and Lansinoh bags with the Avent drop-in bottles and find that the Lasinoh bags work the best with this system.
I'll try it again when my son moves out of the infant carrier and into the big car seat.I bought two of these undermats and wish I had not.
They do not &quot;grip&quot; our cars leather seats and cause the infant car seats to slide a bit.
We had our car seats inspected and the police officers doing the inspection said not to use these liners.
I remembered all of the stains from the first two that we had a terrible time getting out.
This solved our problem.
Not only did the police officer who checked our installation not tell us not to use, he said it was one of the coolest things he'd ever seen.
At first I thought the coolest thing about it was the mesh container that hangs in front of the seat - a great place to stash used bottles, diapers, etc., but when we recently took the base out to install the next size car seat, we saw a bunch of caked on spit-up and other nastiness that never made it onto the leather, thanks to the under mat!
They did not grip our leather seats, and actually made the car seat slide around so I took them back, and 3 1/2 years and two more kids later haven't felt like I missed them a bit.
In case of an accident or a problem with the car seat, using any additional product (such as this mat or an attached fleece covering) may void the warranty of your car seat!Very durable and easy to cleanWarms up milk in about 2-3 minThere's no indicator that shows exactly how warm your milk will be but using common sense and maybe your fingers.... Should be enoughEXCELLENT product - - VERY VERY useful while traveling (there are electric plug points in all restaurants, hotel rooms and at airport gates etc).very useful at home too.Personally, I love this bottle warmer.
You need to watch how much water you put in it; however, because if you put too much water in it and are only making about 2 ounces, you will end up making the water in the bottle too hot for baby to eat.
This of course is not the products fault but the fault of the person using the warmer.
I would recommend cleaning it out every so often to get rid of hard water build up and such, but it's great!We bought this for warming milk bottles for our baby, cold ones from the fridge and room temp water for formula.
The instructions for how much water to add are not right at all.
There is a little ring piece, which is not attached, and if you lose it, the thing does not work AT ALL since all the steam just escapes!
The instructions say to wipe with vinegar periodically, which I have found you actually have to do every day or else you will never get the build up out.
Unfortunately after just three weeks of light use (only feeding baby a bottle when she was still hungry after nursing) the bottle warmer got stuck to the on position and would not shut off causing it to be unusable.This warmer has lasted us through hundreds of bottles and jars of food - I had no idea it would be so useful when I bought it!It's small, easy to use, and heats bottles and food exactly the way my son likes them, because I can add whatever amount of water I need.
I was wrong!
You have to be quite careful to measure out the right amount of water, as it makes all the difference to the temperature.The bottles do get warmed up with the max water measurement.
I have yet to over-heat a bottle (you should always check anyway).We bought this bottle warmer after the Avent warmer was not available.
This bottle warmer is perfect for my husband to use to heat up pumped milk while i'm at work.it's very quick and easy to use, especially when you have a screaming hungry infant!I only recomend to not use it if you are using the playtex nurser inserts, they get way to hot even on the lowest setting.
Builds up brown rusty film on bottom which is hard to remove and smells2.
Heats up bottle to extreme temperatures sometimes while milk is cold insidePretty good for price but have to be careful and not touch the top while active, can get burned.
We found that it can only heat up one bottle every 10 minutes, which is a real problem when you are trying to heat up two bottles or you mess up the first time, and its too cold or too hot, which is common with this warmer because you are constantly adjusting how much water to put in.
I would leave it there, but my husband uses it if she gets hungry and Im not home from work yet.
It was priced right, too!This product works well when you abide by the instructions and put in the suggested amount of water; not a drop more.
For us, it's - ok, Jessica is upset because she's hungry.
I can't put her down, because then she gets even more upset.
Instead of me messing with a stove, a pot, several cups of (boiling) water, waiting for it to boil (and trust me, with a crying child in your arms, it seems to take forever), and potentially burning my daughter in the process, why not try the easier way?
Best of all, my daughter doesn't have to cry for 10 minutes while I wait for water to boil and the bottle to heat up.That's my story.
Heating her bottles up the long way was not working.
Also, according to the chart for the amount of water us I find myself using more than what it says if not I end up with cold milk.I wasn't sure if we really "needed" this product, but now that I have it, I can't imagine life without it!
I don't have to worry about boiling water or anything.
The longer she's up at night, the harder it is for her to fall back to sleep and sleep is a high priority for me.Do you have to wait 10 minutes after one heating session?
Whoever who states its too hot or too cold and complains about it clearly has not read the directions and did not try again because it tells you what to do if its not the temp you want.
To use this simple tool, you need to know if you have an old school bottle or the newer wide mouth bottle and how many ounces your bottle can hold (not how many ounces you're using) and whether you're starting from refrigerated or room temp.
Press the button down (not in, I thought my warmers were broken) and you'll hear a click or see the light go off when it's done (in about a minute or so...amount of time for a diaper change).
Keep a rag/towel handy to wipe off the moisture around the bottle when its done.The reason why I give it only 4 stars is because the measuring vial is a pain in the a$$ to fill each time and you have to be exact with the amount of filling water to make your bottle the right temp, but the filling lines are so close together.
We barely even use it anymore because it it not too convenient when you have a hungry baby waiting for her bottle.It's an average bottle warmer, but broke after a couple months worth of usage.
It DOES allow the bottle to overheat and when your little one is demanding food - NOW - it is inconvenient to wait 10-15 minutes for it to cool down.
Major pain since I like to change my baby while his bottle is warming.
I hated thinking about thawing milk on the stove while my baby sat waiting & hungry, so I couldn't wait to try this quicker approach.However, when I read the manual, it stated the warmer could only be used once every TEN minutes.
I prayed and hoped it would thaw it out the 1st try so my baby wouldn't get fussy while waiting for it.Unfortunately, after using the warmer, the milk was still mostly frozen and had "hot spots."
The vial of water requires some trial and error to make sure the bottle isn't too warm or too cold but other than that no issues.I haven't had as much luck with using it to heat up solid food.
It always seems to be a little cool, no matter how much water I put in the vial.I have not had the problems that others have listed.
My warmer does shut off after a few minutes of warming and has never boiled the bottles.
I have found that it does not warm chilled bottles using the amount of water recommended.
Luckily, my baby is not to picky.
It's handy and easy to use, even in my sleep-deprived condition.I'm not totally satisfied with this product.
Once you get that little calibration problem worked out, everything seems to work satisfactorily.
No...and it's not.
I can leave it, change her and come back to a warm bottle.The only thing I hate it the brown caramel-like residue in the bottom.
Nothing is more stressful than a hungry baby crying...this got the bottle warm so quick!My only complaint I have I about this bottle warmer is that it takes 2 cycles most times to get the bottle to the proper temperature.
I am not sure if my fridge is just set to a colder setting than most or what, but I was warming pumped breastmilk and I have had to do it 2 cycles almost every single time because otherwise it's still too cold and my infant son does not want to drink it.
The problem with this is that if he is upset and crying and I am not home to nurse him, my husband has to try to calm a fussy baby while attempting to warm up a bottle for him.
Never had a problem with it.
Takes a little to figure out how much water to use for the right temp, but not too hard.We had this warmer for our second baby and wish I had purchased it for our first born also.
We had some overheat and underheat until we figured it out.
!I have not used this product yet but the price was right, the quality of the product looks good, and I am looking forward to seeing the result of its use.This heats bottles fast and has auto turnoff when it is down, but I still watch it to make sure doesnt over heat.
would recommendThis bottle warmer was horrible.
My baby seems to like room temperature fluids so actually warming a bottle for her takes literally a minute or two at most since I am not heating to a higher temperature.
Also, I learned the hard way that adding even just a few more drops of water (say filling to the 8 instead of the 7 on the little measuring dispenser) makes a huge temperature difference, so once you know exactly how much water you need, stick with it.
I am sure others know what I mean at 3AM when you barely have your eyes open and try to slide that sucker into the grooves just right...ya, not easy.I've only had this item for about a month, so I can't speak to the longevity of it, but so far I am very happy with it, and should it break I would purchase another just for the convenience of it.Great product.
Works great everytime and never too hot.
Very quick and easy.I'm not familar with other brands but this works well enough for me.
Figure if the steam can't escape as easily because you've got a wider bottle, it'll heat up quicker.This warmer works when it wants to which means only when i'm testing it and never when I need to warm a bottle at 3 am!
The only trouble was that the recommended amount of water did not heat the milk beyond a cool temperature -- not even to room temp.
And I checked my fridge -- it's the normal temp, about 37 degrees, so it's not because the bottles were colder than normal.
They are also a harder plastic than the bottles we used to use (Medela bottles), so I think perhaps the harder plastic conducts heat better.
Sometimes however, when I have a 7 ounce pack it takes a few times through it to get it all the way warmed.
Walking away while heating a bottle is not wise anyway, so it really isn't a problem standing there for it and it is a whole lot quicker than boiling water.Good concept, poor execution.
Do not buy.One thing to keep in mind when purchasing this warmer: it's a great price and gets the job done, but that's not to say that there aren't better ones out there on the market.
Also, no need to worry about forgetting to turn it off in those first few foggy weeks of motherhood... auto- shut off!!!
I mix all the bottles in the morning, put them in the refrigerator and use this to heat up the formula so that it is not freezing cold.
I don't know how accurate the water-lines are because after experimenting with various amounts of water I don't think we've actually had a &#34;warm&#34; bottle yet - rather its just not cold - which I am completely fine with because I don't particularly want my baby becoming accustom to warm bottles when we are out or in the middle of the night.
However, it has a timer and auto-shuts, but there is no alarm to tell you that the milk is ready so it's very easy to burn bottle.
Doesn't matter if the cap is on or the nipple, the lip of the tops are just under the ridge of the warmer so it's hard to grasp.The last thing you need is to have to put everything down to check a bottle constantly.
The only thing about this warmer is the trial and error needed to get going.
The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the trial and error needed to figure out how much water for the bottle and amount of formula.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to invest in one more thing - especially since we weren't going to need it constantly, but I'm very GLAD we did!
Do not have a lid or nipple already on the bottle.
Then I fill up the measuring tube full (i don't even need those number line these days, they are useless for my purpose), I pour all water in there, set the bottle in the steamer, and I cover it with a coffee mug that fit perfectly (not tight), turn the switch and after 3-4 mins, it will auto turn off, usually there'll be a small cube of frozen milk floating in the bottle, that's why I leave it alone covered for another 2 mins before I take it out and feed the baby.
it does not re-set.
it comes with the container that you fill up with the water to pour in.It sure beats warming a bottle up on the stove, but it could use a couple of improvements.I think the recommended amount of water to add is based on room temperature bottles, not refrigerated milk, because it never gets warm enough by their measures.
It doesn't take up a lot of space and it also warms jarred food.totally not working!
you had to add hot water to heat the bottle while it does not work.I bought this when my daughter got back from the hospital from the NICU.
But the measurements are all wrong.
but for $15 you can't go wrong.
Now the heating function never turns off, so I have to watch the bottle carefully before it overheats the formula.
My screaming hungry baby hated it, took many minutes for a 3oz bottle and it was either too cold or too hot.I like that the unit doesn't take up a lot of space, it's light weight and only needs a small amount of water to warm the bottle.
You can always heat milk again, but it's a pain to wait for it to get cooled down when you have a whiny, hungry baby and a bottle that's way too hot.So, just be careful!Yes, sometimes it overheats the bottle if you don't take it out as soon as it's done, but it gets the job done quickly and easily.
Wanting to exclusively breastfeed for at least the first year, I was devastated that my sweet little girl would not latch on properly and that when she did, she was unable to empty me completely.
We have never had an overheated bottle, and my daughter loves the temperature.
It's easy to operate even in the dark (just prepare the water up front).
Also, does not take too much space on our counter.
It never heated the bottles as well as the one that we had, and the bottles gradually got less and less warm, until the warmer didn't work at all.
Warming a bottle to the right temp is tricky but this warmer makes it easy.It is tricky to get the right formula down for heating.
At first we were following the directions, a little difficult to understand, and the milk from the fridge came out cool but not body temp warm like from the breast.
Only thing people don't realize, is that it takes trial and error.
I've used this with formula and breast milk w/o any issues.This is the worst bottle warmer ever.
The bottles were either too hot and I mean smoking hot or not warm enough.
You could never leave the bottle, walk away and come back hoping that it would be the right temperature.
The water tube that comes along with it does not hold enough water to warm her bottle sufficiently.
I read the reviews and it got ok reviews so I bought it, boy was I disappointed when I finally started using it.I wouldn't say its horrible but it's really not the best, it doesn't take long to warm the bottles and it shuts off once it's down; however, it doesn't always warm the bottles up in one use OR it will get it so hot that you end up having let the milk sit so it's not too hot for baby and when your baby is screaming that's not an ideal situation.
Carefull to check the milk, sometimes can be too hot too fast!This product is simple and easy to use, but it's not reliable.
This can also be dangerous.
But with any bottle sterilizer you have to make sure you don't lose the ring that goes around the top, too bad those don't snap in.For the first week, we warmed bottles in tap water.
It was time consuming and inconvenient.
When it is through, it shuts itself off so you don't have to remember to do it yourself.The only problem is that the inside has turned a little brown from the heat (burned-like) but since it hasn't affected anything, it doesn't seem to matter.I PURCHASED THIS WARMER AND THE FIRST YEARS NIGHT AND DAY BOTTLE WARMER FOR MY BEDROOM.
This product did work, however, for my standard size Playtex Vent Air bottles but did not heat up my friend's wide mouth bottles when she tried to use it.
The actual temperature of the bottle itself is fine and has never been too hot, so it might just be the way it works with the design of Avent bottles.Previous reviewers were right - it's tricky to get this warmer to warm up your bottle just right.
The little plastic measuring cup on the side is difficult to attach back on the warmer and the measuring lines are hard to see.
Probably helps that our baby is not too picky when it comes to bottle temperature.- Done heating fast, usually in under 2 minutes.Cons:- Cheap feel/design/on button- Doesn't heat the bottle too well, even with "max" amount of water.
of formula, I can't imagine how poorly it will heat bigger bottles!- You can't turn it off once it's on by pushing the button.
Hasn't done it since, however it's probably not a good idea to leave the unit on & walk away.Overall it's just okay.
It rusted on the inside despite maintenance, and we were even careful not to leave liquid sitting in it.
I changed my rating to 2 stars because for the price, it did work for a while, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.I bought this to take out the guess work and hassle of warming bottles, but it is not working for me.
Occasionally when I warm a bottle it somehow seems to boil the milk out if it.
Not bad when you have a hungry baby screaming in the middle of the night.
Just be sure to read the instructions and follow it thoroughly before use and you shouldn't have any problems as I have not had.
Don't let calcification build up a lot or it's more difficult to clean.This bottle warmer is slow and seems to accumulate some guck at the bottom.
However, after using for a while, I found out something bad about the warmer: I use the silimac bottles and try to warm it with breast milk by using this warmer.
For some reasons, the bottom of the bottle became crack-looking eventually, even it does not seems leaking or anything, but you can see there a lot of tiny crack mark on the bottom of the bottle and it does not look good anymore.
I do not know if anybody else has the same problem since I did not see the same problem in other reviews.
Also, I do not know it is the bottle problem or not, but I do not have such issue when I use hot water to reheat it.
I might later try other type of bottle to see if they have the same problem, hopefully not, otherwise, I will be kind of disappointed that this warmer tent to destroy the bottle gradually.I have two bottle warmers, this one and the Avents one.
Always make sure you test the milk before you feed your baby!
This bottle warmer is sooo quick and easy, I could put the water up to the predetermined line of the measurer(that comes with) poor it in and left it alone.
Her only complaint was the directions say to let it cool off for 10 minutes before using it again.
My solution was to send her a second one, even though I know her hubby will complain about having more stuff.
The water measuring tube is a pain to attach to the unit when you are not using it.
There has been nothing wrong with ours.
Also you have to wait 10 minutes to try again, if a bottle is not warm enough, you have to use something else anyway!
It's easy-to-use, other than the aforementioned problem, and doesn't take up a lot of space.
Since I have twins, I wish they would make these with two sides or not require the 10 minutes between each use (even though I mostly ignore that and add more water just before the light goes out).Overall, this is a lifesaver.
I would advise ppl not to fill the water vile unless you are warming up maybe 8 oz of thickened milk.
It heats the bottle in a matter of minutes and is never too hot.I am a breastfeeder.
We are past the point of sleep deprivation, so I don't blame the use of this product on not enough sleep - it really is very confusing to use.The directions are quite unclear and the chart used to tell you how much water to put in is even more unclear.
Several times, we have put too much water in, and the bottle gets way too hot, which is dangerous!This is only my opinion and I do not believe has anything to do with lack of intelligence.Overall this product works as documented/expected.
The only reason for not giving a full 5 star rating is that the heating is not consistent.
Even if you use the amount of water as recommended in the documentation, the heating is not consistent.
I wish they had perfected the heating time based on actual temperature of the contents.Well worth the Money, but it needs an off switch!
We never tried heating up food so I can't comment on that part of the warmer.The bottle warmer is quite frustrating to work with.
Some reviews have stated that this warmer boils the bottles but that is not true, there is never enough water in there to boil it, the release of steam gives the impression that the bottle is boiling but it isnt.
That is not a problem if you know how much water to put in it the first time.
It says you can do baby food in it too, but I'm not that far yet.
I could never get the amount of water and time right.
I just went back to a cup of water and this thing is sitting in a box.We went through every bottle with our son and this warmer fit them all without problem.
However, always make sure you test the temperature of the milk before you give it to your baby as it can be to hot (or too cool) sometimes.
The biggest downfall is that you have to wait 10 minutes to reheat again.
This is the most awful product.
We tried it 3 times, once actually following direction, then twice adding more water to see if it makes any difference.
The ONLY thing it does is get the actual bottle hot.
Almost too hot to the touch, but if you test out the actual formula, it was literally ice-cold.
Awful, awful product.
But we have to continue doing it the old-fashioned way.I got this because after a couple nights of cranky colic baby, there was no way in hell I was going through that again!
It's not a brick but it doesn't feel like it out shatter if you sneezed on it.
It's big enough that even I can hit it half asleep no problem!
Not bad since the counter lost alot of its space to baby bottle holders/racks etc..- The price..I've seen some crazy prices on some and this certainly is the bang for the buck!
I was not buying one for 60+ dollars but I didn't want a cheapo one that broke quick or is more of a hassel to monitor.
As everyone else says bottle warming is not an exact science but when you figure your method, you make it as consistent as you can.PRO?CON?
- it does shut itself off however there is a learning curve to the amount of water you put into the chamber and how much milk/water is in the bottle.
This unit actually times itself by the amount of time it takes to boil off the water in the chamber.
I can't complain about the money spent here.
It's worth the few more hours of peace and quiet.
Again, bottle warming is not an exact science so get that dream out of your head, you just need to figure what works warmer water-to-bottle volume ratio and stick to it.
My husbands not so good at that so the results weren't always consistent, but is never had a problem :)This unit works very quickly to heat the four ounce bottles for our son, however you must watch the amount of water you add as it will overheat the bottles if left on for too long.
It was difficult to get the bottle at the right temp - it was either too hot or too cold.
That left a residue at the bottom of the warmer which would emit a weird odor that might make you think something is burning.
It doesn't do too bad, but sometimes it has its days where it nearly boils the formula and the next day the formula might still be ice-cold after getting "warmed".
Definitely nothing fancy and maybe not the absolute best product, but it works great for the price we paid for it.I'm quite convinced now that late pregnancy and early post-partum are probably the worst periods of time to try to figure out gadgets that don't have clear instructions.
This is more than 2x the amount generally recommended in the instruction sheet and the sticker plastered to the side of the unit has even less detail.Note that if you make the mistake of running the unit without any basket, some overheat sensor will trip before the water is completely used up after about a minute or so.Given that there is unlikely any product out there which monitors the temp of the solution being heated (or is otherwise aware of what kind of bottle/solution combo is in place), trial and error and patience will be required with any such product.
We have the full sized Dr. Brown bottle warmer but it's too big to carry along on short trips and vacations.PROS:Inexpensive but not cheap.
It's hard to find a functional bottle warmer in this price.Sized perfectly for travel.
It is not designed to warm multiple bottles.We're so glad we bought this bottle warmer.
If you use it wrong it will be like using a hammer to kill a fly.
I am very glad to have found this product.
What's wrong with just shaking the formula in the bottle?
That has always worked for us.My husband and I LOVE this mixer - we first used the Munchkin one, but didn't like that you had to constantly hold down the button to make it work, with this one you just flip the switch and it stays on.
**After 2 months of use, though, the first one we purchased broke - not sure how/why, but the mixer came out of unit when we were using it, so we have since purchased a replacement.
*******EDIT: Now the second one has broken as well - it starts making a very high pitched whining sound and then the "mixer" comes out of the "base" while you're using it (while it's turned on) and all we're doing it mixing powder formula and water in a mixing bowl - we are not touching the sides or the bottom of the bowl*****My wife picked up this interesting little gizmo and I get a kick out of using it.
So far, this has not been a major problem, especially since I let the mix set a bit, and I'm careful with the mixing so that it isn't overly churned.
The problem is I don't have a bar and don't drink martinis.
Worth more to me than what I paid, for sure!I got this formula mixer for my son who is eating more and more so shaking 6 bottles at a pop can be annoying.
Just be careful the first time you use it; it goes so fast that it could splash up on you if you aren't paying attention and you leave it in there for too long.The mixer seems very handy but I could not use it as I intended because it would not fit down far enough in Dr. Brown's 8-ounce bottles (regular width, not sure about wide).I bought this one because it had a lot of good reviews.
If you're not careful, the formula will go everywhere, especially in a 4 oz bottle.I sure wish I knew about this before I was on baby #3.
Lifetime of it is poor, but at such an low price with high return, it is worth buying a couple.
I would have given it five stars if it did not break so frequently.These work well for preventing spit up and air in baby's tummy.
Not surprisingly, this led to terrible gas and spitting up every time we fed.Secondly, I think these bottles are overpriced.
Even if they had worked for me, I would have been hard pressed to spend all that extra money.
I saw a difference after the first feeding.
And an hour later, he was happy as a clam, where in the past, he would have his legs pulled up to his chest, in pain from gas.I don't understand what the problem is that people have with cleaning the bottles.
If that doesn't work, then you can always boil the pieces for about a minute to sterilize them, without the pieces becoming distorted.
Also, if necessary, I have seen in the Babies R Us store that they sell a 2-pack of vents, as well as a 2-pack of tubes in case the need for new ones arises.My only complaint is that the bottles do leak if they fall on their side for a period of time, so that can be a little tricky when traveling in the diaper bag.
I solved that problem by pre-measuring water and putting it into one of my Medela breast pump bottles (which come with lids).
I have not found cleaning to be a problem.
I did not give the 4 oz bottles 5 stars as the stem barely reaches the top of the formula when filled to 4 oz.
But she just got fussier and fussier because she was spitting up everything at each feeding.
I suggest that you do use the wide mouth Dr. Browns bottles, but they are not available online.I have not had a problem cleaning them at all.
The only problem I have had comes when I do give him formula.
The instructions say not to shake it in the bottle, so I usually stir it instead.
One reviewer mentioned that when you add water, you go over the "Do not fill above this line" mark.
That has eliminated any problem regarding that mark.I strongly recommend this product!I bought a starter pack of these bottles due to the fact my daughter spit up alot of other bottles we tried.
What a difference.
They also fit in the sterilizer (laying down).My infant has had colic problems since day 1 it seems.
I bought these because of the reviews and am very glad I did.
I mean, yeah, it is annoying to wash soooooo many pieces and its very time consuming, however, it is very worth it!
I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but I don't really have a problem with that.
So, I'd recommend trying both brands to see which one your baby likes best.The Dr. Brown's bottle nipple seemed to have a faster flow than the Ventaire, even thought he nipples look almost identical!
My daughter burps easily, and sometimes not at all (without any negative effects)... her spit up is minimized by the bottles and she does have colic.
At that time I was using Avent bottles and they did not have a nipple to accommodate the thickened formula.
I'm so glad that I did!Once I got past the fact that the bottle looked as big as my daughter's head (the 8 oz.
As the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle.
The baby also has to frequently break the latch (and the nipple collapses at a certain point of pressure which causes them to unlatch) so that the pressure can equalize in the bottle.
I suppose this is because the Avent ones have to be thicker and stronger to resist collapsing under pressure?Others have stated that leaking is a problem.
I do recommend the wide-mouth bottles, though.I have recommended the bottles to several friends, however they are kind of a pain to clean since there are so many parts.
Honestly, though even though its a bit time consuming to clear all the parts I have seen a noticeable difference in these bottles compared to others I have tried, however.
They are also not as sturdy as some of the other plastic bottles for some reason, the plastic is a little more flimsy and the formula takes a little longer to heat up.
The only reason I continue to put up with this is because ever since using these although my sons gas has not completely dissipated, he burps on his own more.
I doubt these help with colic but they are a good preventative measure.i am the mother of twins.
I was very disapointed with them, my daughter would spill all the formula out of the sides of the bottles it was so difficult to feed her.
It was sort of a waste of money for me but it might be that my daughter is a fussy eater.
Our baby girl is five weeks old and these bottles helped with her colic and fussiness during and after eating.
These bottles are a must for babies with colic.I admit, I was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the Playtex Nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
Then she brought me these.. and he has not had a problem since... My son is a happy baby again!!!!
I read on here that cleaning them is a pain.. but that is just not so.
I ordered these because I wanted the ones that are not BPA free.
When I recieved them I was sad to see that they were the BPA free kind.
I tried the avent first, it's ok, but I'm not fond of the plain look.
It was ok for awhile then things starting getting messy.
If you hate washing dishes, this ain't for ya!
Now this bottle is very difficult.
If you put just a tad more milk the lid will leak and it's not easy trying to wash that skinny tube.
If I had ten hands I'd give it (10) thumbs up!My baby has reflux and extra gas just makes him completely miserable.
Thus, the baby swallows less air from the having work so hard to get food.
My baby has bad gas, and I knew these bottles would help.
It practically stopped his spit-up, he's never had colic, and by using these bottles and giving him gas drops, he's got no gas, and is a happy baby!
I have no problem with it leaking as long as the top is twisted on correctly.
However, everything clogged in them and it never worked well for me at all.Also, Target lost my order and eventually it arrived, weeks late.
Frustrating...A very bad experience with a product that worked very poorly for me.Not recommended.My son has reflux and the doctor said to put some rice cereal in his bottle.
It took my son a couple of tries to understand not to suck too hard because he was getting more but he's a pro now!I bought these for my 4 month old, who needs cereal in her formula.
we have to spoon feed it to him.I bought these because I thought that I was going to start adding cereal to my son's milk, however then realized this was a no no.
I know that many people out there do this and I'm sure this nipple would work out great, however I did not use this product after all.I looked for spoons that I could take everywhere and didnt had to wrap on a napkin (annoying) and found this.
Read some reviews before buying it and I agree that one doesn't fit ...instead of placing the 8 of them, only 7 fit but that's not an issue as I dont use all in one day so I just leave one outside for next time.
Since your not able to choose colors, I was hoping for green and blue and I received just that.
Be sure to separate the nipples!
Slow, medium and fast are indistinguishable!!
!so far 3 months of use and still no problems: boil them or steralize in microwavable bags and still haven't had to replace anyLike it a lot.
At 3 months, he was having a hard time getting the milk to flow through the 0-3 month nipples, so we bought some of the 3-6 month and 6+month nipples.
It is a personal choice.I ordered these because they said slow flow, and they really are not in my opinion.
However these are very bad for compatibility, and they are very leaky.
This is a great price for nipples, and you  might think you should stockpile ( I did, I bought a dozen) but it's not worth it, you get what you pay for.
The nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
Spend the money, buy the good stuff.These nipples are not bad but still did not slow down my son from eating too fast.
My daughter does like them but they are not a favorite.These nipples worked perfectly and wore well.
Only problem I would say is that there is no way to tell which are fast, medium or slow - there are no markings.
They had much less colic and gas when using them.
I've always used them with the old-fashioned evenflo glass bottles and, recently, they have become very difficult to find.
I've stocked up to have them for future grandchildren, because I haven't come across another type or brand of nipple that works so well.I have no complain about the product...but the baby just do not like it...she takes any pacifier bu not this one... donno why..this was the perfect pacifier for my baby and the only one she could stand after trying more than 10 types.My son never used these...since he is a boy and the ones I received were pink...so I can't attest to whether he liked them or not.Maybe it's just me, but colors may vary just doesn't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutral.I gave these 5 stars because they are soft and well designed.
However my baby doesn't like them but it is my own fault for not reinforcing the pacifier soon enough so I bought these to try them, hoping that my baby would magically take it.
They do not contour to the baby's lips and cheeks at all (which avoids red marks and rashes!)
The large round base makes it easy for him to manipulate on his own, and it doesn't make any goofy imprints on his face.Update:My twins are now 18 months old, and not only does my passi-loving boy still adore this pacifier, now his typically thumb-sucking brother likes to walk around with one of these pacifiers in his mouth, too.
We have tried other pacifiers, because these particular ones are becoming difficult for me to find at my local store.
It's not a mark against the product though, since my boys have plenty of teeth, and like to bite and pull on these.Used for dolls, and these are as close to the vintage version that was very similar as I can find :)First try I bought her pacifiers, I bought these at the grocery store and ever since she will spit out or throw any other pacifiers, but these.
I don't give a crap about color because its not like my daughter cares right now anyways, as long as these do their job and help my daughter stay calm or go to sleep is ALL I care about.My daughter has been taking these since she was born, shes now almost three and I just cant get rid of them like I wanted to.
The nipples are round and wont start messing up on you after all that chewing and sucking.My 17 month old son loves this pacifier - however - the problem is that it is addictive!
It was the first pacifier he was introduced to so her will not take any other pacifier.
This is a huge headache because its very hard to find them in some stores and when we lost it while on vacation we had a very very hard day.
Not sure if it makes a difference, but the ones I received the rubber part is pulled through and clamped under the paci.
Because I have had some that looked like the one pictured and it is difficult to clear the water after washing.
Then baby makes a squishing noise when sucking and makes it hard for him to sleep.
Since these are so hard to find retail (only at Wall***t)and often out of stock, we have been using a similar shaped paci from avent?
I tried to give him every single kind & he hated them all until I came across these.
Lots of unhappy customers with boys.My baby kept on gagging on these.
Don't buy!These aren't the best nipples we purchased, but they're not the worst either.
They are not leak proof though so if you're looking for leak proof these are not it.
Also, if you're one who puts cereal in the bottle (Something I don't recommend doing unless a doctor suggests it - just a personal opinion) the holes aren't big enough for that either.I bought these through prime to avoid a trip to a box store.
They are not fast flow, which would choke my son.
What is the point of them I do not know.
Would have returned but not worth even worrying with so I just threw them away!!
My baby is used to pinching on the nipple hard, other nipples get stuck due to vacuum and milk doesn't pass.
It is said to be good for colic babies not sure how exactly that works.I would recommend this if your kid has the same problem as mine.
The only thing is that you have to be sure that it fits you bottle these are the standard ones.
Silicone is not thin as the others we have tried.
My kids are not complaining.Made in USA.I bought it for some standard bottle i had with medium flow nipples.
We just shake the bottles with a paper towel around the top... weird, but it does the trick alright.
It is hard to EXACTLY push the cap down directly onto the nipple and keep the nipple at 90 degrees.
I've had these caps fill with Similac when the bottle topples over in a diaper bag...try feeding a hungry baby in a mall with a cup full of milk that is about to leak all over everything...not fun...To improve the product, there should be an upside-down saucer-shaped plastic piece in the dead center of the inside of the top of the cap.
Do that and they'll always come out clean.I bought these as extras in case I lose some as my son gets older.I use this not only for baby's bottle cap but to train baby to sip from a regular cup.
Be careful and just let baby's lips barely touch the water as it could go into the wrong tube.
I don't have to worry about pinched fingers anymore.
We put it in top if the door and you don't even notice it's there.I try to keep ahead of what will harm my kids like covers over the oven knobs and a lock proof top for sparkletts water dispenser.
I can put them high enough that the kids can't get to them and don't have to worry about squished fingers.
It's just enough to let the crying noise through but not the lights from the rest of the house.They have withstood twin teething toddlers, and fit our doors great.
We live in a house with doors from the 60s.Most of the bad reviews about these are on exterior doors being slammed or blown by wind... all I can say is they can withstand the slamming of a toddler really well.My oldest son got his finger caught in a door jam at school, after spending time in the ER we were not going to let it happen again.
:(I am sure these were designed for the one option on the door and they work for that, but they did not address the other side and for that I give it a 2 star.I have since removed them and found that my daughter uses them as elf ears for dress up.
It makes me feel so much better not having to worry about her slamming her fingers in the door.
My aunts assured me that they were all that they used with their children and it wasn't that bad.
They do only go to 8 oz but I have never had a baby to take more than 8 oz at one time.
I get mine from walmart.nice product but just as easy to buy the generic store brand at a cheaper price.Either way the ones they are selling here seem to be the standard ones that are pictured not DropIns as the Title says.
Standard liners are not hard to use.
Unfortunately you can't mix the formula in them because its hard to measure correctly where as you can pretty well with the dropins.
On the negative side, you can forget trying to measure water in these, I have to use a glass measuring cup and just pour in the amount needed which takes away their portability.
I will not be purchasing them again however.
I've not had any trouble with the Drop-ins leaking like some other reviewers (yet!!).
The problem I had with the Mommy's helper was that it was way too big and left too much space for the door to open and eventually pinch little fingers.
My only suggestion is to resist the urge to tighten it a lot, because it can be a little hard to loosen afterward.
As long as it's snug, it's not going anywhere.These go on in two seconds, and are easy to slide over or remove.
(But he hasn't busted into the closet yet.
If you are unable to reach the top of your closet doors easily though, this product will get annoying quick.
I'm just glad his socks and shoes aren't scattered all over his room now...Don't waste your time with this one--it just pops right off the top.
The photo is misleading and makes it look like they lock in the middle between the doors, but they actually slide into place where the doors fold, so make sure to order two.I was a little disappointed when we received these, as they're rather difficult to move (especially for a short person)!
I need something for a pantry and coat closet, however, going into those areas several times a day has become tedious.
I was disappointed that the doors of his closet where too thick for this, so make sure that you measure thickness before you purchase.
The fit is now a bit loose but the lock does what we want it to do, keeps the kids out!This product does what it says, however it is not very useful if the door it's on is one that is opened frequently.
Also, this goes on the top of the doors so it can be rather difficult to reach.
I am 5' 7&#34; and have a hard time reaching it to unlock it.
We will not be using this product.These things are great!
I purchased these for all the closets in my home and found that with solid oak doors I had to remove the adjuster piece to get it to fit...not an issue but I don't think they work quite as well without that bit of reinforcement.
First of all, the bottle has to be positioned in the warmer a certain way so that it presses a safety latch to keep the warmer on.
So we were not able to restart our car until it was removed by a mechanic.
One use will pay for itself!The idea is great, the product is not so great.
The bottles (we use VentAir) do not touch the "on" sensor, and it takes more than 30 minutes to warm our 8 oz bottles.
Our son will not take them luke warm, he likes them very warm.How we made it work for us:Clothes pin that we just clip on over the sensor to turn the warmer on.And one hour before our son's feeding time we start warming the bottle.Very slow process, I wish I would have done more research upon buying this warmer.Tons of fun for a tiny totOur son loves us stacking them down across the room, crawling over to them and knocking them down.
At his grandmas, he plays with them as regular toys... he loves to "throw" them and chase them around her hard wood floors.
That&#8217;s a nice little addition to them.I am marking them down a star for either not being BPA free or not listing they are BPA free.
I will not be letting my son put these in his mouth and shame on the company for not making BPA free products.
That&#8217;s definitely not a big deal, but it seems like they could&#8217;ve done a dark purple or teal or something other than repeating a color.
The set we received is: yellow, pink, light blue, dark blue, green, yellow, orange and purple.
The cups can also be stacked into a tower, but not securely.
My package came with a free plastic link, which was great to attach certain toys to the infant car seat.
However, the link cannot be attached to any of these stacking cups!
If your baby seems to enjoy classic style toys or you're not sure, then you should get this toy (or any type of stacking cups/blocks).
The colors are a little unusual - not useful in a pattern and not standard primary colors -but no problem, really.
I found these at Kohl's for a similar price, but I could not find anything similar to this at other retail stores around me.
dishwasher safe and colorful- so we always have a couple on hand to keep my son occupied, even during mealtime since they can be cleaned easilyI cannot tell you how many hours a day my baby sits on the floor and plays with these cups.
These were a last minute stocking stuffer and i'm so glad i bought these!!!
This is played with everyday.For a toy that is supposed to stack up, these cups are very hard to stack and don't stay stacked up.
Can't get my mind around a stack-up toy that a child cannot stack.Baby loves to nest and stack and throw these cups.
I know she'll like to play with them as she gets older and was glad she already showed an interest in them at this time too.My 5 month old loves these stacking cups.
The cups do not stack well at all.
I had trouble with the larger cups, the smaller cups were ridiculous.
For the purpose of stacking, these just are not that great.
They are affordable and not &#34;cheap&#34; quality.
He drinks from them imaginary drinks and cheers with our glasses.It is great toy to help baby learn how to stack objects, place them inside, learn colors and numbers.It is well made, there's no sharp corners and my only wish is that it could be 10 cups for full counting 1 to 10.My granddaughter plays with these often.
so simple but my baby (6 mo) LOVES these!So, the cups have a recycle code #7 which is listed as not safe, I called the company are they reassured me that it is (??).
My guess is that it's not safe to use plastics with code #7 to warm up maybe?
Not sure.
I am not really excited abt these cups, as other reviewers said, they do not stack up very well but that's not a major issue to me ... My issue is that code #7 which was only indicated on the plastic wrapper, not the cups themselves so it's easily missed...Our baby girl LOVED these cups.
Recently, he does not stack cups but he throws them from top of the stairs and he has so much fun.
Some stacking cups are not steady and it causes toddlers great frustration when they are trying to stack a tower and it falls midway.
She is fascinated by the water coming out of the holes in the bottom and never seems to tire of collecting them all around her and putting them in her mouth.
Bath, play chewing it works all day long!I have given this a 4 start rating only because they are quite small in size and are difficult for little fingers to stack.
But they never got used as stacking cups.
I would at the same time not recommend it for the stacking purpose.Classic toy that my daughter plays with all the time.
They are great in her water table as well and I'm sure will be just as fun in sand.
He will cry if his stacking cups are not around!Colorful, easy to stack from big to small or small to big order, he loves to knock them over.Durable, I've washed these in a bleach solution several times and they hold up great.
Anyway, here's my likes and dislikes:Likes-* easy to stack cups inside one another* need to stack cups in exact descending order in order to create a tower (if you don't stack the number 7 cup, the number 6 cup will not sit correctly on the 8)* it's top rack dishwasher safe!
She definitely enjoys chewing on them, though, and they're actually great for training her to army crawl because they often roll away from her grasp, but not as far or as fast as a ball does.
She ends up chasing them across the floor.I picked these up on sale, and was not expecting much from them.Turns out my son loves them and I do too.
They are portable (easily fit into a bag), quiet, don't break when thrown on the floor, and still hold his interest after months of owning them.Amazing how something so simple can be so entertaining.My daughter has a great time playing with these cups.
Heaven knows what they will do next but you can't go wrong with them.My 1 year old loves these "stackers,"  He plays with them each and every day for long periods.
Get the old fashion one that us parents have a hard time getting out.at first i liked these because they were easy to take out.
unfortunately, my toddler thought so too.
the make it so the outlet is accessible to me, but not my son.Absolutely the worst!
!My 15 month old has no problem taking these out.
His interest has been drawn to them now and they are very ineffective.My daughter suffered with serious colic during her first three months.
Granted, not all babies need this, but my daughter certainly did.
Some work by letting air in from various places (avent-around the threads of the collar, playtex-through tiny perforations in the base), others work by not letting air in at all, but collapsing the container instead (playtex liners...etc).
The problem with venting the air through the collar is that it ends up bubbling up and mixing with the formula.
The problem with venting through the base is that it requires a bit of force to get the air to go through the perforations - so the bottle builds up negative pressure that resists your baby's sucking.
Browns are the only ones that do not mix air with the formula and at the same time do not create any resistance to sucking.
I'd say this is a small inconvenience.
I have not noticed any less gas, either, and the nipples flow way too fast for him, even though I purchased the smallest size.
I'm glad this product has worked for others, but for me, it was an expensive and failed experiment.Love these bottles!
I originally bought the 4oz bottles, but quickly ran to the store for the 8 ounce bottles because it does not take more than 6 wks before you are feeding more than 4 ounces.
Refrigerate what baby does not finish and don't worry about fixing so many bottles.It is true that these bottles have quite a few parts to clean, but I consider it totally worth it.
I've never had a problem with them leaking.
There's a line on them that you're not supposed to fill past, as long as the milk isn't filled past that line you shouldn't have a leaking problem.
My daughter did not like the standadr nipples.
My advice is (if this is not your baby's first bottle)whatever nipple you baby is first exposed to try to get the clostest nipple to it.
Within a few minutes of eating, he would scream in pain.
He was difficult to burp, so no help there.
We tried the Avent bottles, which only made the situation worse given the odd shape of the nipples.The FIRST time we used a Dr. Brown's bottles we noticed a significant difference.
We, however, still use the Dr Brown bottles... Not sure we would like to risk it with other bottles and make it even worse!
I wanted to tell you that the cleaning is not that bad and that it's worth trying.
My baby was having terrible gas.
I decided to try the Dr. Brown's bottles and what a difference it has made!
My 3 month old baby has never had a problem with spitting up or having too much gas.
What a big difference.
My son had not problems going from breast to bottle.
I used those Vent-Aire garbage bottles and my son was not a HAPPY camper with them... he'd literally sweat trying to eat from them...and would take him 45 minutes or more to eat 6oz--EVEN AFTER I'd try and make the nipple hole(s) bigger.
I am selling all my avent bottles on ebay!I have a four month old son and unfortunately, just discovered this bottle a month ago.
I saw them in the store while doing my shower registry and quite honestly, they looked too complicated so I didn't put them on my list...BIG mistake!I tried several other brands of bottles and this is by far the best.
It does everything it claims to do as far as eliminating gas and spit-up.It isn't complicated at all and isn't anymore difficult to wash than the other bottle types.
!For the first few days of my son's birth, we had the wide-neck Avent bottles which leaked, the nipples gave him suction blisters on the lips, he needed extensive burping and he would find it difficult to suck against the negative-pressure that builds up in those bottle.
Never fussy  or anything.
The only negative thing thatwe have experienced with these bottles has been that theyhave leaked at times.
I may look into a dishwasher basket, but I want to make sure they will get as clean as when I wash them.I've had no problem with leakage or anything, and I don't why some people have...?
They will be our choice from start to finish!We tried Avent first and my son never could drink from that big nipple very well.
When we used bottles Dr. Brown seem to cause less gas and he enjoyed them better.These are great bottles!My baby is breastfed and we started using these bottles for my husband to feed our baby pumped breast milk when he was five weeks old and did not have any trouble with nipple confusion.
He took the bottle right away without a complaint and it has never interfered with nursing.
We used the "preemie" nipples so that the flow was not too fast and he had to work at sucking like he would at the breast.
Since then we have upgrades to the size 1 nipples.I have never had a problem with bubbles and my baby rarely has to burp.
I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but I don't really have a problem with that.
When we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and had to return them because we never needed them.
When we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the Avent bottles.
He just couldn't get comfortable around the nipple.
We switched to Dr. Bown's and he took to it with little problem.
For expecting parents, I would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other.
Buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.
My only complaint is that the narrow 8-oz bottles are too tall for my diaper bag.
My baby girl had colic and gas from day one and was up all night crying until my mother heard about Dr. Brown's bottles and urged me to try them.
The colic/gas stopped on the very first day I used them, words cannot describe that feeling.
Please do read and follow the directions though, i think some of the negative reviews are the results of not properly using the bottles and following instructions.This bottle does have a lot of parts to clean but if you weigh the options of spending about an extra 10 minutes per day cleaning bottle and your baby having less gas, it is worth it.
3oz fits into an 8 oz bottle so why not just get the larger bottles right away.Unfortunately, I was suckered in to all the hype about the Dr. Brown's bottles.
The biggest problem I noticed was that they leaked after I had them in the cooler if we went out.
I never filled them past the line, but they ALWAYS LEAKED when they were cold.
Cleaning the bottles was also a big pain.
They have never leaked and I'm not afraid to look in the bottle bag anymore when we are out!
!My son had quite a bit of colic and gas when he was first born.
So I bought these to try and she hated them.
You can puch the air out so you dont have to worry about it.
Just be ready to spend the extra time washing all the little parts that are inside!These bottles are great if you have a colicky baby.
People complain about the extra pieces being a pain to wash.
If you put them in the dishwasher, it's not that big of a deal.
Even washing them by hand is not difficult.
They do still tend to spit up and have alot of gas from the other end, so I'm not sure about how much gas these bottles actually reduce.They are rather time consuming to clean because of all the parts.
And I do wish they made handles to attach so it would be easier for my boys to learn to hold their bottles.These are still by far my boys favorite bottle.I admit, I was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the Playtex Nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
Then she brought me these.. and he has not had a problem since... My son is a happy baby again!!!!
I read on here that cleaning them is a pain.. but that is just not so.
Cleaning them can be a pain because of all the parts, but they are well worth it.
The idea behind the vent is great but what a pain to put together!
With a very fussy newborn, I did not have time to waste assembling the bottle.
I've learned to be very suspicious of baby products from those places- seems like they've usually had some sort of issue and no one will buy them any more and sometimes those issues are dangerous like with this product.I think this blender is pointless.
This blender is weak, doesn't blend very quickly or efficiently.
I'm horrified to read the reviews and learn about the plastic ring which I cannot find in mine!
Maybe I should just throw it away.It's a piece of junk that ends up in Ross because it's a poorly designed product.
True, it doesn't hold a ton, but I does what I bought it for - I make a few days worth at a time.-  Holds about 8 oz of food comfortably at a time (so it mixes well, etc)-  I think this is a good size to make fresh food and to try new foods (without making a bunch if it's not a hit!
I didn't have a regular food processor and for me a blender just didn't work quite right and I thought it was harder to get the food mixed.Some hints I also found when investigating making baby food are:-  After mixing if you want to freeze any, just use ice cube trays.
Usefull even with toddlers who are not always comfortable with meat.This toy box is everything I was hoping for.
Also I love that the top doesn't just slam shut, that way when my daughter puts her toys away she won't smash her fingers.I was very impressed on how fast it was delivered, in less than a week  - product was well packed.It doesn't look excatly like the picture, there are some visible "bolts" and the finish is alright, the bolts look ok with the style - the greatest feature is the fact it doesn't close automatically so it is safe for children, which is what I need.It's good for a kid room but I would not put this in a living room as again the finish is not great but for the price, I can't complain - overall I would recommend it for a kid room.Nice construction/hinge.
A couple of scratches, but not worth sending back for.
Walnut IS dark Walnut, not a cherry color (fyi).Purchased this less than 1 month ago and had my husband put it together.
He spent a bit of time and one of the last steps was screwing in the hinge but it just would not go through!
The problem seemed to be the pre-drilled holes were not lined up and the screws were very cheap that he ended up stripping them easily.
The hinge works fine although the top does not come down all the way (maybe 1 inch gap, you can push it down but it will pop back up if that makes any sense)...but this is not a big issue for me.
It just means my son won't ever be trapped and it's quite unlikely he'll ever crush his fingers in closing it.OVERALL:Attractive looking piece at an attractive price.Not the finest quality but better than a plastic look (for me)(although durable) and it's not particle board either so I would expect it to hold up for quite some time.I ordered this through Amazon and recieved it quickly (thank you Prime shipping!)
(Makes me think it happens quite a bit?!)
The lid has a special hinge that doesn't allow the lid to slam, so my son (now 17mo old) can open and close it and I never have to worry about him smashing his finger.
It feels sturdy and heavy and I'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years.
The lid does not shut all the way but I believe it's because the spring needs to settle in over a little time.
However, 3 pieces came damaged.
The pieces came damaged because not enough protective packaging was used.
I was told that Target brand fit drop-in bottles, but I never tried it.
It really cuts down on the bottle washing as these liners are easily disposable after the feeding and they help with infusing extra gas into your baby.A+I've used these since I went back to work and they work great for me, baby, and my mother-in-law.I used to pump directly into the liners using this system:Playtex Drop Ins System Breast StorageNow I pump directly into the Medela bottles but I still transfer the milk to the liners using the adapter rings when I give the milk to my MIL everyday.Easy to store, cheaper than storage bags, and we've never had an issue with leaking.Sometimes the lines showing the ounces can be difficult for my MIL to read and they don't correspond to the ounce labels on the bottle when you use the adapter rings so I mark them with a sharpie.
There are two perforations which would be great except they are not shaped like the liners and when you pull them through the bottom they get all scrunched up.
You have to be careful that you don't kink the liner when screwing on the nipple and make sure it is tight before squeezing the air out.
This was not a big enough issue to cause me to quit using them.
I have also found that some of the generic brand liners work just fine too.have been using the playtex system with my second daughter (who would not take any other bottle).
Collectors want realism&#8230;.nothing more real than the stuff used for actual babies :)Makes preparing milk bottles and feeding the baby so easy, my husband never complains when it's time for him to get a bottle ready and it's easy to storeI love it.
Always just need to make sure that I have enough liners.The pricing is good (it's worth 4 cents to me to not have to wash a bottle!).
And the product is secure.Very very occasionally it leaks if I put it in carelessly and didn't make sure the liner was solid and not a bit crumpled.
But that's my fault.
Even the pricing is fair.I originally bought dr. brown bottles before the baby was born but at the hospital I had a hard time getting the baby to latch on - the lactation consultant suggested playtex nurser bottles because the nipple is very much shaped like the breast.
My baby has had no problem going from breast to bottle (we do both) -- and having a liner makes cleaning the bottles super easy.
I wish I knew about these before birth and not spent so much money on the dr. browns.Convenient and useful and everyone knows it.
They are made from the same materials as the comforter so match perfectly.
Also, my son (10 weeks old) loves to stare at them.My little guy was getting too big for the normal plastic baby tub and I am not quite ready to have him be on his own in the tub right now.
So far, I have not noticed any musty smell.What I also like about this is my son burnt his foot and we were having to elevate it and keep it out of the water for awhile.
I also like that I can lay him down to rinse out his hair and he is comfortable and doesn't fight it like he did in the plastic tub.You can't go wrong with this purchase!so much safer than the matts, and if the baby falls shes hits the soft sides.
And forget my husband trying to bath her...that was just not going to happen.
She loves that she can sit up and not slip and slide around.
I have never had problems with mildew or any strange smells.
It was rigid when it arrived, but softened up once the pellets inside (think bean bag pellets) touched the water.
It is versatile...put it one way for an infant who still needs to lay down, and flip it over to be more like a bath for a larger baby who can sit on his own.
It always had a musty/mildewy smell that I could never get rid of.
It's filled with those styrofaom type bead things so it would definitely need to be aired out and dried between every bath but I still think it'd accumulate mold/mildew relatively quick.This tub is great, not sure why people had to give it bad reviews.
It does take awhile to dry out though so we blow a fan on it at night to prevent it from getting moldy in the bathroom.I can't take a point off for its bulkiness since it's not a hidden attribute.
Arrived fast, too- 3 days after placing order!So I like this product overall but I do have one problem with it and its kind of a big one.
We've been using it for 2 months.This is a great tub when they grow out of the infant tub but can't quite sit well enough for the large tub reliably.
He loves playing with it to hear the bean bag sounds and loves that Leachco tag on the side.We hung it to dry in the shower nightly and never noticed any mildew/mold and it dried quickly.
That was the only time I wasn't happy.The picture for this product is deceiving.
Its too bad because its a great size and constructed well.
Wished I would have found this tub before I purchased one of those hard cold plastic tubs for my newborn.
The plastic tubs and the so called newborn slings are horrible compared to the cushion and ease of use this particular tub provides during bath time.
The plastic bump in the middle was very inconveniently placed and made bath time difficult for me and uncomfortable for my son.
It is very versatile and you can use it as a tub or flip it over to use as a sling.
My only complaint is the sides could have just a little more beads in them so it is not so floppy if the tub isn't filled all the way.
It is fabric and will not hold water on it's own but I don't find that to be a problem.
It's got weird styrofoam pieces inside that make it safe for baby in case he falls over but it totally sucks that you have to waste so much water at bath time!
What a horrible invention.
I learned my lesson the hard way to real all available reviews carefully before I purchase.Although they take up less space for storage I did not want an inflatable insert for the tub.
)Concerns voiced by others:Other people have said they were upset because it is not very tall.
However, as I'm not looking for something to completely hold my baby up, just be there as a small support, this was not an issue for me.
Our little girl is small and I actually kind of like that this does not go all the way to her head.Also, others said they didn't like that they had to fill the bathtub up because this doesn't hold water on it's own.
I didn't find that a problem and since I don't need much water, it really didn't bother me.I like that it's not too big and that it's soft for our baby to sit against.
She loves it!Not recommended,  To messy and just not worth the headache.
This is a very comfortable way to wash a newborn.
But it had served its purpose before becoming unusable.
It's a bit of work to wring the water out, and you never get it all out.
My older son likes to use it as a little bean bag, so I guess that means it's comfortable.
he doesn't slip and is comfortable lying on this.
I've never had to toss it in the wash, it still smells like new.
I have had not one problem with it and I love it!I can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item.... Would not suggest.Saw this bath pad, read the reviews, and had to have it!
My only complaint is that when you wash it, the foam filling does become a little distorted.
But it's not a big deal!
He now splashes, kicks, and plays and never gets afraid of the tub.
Forget the old hard plastic tubs that are slippery!
I like how soft it is and my son seems to be comfortable in it.
I've read some of the other reviews about the bather not drying and mildew problems.
Twice I've rinsed the bather out with vinegar to kill bacteria and to keep it smelling fresh.
I've never noticed mildew, but it just makes sense to me to rinse it out with vinegar.Everyone warned us how difficult it would be to bathe baby...how wrong they were.
Would recommend for sure!
i did not give it 5 stars because after three months of using it, it changes its form.My newborn screamed through his baths until we ordered this and began to use it.
Highly recommend to all.My daughter was not the biggest fan of bath time until we got this bath pad.
Even now that he's not content to lie still in the bathtub, the Safer Bather makes a comfy and slip-proof place for him to sit while he's being bathed (when he sits still, that is ;-) ).I'd HIGHLY recommend this over one of the uncomfortable, hard plastic infant tubs.
He is comfortable and warm and now that he's 8 months old he can sit on it and not slide around in the tub or lay back while I wash him.
It's a great tool for not much money.
You do have to have a good place to hang it to dry because try as I might I can't squeeze enough water out of it to keep it from dripping while it dries but it comes with a hook that fits over the shower head so it's not much of a problem.The reason for the 1 star is because baby is not due until Dec 1 2013, and it has not been used.
It is thick and comfy for baby.My baby loves taking baths and I'm sure this mat helps immensely.This item should of been plastic not cloth.when put to dry mold grows.
Sadly, it did not fit in my sink.
It perfectly and gently cradles the baby in the bathtub so that they cannot squirm out and get submerged in the water or get water in their ears, mouth, etc.
Also, when you have the baby sit up to wash his hair and back his bum stays in place and he doesn't slide around, which makes bathing such a challenge otherwise.The only negative thing I would say about it (and I don't even really think it's negative) is that after about 1 1/2 years of use, including washing it periodically, it lost some of its shape and wasn't as "fluffy."
That's why we ended up buying a second one, but honestly for the price and use we got out of it, I couldn't complain about it.
If you forget it's not a big deal to throw it in the washer.
My baby loves to be able to splash and play and I love that he is comfortable.
I always make sure I lean it up against the edge of the tub to drain the water from the mat.
It does come with a hook to hang it but I'm not sure where they expect you to hang it from with it being so heavy.
When not in use and dry I hang it from the shower curtain.I love this thing!
I've never had a problem with mold or mildew.
I do not have to worry about my little one slipping around during baths, I would recommend this product to anyone.This is the best thing I've found in a long time.
I am so glad that I received it for a shower gift.
My daughter is 1 month and does not fuss at all during bathtime.
She fits in it perfectly and you do not have to worry about baby slipping or moving  around.
I do agree it is a bit difficult to wring out but like others said if you hang it up it dries by the next morning.the bath pad is fine - seems comfy for my little guy and keeps him elevated.
but beware - do not hang it to dry until you squeeze out some of the water.
i did not do this and the cloth that wraps around the hook ripped a bit.
That solved the problem and made the pad sit securely on the counter surface.However, I did not rate this item as five stars for the following reasons.
The cover stains if your baby has an "accident" - even laundry stainremover and washing the pad immediately did not prevent this from happening.
A non-pilling fabric would also be much better.The third reason that I did not rate this as five stars is that I believe it has a very limited useful life.
Because it has low sides and the well for the child is not particularly deep, it may not be of much value once your child can sit up.
The inflatible bath tubs have higher sides so that when a child is sitting up, if they happen to tip over, might be able to avoid a nasty head bump.
In the bathing pad, if the child tips over, they could quite possibly hit their head on the side or bottom of the bathtub.I also have concerns that the bath pad may slip when placed in a tub.
However, I would definitely recommend exploring the various inflatible tubs that are available since they will have a longer useful life and seem to be more secure.I got this sponge bath thing hoping to replace the bulky hard blue bathtub but turns out that this thing is just awkward for newborns.
I used it with my newborn (less than a month old) and the water got cold ultra fast, the sponge took forever to dry, was heavy and the incline was weird for my newborn.
I have not had a problem with it smelling or becoming moldy and I live in a very hot and humid climate.
My only complaint is that I wish the part for my child's head was elevated a little more so water would not get in her ears.
It is very soft and seems very comfortable for her, and she stays warm.
I would not reccomend this product.Great if you plan to bathe your baby in the regular tub (or a big portable tub, although I haven't managed to find one that fits), but be warned : the fabric isn't soft at all !
Our baby hates it so we have to use a towel between her and the pad : not very handy...this is great.
Love it.Follow the instructions to the letter - this product will still smell bad after a few uses.
It was so disappointing when it started to stink of mildew after only four baths!
I think it's probably more comfortable for him.
No hard plastic poking him.
It makes for a safe, comfortable bathing experience and it dries very quickly when it hangs.I registered for and received the Eurobath by Primo, but my daughter was just a little too small for the tub.
She seemed so much more comfortable than in the hard plastic bathtub, and much more stable as well.
But, we still have the safer bather for our baths together!We got this bath pad for our 3 month old and initially loved it, as he sat there so comfortably while we washed him, but within even the first month he started getting a horrible rash on his back due to contact with the bath pad.
To avoid buying another pad we have attempted to use wet towels over the pad so that his skin does not come in direct contact with the infected pad, but unfortunately this does not appear to be enough.
None of these affect its usability, however, and it keeps him warm and out of the water and seems much more comfortable than plastic.
One holding baby's head up so water won't get into baby's ears, and the other person give the actual bath to the baby.-The mildew smell(I try to hang it dry over night in the bathroom cause it soaks lots of water and keep dripping.
However, without drying under the sunlight(when its cloudy day....it has mildew smell)After 3 month usage, the spongy getting flat...and the whole thing keeps sinking(the head part used to be higher...but now about 2 inches flatter)...my husband now has to hold the baby's head plus holding up the hook towards outside the sink... it's totally useless now and I'll have to buy something else...I much prefer the old-school baby sponges for baths but could not find any.I worry about this harboring bacteria, mold, etc as it is hard to wash and dry.
Just throw it in the wash one in a while and make sure to hang dry.
We never used the tiny plastic tubs, but just bathed our little one on this cushy bath pad in our regular tub.
I will never by a baby bath tub again.
It's soft & absorbs the warm water, which is much more comfortable for him.
And this product meant to go in a tub not a sink, unless you have a large sink.
plus immediately after the bath it's a huge pillow soaked with water, so it's heavy and not too convenient.
I don;t have to worry about him slipping and sliding all over the place and i can easliy move his body parts to clean.I love it!
with the traditional hard tubs with the incline and hard plastic, i was always afraid to have my baby slip on mine or my husband's hands.
I was completely wrong -- it's way too big for that.
It's soft with plenty of cushioning so she's relaxed and comfortable.
The head is slightly angled upward so it's harder for the standing water to get into her ears.
I'm glad I bought it though.
We thought it looked more comfortable for him than any of the hard plastic baby baths we tried.UPDATE: After using it for only a month or so, it has flattened out considerably and doesn't really do anything aside from provide just the smallest amount of padding.
I love fact that it's soft instead of hard plastic which allows is to soak up warm water fast and is comfy for baby.It dries out very quickly and doesn't mildew.This was one of those &quot;I've got to have it&quot; items that was on my registry.
I was not disappointed.
He was very comfortable and happily kicked away without me having to worry about him falling out of the tub from the force!
I'm sooo glad that I returned that huge plastic tub.
It never got a "moldy" smell like other reviews have said - maybe they didn't have enough air circulation around it?
Easy to use, much more comfortable for baby than a regular 'baby bath' it takes up less room and absorbs the warm water keeping baby warm .
So once you are done bathing baby, this will not lift out of the tub and if you want to take a bath with your baby this wont allow for fluid movement in the tub.
Also this does not in any way elevate the babys head.
You can not submerge this in the water even a little, bcs if you do, her head will get wet (no elevation) and it floats upward as well.
I can set it on the vanity next to the bathroom sink and get all the business done quickly and comfortably.
It works fine, but there are few things I don't like about it.1) it takes forever to dry and it drips when it is drying, so not very convienent in your bathroom2) my son started sitting up at around 4.5 months and he hated this as you have to lay flat.
I got the first years infant to toddler and that is way more versitle and I wish I got that from the beginning.overall-- i personally would not buy this again and instead would get the infant to toddler tub (one that has a sling for the infant).
I always worried about it mildewing so I threw it away.This is very thin.
Although, their price are not as competitive with similar items.
Our son is so relaxed and loves his bath time!This is a must have.
I never had a problem with the mildew smell as one person commented.
And the minute the baby starts sitting up, those bumps are uncomfortable for them.
I made sure that I wrung it out each and every time, hanging to dry.
If it becomes a problem, I will update this review!Update:Well I have been using this product for about two months now and it DOES have mildew!
(Reduced to 3 stars) It is not stink however, but the mildew is very obvious!
I imagine it could get moldy if left in a damp environment, but ours never did, and we used it for more than a year.
This product just drips dry.I have been using mine daily for the past 11 months and mine does not smell or have mold.
It holds him comfortably and I never end up with back strain.
My little guy nestles nicely into it and I don't have to worry about him sliding around on it.
Does not smell and has not molded.
We've now had it 3 weeks and I can't imagine us not having it.
Really wet and heavy too so it's kind of a pain to use.This is an amazing product.
The baby is comfortable and doesn't slip around.
Holds up nicely, baby is so comfortable.
Better than the big hard tubs.
Make sure you dry outside as oer the package insert.
He lies snugly on it while I soap him up and don't have to worry about a slippery baby falling out my hands or hitting himself against the tub.
We tried a bath seat at one point but it was a hard plastic and the edges were not very smooth.
He looked so uncomfortable in it (plus it was difficult to get him in and out of it).
We never had a problem with mildew or smells.
First, it is very hard to lift to wring out after the bath.
Our daughter is 14 lbs 3 oz and 26 inches long and she is just as comfortable as day 1 on this bath pillow.
We have never had any problems with Mildew and I have washed in the machine on delicate cycle with no problems.
It does not move at all in the tub and my son stay in place on the bather.
I've not had any problems with mildew or losing it's shape.
The only minor problem is the water goes through, but I put a big towel underneath it so it cathes the water.
!Those big plastic tubs took up my whole bathroom and were hard to store.
It seemed so hard and cold and it was really impossible to hold my very active little one steady in the tub while bathing him.
With the pad, however, he lies comfortably reclined in the Eurotub, waiting for me to pour warm water over his body.Also, washing the pad is fairly easy - I'd know, because during one bath, my guy decided to let out the nastiest poo (watery, breast-fed poo) all over the pad and into the tub.
I had a safety first tub that folded, a wire frame tub with a cloth cover that made it more like a lawnchair, a non-folding tub by safety first and then I finally broke down and tried this tub.I hated how all the others allowed my daughter to slide around and even slip down and turn sideways while bathing.
That is why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 - it did smell alittle mildewy recently but now after being washed it is fine.Lets just say the other three tubs are going in the lawn sale this summer!The Safer Bather has not held up the way I expected it to.
I'm disappointed with this product and glad I did not purchase it with my own money - I used a gift card.
I'm glad other moms have had such great luck with the Safer Bather.
I don't like it- maybe it works for other but not me.I'll preface this by saying that I'm sure that every child has individual preferences in these things, so your experience may vary.
So while these are perfectly adequate, I wouldn't buy them again, especially not at the infamously high BabyBjorn prices.Also, please note that the large base for this plate may not fit onto smaller high chair trays (such as our keekaroo).
I can put cooked veggies that tend to be slippery, in it and my 9 month old can actually pick up the food (as opposed to it sliding around not ever being picked up).
Other than that, so far it's good.This bowl is cute and difficult for my daughter to lift and throw.
However, if your high chair has a smaller tray, this bowl will not fit.
For example, we have theFisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster Seat - Blue, and the bowl does not fit on the tray - it is too large for the tray.I bought this item at a local specialty store and the clerk assured me the item was BPA free.
When I got it home and opened it I saw the dreaded #7 recycle code on the white part.
Polycarbonate plastic is not used in the production of any BABYBJ&Ouml;RN baby products and all BABYBJ&Ouml;RN products with a plastic component are BPA-free.
I like that this one is NOT made in China, like so many things tend to be.Spoon is too big for my son's mouth (he's 11mo old), and the look of the plate makes me feel like I'm feeding my son out of the dog bowl.If you have a little one who likes to pick up his or her plate and drop it on the floor this plate is not for you.
My son has more success and less mess with these spoons more than any other kind...for one thing the spoon bowl is quite rounded (compared to some spoons that are only slightly rounded or even flat) which is helpful as the child raises the spoon to the mouth the spoon may be tipped this way or that and the rounded bowl of the spoon helps to keep the contents on the spoon instead of falling back onto the plate.
Plate is difficult or impossible for child to lift/throw (we have never had that happen).The spoons are great for a toddler.
It is a little too bulky and a pain to store since you cannot stack that easily with your other bowls.Update after 2 yrs: still using it but white part of bowl gets stained and scratched easily.
But spoons stain easily.
The baby bjorn spoons have thick handles so they do not fit well standing up.My LO loves to eat with these spoons!
Fortunately for us, our daughter so far does not pick up the place until it is empty, so we haven't had to deal with her throwing a full plate on the floor (yet).
My 12-month-old son has no problem picking it up and tossing it if he so desires.
She is also able to pick it up and throw it though the instructions say that picking the bowl up for a baby is difficult.
It does not claim to have suction or that you're baby wont' be able to pick it up so you need to have realistic expectations about that.
Despite the higher price than most baby plates, I thought the sloped sides would make it hard for baby to pick up, and the curvature of the 3 arcs would make it easy to scoop up food so went ahead and ordered it anyways.
I've used it for 6+ months now, and have started to notice a faint brown stain appearing in the main eating surface.
Sometimes it seemed like a permanent stain, and other times, it will scratch off with my finger nail when wet, but not budge in the dishwasher, scrub surface, soaking, nor sitting out in the sun.
I'm not excited about this at all....
I've had a smaller bowl from OXO that I've used just as long as this plate, and that white surface has no sign of stains...The baby is able to pick up the bowl, but that's not the concern.
Very smart design.I was hoping my 11mo would not pick up this plate but that was the first thing she did, and threw it on the ground :(That being said, the spoons are pretty much amazing.
However, if your high chair has a smaller tray, this bowl will not fit.Baby loves the spoons and actually he plays with one while I feed him with the other one.The plate looks lovely but does not stay put which is a total disadvantage.This solved the problem of our baby picking up her dish and dumping the contents out.
They have funky and fun colors!
This is VERY easy but a child would not be able to do it.These also fit together so they take up less space!
!These are a little pricy but I figured since it was something we would be using EVERYDAY, several times a day, it was worth getting something that worked great and would not wear out.Several people have complained that their child is able to pick these up & throw them and are dissapointed.
If your child is able to pick things up and throw them since this is not glued down, held by some magnetic force, etc.
These are just harder to pick up.
Try teaching your child some manners, yes, even at 1 year old children can be taught not to do something.
If you are having trouble with your child throwing their plate then perhaps you should be looking for a book on teaching your child some manners instead of trying to fix the problem with a bowl!I think it serves the purpose of a dish for a small child, however it's nothing special.
It is a lot lighter than I expected and it does not grip my son's high chair tray at all.
Because of its shape, he had a hard time reaching his food.
They are wide enough to pick up quite a bit of food and get it in his mouth without (too much) mess, and soft enough on his cheeks and gums.
The low, wide base of the bowl makes it very difficult to tip over.
Totally worth it the price.This bowl is relatively hard for my daughter to tip over, and it is supposedly dishwasher and microwave safe.
Many other plastic bowls are melamine or contain BPAs and should not be microwaved.
That does not appear to be an issue with this one.The spoons are OK.
They are a bit too wide and not as soft on teething babies' gums as some of the more rubbery options on the market, but they are fine and have nice stubby handles for babies to hold onto.My bowl did not come with a black spoon like in the picture.
I received the advertised pink spoon, but my secondary spoon was green.
I have had some trouble with the remote working, but I don't use it that much so it's not that big of a problem.
They rattle, squeak, etc., and he just loves holding them and biting them.The remote control did not work unless we were about 3 feet away from the crib, so that was not worth it.While there are some nice music selections, the overall quality of the music sounded sort of muffled and scratchy.
Yes, it is very difficult to get the battery in, but it is doable.
The lowest noise setting still seems to be to loud for the two music options, for my daughter to sleep.
It has worked fine for us, just make sure it is tight.the reason i had to give it only 3 stars (and the only reason) is that we had to return it 3 times to get one that worked!
and we called Sassy to see if they could help us with it and they never returned our phone call!
But Babiesrus was great about taking it back and they never questioned us for returning it 3 times!Purchased 2 of these for small grand children - not impressed.
This seat is very unstable and just isn't safe or efficient.I'm not sure if it will hold up, but it fits our needs right now.
I had to sit very close to my son to make sure he did not fall out.
This MIGHT be ok if you are using it in one place for a week vacation or something but not for daily use in restaurants.
He always pulled the straps so the chair could be as tight as could be (although I could easily do it, but just can't get it quite as tight).
I would not leave a child unattended for even a second in this booster, because I think they could be seriously hurt if they leaned over too far.
He was too wiggly and I was afraid he'd knock the whole chair over and hurt himself worse than if he just fell out of the chair.All that said, it does pack very compact and was great for travelling and maybe if I had been using it for a younger child I would have liked it better.We got this seat for my 6 month old.
No matter where I installed it or how I installed it that chair could flip around with my daughter in it.
Is dangerous for children who like to move around which I am pretty sure they are the majority.We bought this for an extended trip we were taking.I was not disappointed.It worked great and attached to all different seats (although we had to get creative at times).Very compact and easy to fit into the suitcase.I have twin girls, When I would take them to a friends I would take my Bumbo seats/trays with me so I had somewhere to sit them to eat.
I LOVE them.They are not teeny tiny when folded up but are small enough to keep one in a baby bag, or carry both in a stroller.
I leave them both in the car.They have a carry handle and are lightweight.It only took a few breaths to inflate the bottom portion of the seat and was just as easy to deflate when it was time to fold back up.It strapped to the chair easily and was quite stable.
The frame is not flimsy at all and the straps are nylon.The only two things I noticed:The seat is smaller than I thought it would be.
So 5 stars for an easy install.Not much to say but it's most likely a must have product, because an average size hallway will need this extension.My neighbor gave me 3 First Years Hands Free Gates that were from when her 5 year old daughter was young, but they needed the extensions, and I was worried I wouldn't be able to get them since the gates were older.
Adding them does not make the gate weaker by extending it out like some gates do.
The gate fit our hallway before the extension but the supports were almost all the way extended so when we saw that the extension was only 15.00 we decided to give it a go.I do not know how we lived without it.
I have not had to tighten it since we bought this extension.
The price was good but it's VERY uncomfortable to wear and never sits on the body right.
I don't feel that this carrier is very safe and it's very difficult to get baby in and out.
I have to agree with the other reviews that it's a little tricky to get baby in and out - but you get what you paid for.
I used it in supermarkets, the mall, and at home too, when my baby was fussy and wanted to cuddle all the time.
If not, this one will do just fine!!!
I got this one because I needed something that I could wear for extended periods with my baby facing out that would not restrict my movement too much.
A lot of people have complained about how hard it was to get baby in and out, but I don't know what they are comparing it to.
My only complaint is that there is no waist strap, so I did feel a little strain in my back, and I felt a bit front heavy.
We used it regularly when our babies were newborns ... but by the time my babies hit 12-13 lbs, this carrier became uncomfortable for me, pulling on my shoulders and causing me to arch my lower back - not good!
They will not be lost in it, or too heavily restrained.
They don't make an identical but larger one, so the time factor is limited.
Also, the head-hold straps are meant to be under the armpits on older babies, but they are not padded (no problem for the headrest) and poke into the baby's sides if you're not careful.I recommend this to all parents and all friends buying for parents.This is a nice carrier.
Low spillageI decided to give it a try despite some of the bad reviews, figuring they could be just unlucky.
After trying these sippy cups a few times when my son was 6 month old, and again at 10 month old, I have to agree with these 1 star reviews... it's not your child, it's not the parent, it's the sippy cups problem:- Leaks no matter how many times I followed the instructions, re-read, assemble and disassemble.
So I brought another one (and did not put it in the sterilizer or washing machine) and it still leaks!!
I was wrong.
She also suggested that the boy should not be using nipples beyond the year one and we should gradually shift over to using sippy cups.We've used Avent bottles, for the most part, and have been very satisfied with them.
He picked up on the difference real fast.Gary PetersonGreat bottles when used with nipples, terrible design with the sippy cup attachment.
Valves are super tough to remove for cleaning,  and they always are being cleaned.
They are cute, but they leak and make a terrible mess.
I'm not sure why some would find them hard to take apart?
Of course they have to be assembled right to not leak.
My son hasn't taken a bottle since his first birthday, and never missed them a bit.
There are two levels of spouts, one harder one softer.
You'll never have spills on your sofa or carpet.This is not a horrible product.
and not all that convenient even when you do have a dishwasher at hand.
You might want to try it for an older baby or toddler who is not adapting to other styles.
But in practice, they're pretty terrible, and I can't for the life of me figure out how the Avent line came to be so hyped.
)In a way, these cups remind me of the nursery rhyme my mother would chide me with when I was younger, about the little girl with the little curl in the middle of her forehead.
Sometimes they leak from the spout, sometimes they leak from the collar, but the same cup will not always leak in the same way, if it leaks at all.
Avent bottles have the same leaky collar issue and if you call Avent they will tell you that you must have over-tightened the collar, that the collar is supposed to be tightened using the clear plastic over-cap, not touching the collar directly.
But it's a moot point because any way I do it, loose or tight, collar or cap to tighten, sometimes they leak, sometimes they don't.All that is after you account for the fact that the larger cups only come with the harder green spouts, which are for toddlers.
So when I bought these cups I had to then spend extra money on the white spouts, and that is all we used - which may or may not account for my next problem.
Early on, you can remove the cap and press harder to snap the valve in place...  but then after a while, nothing works.
And maybe I'm just an idiot but it bothers me to throw away things that are perfectly OK, and it bothers me that you can't figure out just WHICH part of the cap/valve set has gone bad, you have to either replace all your caps and valves at once or end up playing sippy cup roulette having an odd mixing of new and old spouts/valves that may or may not work when you put them together.In short, this cups have nearly driven me insane.Oh, and my favorite, favorite part about these cups - NOT - is if you use them with the nipple, your kid can push the nipple down inside the cup and spill milk (or whatever) all over the place.
What a mess!These cups also hold sour milk smell worse than any other cup I have tried (and we've tried a lot)  They pretty much have to be washed in the dishwasher or else repeatedly sterilized which can get annoying.
No leaks, fewer parts, only one part to go bad...Avent...  ugh.
I've used and hated the breastpump, the bottles, and now the sippies.Our son is almost 16 months old and we have been using these sippy cups for about 10 months now.
We have never had them leak, mold, spouts push through or anything!
I cannot get over how many parents assume that the Avent line is alot of "hype" just because they failed to read directions.As for the complaints about mold and sour milk...that's just gross.
I'm sure any other brand would get moldy and smelly if you left it in your trunk all summer...not Avent's fault!Anyway, as for the green spouts being stiffer than the white ones and more difficult to clean...OK, maybe for the first few times because they are new; but they WILL get more pliable.
They do wear out...especially if you're using the same two or three sippy cups every day.I just bought (and tried) the "sport spout" and although it is quite a mouthful of liquid that comes out, our son has no problem with that spout, either.
Something about the flatness of the nipple and the fact that it is soft, but not too soft and longer than most.
We had a little problem with the Avent bottles leaking, but so far, we haven't had a problem with this cup leaking.
If you don't use a lot of wipes daily they would get dry, but if you do use a lot (like me) they would not get dry.
Be sure to buy a very moist wipes....
My baby never cried during a diaper change and I think this warmer had something to do with it.
I only rate it 4 stars because the diaper organizer was a waste, it does not hang well so I took it off immediately and stored the diapers in a wicker basket on a shelf of our changing table.
Also the wipes do get yellow at the bottom but we add water even though the instructions say not to.
It's an OK product but if I wouldn't buy it again.I bought this because of the wipe warmer, but it is terrible.
The wipes at the bottom will dry out and turn brown within just a few days, and the insert for "pop-up" wipes won't stay down in the unit, so it just comes out with the wipes, making it impossible to grab a wipe with one hand.
They slide out easily and never seem to get stuck in the netting.
I loved the idea of warm wipes on her little bottom, but it just didn't turn out to be practical and she didn't fuss about the cold ones.Warmers stated "will not yellow the wipes".
When we use unwarmed wipes my baby gets more upset at changes.
Perhaps we are spoiling him.
;-) He is a winter baby so I'm sure he appreicates our efforts to keep his tushy warm.The only time I have had problems with wipes drying out is when I have over filled it and the lid doesn't close tightly or I have accidently left it open.
I found that the bottom wipe does turn brown but only when I keep adding the fresh wipes to the top and the bottom ones were older.
Even if they are slightly brown, it just looks weird.
I'm pretty sure the wipes are just fine.I do wish that it came with a pop-up adapter or something.
I like the Pamper's pop-up wipes but find it difficult to pull one out because they are inner-folded and stick together.
The organizer isn't totally functionless, however, as I use it to store her extra burp rags.
All in all, I'm glad I have the product, I have just modified it to suit my needs, and my baby doesn't protest to diaper changes anymore.Yes, it does dry up if you just leave the warmer on.
The only bad thing about this is that the warmer stays on too long it dries up.
The warmer snaps onto the caddy so that it won't fall off the top easily.It also has a tendency to "cook" the bottom wipes and turn them dark yellow to brown.
It seems this is a problem with most warmers that warm from the bottom.The wipes have a tendency to dry out, but I think that is the case with most warmers.
I spent the same amount of money on one at Wal-Mart and it has a 5 year warranty - long enough to at least get me through the diaper stage!Specifics:  It is plug-in and not battery operated.
It fits all size wipes, but does not have the feature for pop up wipes.
It warms from the bottom, not the top.
You cannot adjust the temperature.
The wipes were always hard and brown at the bottom.
We've had that one for 8 months now and never had a problem with burnt wipes.
Don't waste your money or time buying this wipes warmer- it is cheap and you will regret it.A friend recommended a wipe warmer after he got one for his 4th child.
I do move it room to room without any problem, even when he is in it, I just push it into the kitchen or family room and nothing falls apart (as another reviewer wrote)I purchased this for my 8 month old son.
The seat does not rotate very well.
I believe if there were more rollers and they were larger the problem would be solved.
I got one as a gift and it was smaller than the Jitter Bug and I had a hard time getting my son in and out of it.
This is not just for a boy b/c it is a car...girls like cars too!
and he just didn't seem comfortable.
We have not yet had any problems with cracking or breakage of the lid, the part that understandably takes the most stress.
I wish that they were not so hard to get clean.
The problem I have is that food/dry liquid gets stuck in a small groove on the inside of the spout.
It is very hard, even with considerable soaking, to get the crusty bits out of that space.
).These cups are GREAT because they are not the traditional spill-proof sippy cups that you find everywhere!
The main problem that I was having is that many of the sippy cups that I loved did not have a travel lid.
Best of all you can trash them and it's not going to make a huge dent in your wallet.
This cup, however is not completely leak proof when on its side, and if you have kids who shake the cup while it's upside down, you will have drops of liquid coming out of the cup.
First off, my son hated sippy cups.
Conclusion, these are definitely not going to be the only sippy cups you ever buy if you go with these.
Do we not understand the meaning of 'TAKE N TOSS'?
I'd highly recommend these.I'm not sure why I purchased this through amazon, it was cheaper at Target, at least I got the colors I wanted.I've got piles of sippy cups for my daughter and collectively, I cringe to think how much money was dropped on all of them.
They're working out great for my 18 month-old and it's great to know that if I'm ever in a situation when one gets broken, lost, or just gets all funky and gross, I WON'T feel bad about throwing it out!The only downsides to these cups have been mentioned in other reviews -- the lids are a little difficult to get on (but I remind myself this means my daughter will probably never get it off by herself) and they do leak if you shake them upside-down.Seriously, give these a shot before dropping $6+ on ONE sippy cup.
Within several weeks the nozzle bit was cracked or broken in almost all the lids.I was getting sick and tired of buying those expensive sippy cups worth 6-8 dollars and the valves would end up getting lost/broken in the dish washer.
I went back and bought the 10 oz cups.First off, this is not a cup for a parent with a child that throws cups or pulls lids off or flips cups upside down and shakes them on a regular basis.
I used these for years after my daughter had transitioned to a regular cup when we were in situations where a spilled drink would have been a disaster, such as for her cup beside her bed at night, the cup I put her juice in when she was sick and for trips in the car.
They're cheap and they stack in the back of your cabinet so you can just pull them out when you need them.The cups are dishwasher safe, they do crack when chewed on but besides that they're fairly strong for something that is disposable.My son is only 10 months old and can't use this seat because there's not enough space between the seat and the tray.
He's not a fat child, either, only in the 50th % and it cuts right into his belly.
Mistake.Plus side: will hold a child upright while being fed.Minus side: straps do not detach easily for cleaning.
Tray is not fully adjustable.
Bottom feet prone to collapse.
:-PThis seat serves it's purpose.PROS:Hard plastic seat and tray is easy to cleanStraps, once assembled and fastened, stay tightTray is removableFolds up for storageGood for light use, I wouldn't use it everyday- read the cons and you'll understandCONS:Tray is HARD to remove, you have to grasp and pull the sides JUST SO to get it to pop off (I have to struggle to stiffle an array of 4-letter words quite often when trying to take the tray off)It's cumbersum to set up and fold down and you'll need both hands to do both (we use the "on-the-go" booster at my mother-in-law's and I can open it with one hand, plop my daughter in the seat, strap her in, and strap the booster seat to the chair easily).
To fold it back down, you'll need both hands once again to push buttons on either side of the seat to pop up the seat and fold it in, then put the tray in with the rest of it, and spend another minute or two "organizing" the straps so they don't get tangled up with each other or come apart from the seat itself (even after the straps are "assembled" going in and out of all the right places, they just fall back out if you're not really careful).This seat isn't bad for us, we only use it at relatives houses who don't have a booster seat, so it's not too much of a hassle.
The only reason I am not rating it with 5 stars is because the lid to the storage compartment on the back always swings open when I try move the chair, and has even fallen off a few times.
But then again, if you child is big enough they can just push up to the actual table.It looks great once it's finished, but it takes a lot of patience to get there:The impression material is incredibly difficult to work with.
I then put it back in the freezer for 10 minutes before removing the top sheet of wax paper and making the imprint.This trial and error took me 5 tries before I found a process that worked for me:  if you don't put it in the freezer, you can't get the impression material out of the packet.
(Also, make sure it isn't too thick or it will smush against the glass when you frame it.)
And I had extra impression material left over to make a handprint for me!I don't like to leave negative reviews, but I was so bummed to use this and not get a great result.
Also, the wood on the frame is so crappy that the back was cracked in two places when I opened the box!
The &#34;clay&#34; looking material is a foamy type of material and is always malleable (stays gooey even when dried) and it is quite difficult to get a good impression when you pull your baby's hand or foot away.
It sticks to the skin, so it takes quite a few tries, which can be frustrating with a newborn.
I loved the idea of this product but it is quite cheap, and i'd rather splurge for something else.
The foam stuck in certain areas, primarily around the edges, which get cut off.
It still produced some wrinkles some of the time.Used a bit of lotion on the baby's foot and it did not stick to the foam at all.It was very hard to cut out a rectangle in the foam and produce a clean edge.
I agree that if you don't flip it, the mold will curl/warp.
I have a girl, but the pink looks tacky, so I'll use the blue... or maybe I'll replace it with a mat of my own color choice.All-in-all a bit of a pain to work with, but so nice to have a (hopefully) permanent imprint of my baby's foot at 1 month of age.
The hospital never gave us a footprint souvenir at birth, so this is all we have.Ugh!
It's so hard to get a newborn/infant's footprint without them curling up their toes and pulling all of the clay with it, but we finally got them on our twins.
The instructions are clear and are helpful (I noticed a review that a woman rolled the dough too thin, but the directions clearly say not to.
My only real complaint though is that the backgrounds that it comes with are either pink or blue.
The only problem I did have was that my caste cracked when drying.
(This was because my husband didn't lay it exactly flat to dry, this was not any fault of the product)  However, I just filled the crack with caulk.
Do not strive for perfection or you will hate this, but a great print is possible.
This is a great product that has been hard to find in the stores.
(I have even knocked one off the wall on accident and it didn't break - they are good quality, not cheap!
Quality is pretty good.While I didn't have the problems others had with a broken frame, I was still very dissatisfied with the quality of the product.1)  The blue background is so light that it looks more like a blueish grey than blue, the pink was fine but we were going to use the blue side.2)  The clay is a horrible item to use for this purpose.
What finally worked was to roll it between wax paper, let the clay dry for 5-10 minutes after you roll the material before you try to make an impression (this was not included in the instructions).
After a day, the clay still did not completely dry and has the consistency of the stiffer marshmallows from Lucky Charms (firm but will dent with pressure).4)  There is nothing special about the frame except it is thicker.
Personally, I would use artist clay to make a foot/hand impression first and cast that in plaster.Update: 30 November 2011I contacted Pearhead regarding the difficult time we had with the clay and that it was embedded with lint and stuff from being re-rolled.
I now would like to reduce the rating of this product to a zero if that were possible.Update: Jan 2013It seems that they did not like my picture I had uploaded of my newborn son's feet stuck in the clay gunk and pulled down the picture from the site.
I had been spotting this bag in the store for sometime and broke down and bought it.
I am so glad I did.
I can easily pack two bottles in a small cooler type bag , plenty of diapers (I take 6 diapers) and a compact container of wipes, I also put several outfits in the zipper part (You never know when your little one is going to mess up his clothes)and my son's bib.
This diaper bag is however not for a long trip, it is perfect for those short trips.
I hated taking my bigger diaper out with us when we were only going to be gone for a couple of hours because it was so bulky and I didn't need that much stuff anyway.
Here I can put the strain on my body.. not just one shoulder.
Overall it is not bad.
I have not had a problem with it wearing out.
The biggest problem I have is it's lack of space for bottles.
It only has one pouch which does not fit all bottles.
I used it to downsize my diaper bag when I just had my toddler and although it seemed OK, I could not imagine using it for an infant.
There is only 1 compartment for bottles and it is small and does not accommodate all types.
Overall, I am not impressed with the Eddie Bauer line.This monitor had quite a bit of static, but worked well if we placed it someplace with the sound turned down but we could see the lights on it - it is very sensitive.
But the problem is that there's so much static that you can barely hear the sounds that it picks up.
There's so much static that it almost completely drowns out my crying baby!
The only problem with that is that the battery life in that monitor is only like 1-2 nights (tops!).
I can't believe they would come out with something this poor of quality.
My suggestion: don't [spend] your money on this monitor.I had purchased the soothing dreams monitor ... and the sound quality was so bad I took it back.
It does however, pick up the lightest sounds from my daughter, you just have listen very closely.
It had so much static.
There is no annoying static or humming like many other monitors.
I haven't had a problem with the static, and it's one of the most economical buys out there.
Then, there was so much static I couldn't sleep, and I couldn't hear the baby clearly.
I like the hard case because it is durable.
It could include a scissor.However when we first opened the hard plastic case, half of the contents fell out, since they are not secured inside it.
Additionally the case is difficult to carry by the handle (there's no hole) and is not securely closed.
For additional [money] you get a few more extra items, all secured in elastic loops in a compact pouch.The nail clippers,hairbrush, and comb are great but I did not care for the rest.
The medicine dropper is TOO hard to pull out and push in.
And the tweezers are very flimsyYou don't have to worry about your kid getting these out of the outlet since it's nearly impossible for you to get them out of the outlet.
They do give me confidence though that my baby is safe--now he's only 8 months, but is very active and I'm sure would figure out other plugs in no time.
I'm willing to spend the extra 10 seconds and a little minor effort to pull them out to keep it that way.Finally, an outlet cover that my 18 month old can't figure out how to remove!They work alright, NO ONE will use your outlet, not even you.
He's a smart kid.Despite the bad reviews, I decided to try these.
He got frustrated in about 30 seconds and never messes with them anymore.
Definitely give it and/or the Safety 1st Adapter and Plug covers a try if nothing else seems to work and you have a little tinker on your hands.The basic covers did not cut it.
They are tough to remove, but that is the point.
Thing is, if your outlets aren't 100% sturdy (i.e.. loose sockets), you adults will have a tough time too (because of how tightly they stick).
However, I have weak hands and can't get them out w/o my husband's help.
If you have similar issues, you may not want to use them in outlets that you need to use frequently.Unobtrusive, and my toddler hasn't figured them out yet -- can't argue with that.
They are a bit tricky to get in and out, and they require enough force that if your outlets aren't solidly mounted, they'll move about too.
And that's exactly what we wanted -- something impossible for babies to remove and a very appreciated pain the the a-- for adults to take out as well.
!Yes, they are difficult to remove... that is the point, of course.But they break easily upon removal.Only use in outlets you have absolutely no intention of using until after your child is old enough to know not to stick anything in them.We tried these when my todder started to be able to pull out simpler socket protectors.
Sometimes they'd work on one socket in a pair, but not the other, so I don't htink that was user error or some problem with the fixture.
Sure, they take a couple moments for us adults to remove, but the benefit outweighs any silly impatience one might feel while wiggling the cover out.
So far, our child hasn't figure it out, but we're worried these will not work as well once she's older and may switch to the cheaper ones.These did not work for out outlets.
The latch that is supposed to hook on to the plate isn't long enough so it doesn't grip and they pull right out.PRO:  I feel confident that my child will not be able to remove theseCON: We have a hard time removing these when we need to use the outlets.
My husband can but I can't.My 18 month old son easily pops off all the other plug covers but cannot get these off.
But that's a GOOD thing in my opinion.
I would rather have something that is so difficult to get out that I even have to take a few moments to do it than something my daughter is going to just pull out and possibly end up hurting herself.PROs:+Hard to pull from the wall+Easy to install+Works on any standard outletCONs:-Hard to pull from the wall even as an adult-A bit pricey if you need to do a lot of outletsSince the first time my daughter noticed the outlets she has been obsessed with them.
That's why I got these ones for her room  and the living room, where she spends most of her time, and got the simpler ones for the rest of the house.They are hard enough that she can't take them out, but not too hard that I can't remove them with one hand.I purchased these after reading the reviews on how hard they are to remove so I was not too surprised by how hard they are to remove - lol.
But, glad I decided to order them- they work like they should- making it difficult for little hands to pull out of the wall.
If it's an outlet you don't use much then these will be a great product you won't have to worry about kids getting into.Might want to get something else if it's a heavily used plug.These are not easy to remove....actually, they are a nuisance if you decide you want to use the outlet.
They may be a little hard to remove when you want to vacuum, but there is no way your baby will get them out of the wall socket.
I am very glad I bought these!I bought a bunch of these for our house based on the reviews that said they were impossible to get out.
I'm not sure if we received a defective batch or what, but some of them stay in, and others can be pulled straight out and wont lock in no matter what we do.
Well, the problem was that I couldn't remove them!
This works for us, as do a number of other products.I know the point is to make it hard for the little ones to reach the outlets, but once these are installed there is NO getting them off without destroying the darn thing!
The best part is it looks like he's just tugging on the plug so our little one is unlikely to catch onto the required button sequence.Too bad they cost so much (relative to the plain plugs) or I'd consider using them everywhere since they are fairly low profile and thus inconspicuous.The size and grip of the product might make it difficult for people with large hands or who lack coordination/strength in their fingers/hands.No worrying about toddlers or even pre-schoolers figuring these out...very well made and they do their job.To open them you have to depress the top button, then pull down towards the floor a bit and out.
Been using them for nearly 5 years now and never have my kids come even close to getting them removed.
Your baby's meds will come with the dispenser, so these are unnecessary.temperature tester: very very inaccurate, especially since babies are still not quite self-regulating when it comes to body temperature.digital thermometer: do yourself a favor and register for an ear thermometer.
-- and can be used for an older child as well as a wriggly, sick baby.
Believe me, baby will not quietly say AH and put the thermometer in his mouth when he feels awful... and just try putting it in the other way!toothbrush: bristles are NOT recommended for children under 2.
Get what you can as a gift fro your hospital, invest in a good ear thermometer, and get one of the sets of grow-up-with-baby toothbrushes that "at a baby store"First of all the bulb syringe it's TOO HARD, and worst: it did not suck at all (the blue one from the hospital have been a life saver).
The toothbrush is also not very helpful because by the time baby is ready to begin brushing, he or she will want a less clinical-looking model with a smaller, softer head than this one has.One note on the negative review at the top of the page:  maybe everyone should move to Ann Arbor, MI before delivering because the hospitals and pharmacies are much more liberal with their giveaways there.
Nail files are not effective, nor is biting their fingernails!
It's got all the essentials, including the ones you might not think to pack.Contrary to what another reviewer said I did not get any of these things or any baby care items when I left the hospital with my baby.
Everything is pretty standard and not very low quality as I had feared.
The tub thermometer is ok, but is rather hard to read underwater.
I never used the alcohol wipes or emery boards.
We're now on are third toddler toothbrush and he's not even 2 yet.
I've never had any problems with it being variable or unreliable.
not an oral.
I was told by both my son's doctor, her nurses, and the workers at Babies R Us that the ear thermometers were less reliable unless you got a hospital quality one, which is not what is available in the stores.
You can buy both of these seperately & I would have if I knew I'd not use the rest of the kit!
A lot of the other items I've found pretty useless to me.
We're about to go on a trip and the portablility (case) is great.My baby is 4 weeks old, I have not yet used a thing from it.
Also the syringe tip is too large to fit in the opening of the pain reliever so doling it out is a pain on its own and the markings rub off the syringe making it useless after a few uses.
They are inaccurate and the doctor will not take readings form them.We still haven't used the medicine spoon or dropper.
Our doctor said that usually doesn't happen until 3 years of age.Then there were the tweezers in this set...in 14 months we still have not figured out what these things are for!
We also use the cute little case to store all the junk that came with this kit that we've never used.So all in all, take everything the hospital gives you and buy a brush because the rest of this set is useless.So rarely can you find everyone you need all in one product.
The large handles on the items (especially the clippers and scissors) are very handy so that you don't have to worry about slipping and accidentally cutting your squirming newborn while trying to do those ever-important nail trimmings.
My only complaint is the nail clippers.
I tend to leave things all over my house but with this kit I never have to search for tiny items.
I have yet to use the medicine dropper or water temp taker but I doubt there is anything wrong with those items.
The medicine dropper was useless.
The fingernail clipper is also useless.
So, in all, if I were to do it again, I'd just buy the pieces one-by-one rather than in this kit since I haven't used much of it, and the parts that I have used, have mostly unimpressed me.I'm not sure what the other reviewers are talkinga bout.
The green suction bulb is so hard I can't possibly get it to compress with one hand - its useless for suctioning babies nose, we used the one from the hospital.
The tweezers were so hard to handle, I just used mine.
The nail clippers are too difficult to see what you are doing and so I end up cutting my daughter's fingers - the nail scissors are too dull to cut her nails.Overall, this is a cheap set and I wouldn't recommend it.I put this on my registry and received it at my shower.
*I didn't like the bulb syringe at all... it's not very flexible.
I use them quite a bit since my son's nails grow so quickly.
Some say to just tear the end of the nail off, but I'd hate to accidentally get it tearing into the nail bed!
*I won't use the medicine measurer anytime soon thanks to the little syringes the hospital gave me, but once he's bigger and takes larger doses of medicine, I'm sure they'll come in handy.
I do agree with one of the reviewers you get some of the items in the hospital, however, we didn't get all of the items and when you're a new parent pressed for time, it's awfully convenient to have everything you need packed into one kit.The one "add on" that we put into the kit ourselves was a digital ear thermometer.
It would make a terrific gift.It's been awhile since the last review so I thought I'd share my opinion.
While some hospitals may (did) give you some of the items in the kit, it's not a guarantee that they will and there's nothing wrong with  having a backup.
The bulb syringe does not even work.My 7 month old wants nothing to do with these... she would rather try to hold the bottle without the handles.Extend the life of your Avent's product.
I took them into Babies R Us for store credit, but unfortunately neither BRU or Buy Buy Baby had these in stock... :( Hopefully I'll find them sonewhere else soon, as I really wanted to have them for his sippy cups.So, Let me start my review by saying not being able to pick the color is annoying (I have a bruiser of a boy & received 2 pink handles), but at least the colors offered match the Avent label on the bottles, so it's not that big of a deal.
I never had any troubles with leaking or anything.
I got two green ones, which is fine, just wish I had a choice!Even though I saw the disclaimer &#34;colors may vary&#34;, I still did not expect to receive 2 pink trainer handles.
The traditional bottles I imagine would be great but these are useless for me unfortunately.These work perfectly with the avent bottles but you need to buy spouts too.
:)I move a lot so making sure my frames are durable is paramount.
My older twins had a regular Diaper Genie, let me tell you that thing was the worst!!
And When I empty it the smell is no worse than a regular dirty diaper smell.
They said that they just dispose of the #2 waste in a diaper down the toilet, not the whole diaper or the wipe, just the "#2".
This is not what you want.
)This keeps the odor at bay nicely, but unfortunately, when you add another dirty diaper you end up smelling all the old ones.
Since we bought the dekor plus it is bigger, but since the smell keeps getting out we have never even allowed more than a day's diapers -5- to stay in there.
The new oval version does not work as well, also get the smaller size model -the dekor not the dekor plus.-I bought this for my child's nursery.
I love that I do not feel like I am wasting bags.
My only complaint would be that I wish it was bigger (it's smaller than a standard trash can).We used this with the plastic refills for the first few months while using disposables & then switched to using a planet wise pail liner when we started cloth diapering.
Very rarely do I catch a wiff while putting a diaper in.My only complaint is for cloth diapering it could be bigger.
Although it can be heavier to lift due to the sealing around the edge of the lid, it gets the job done better then anything having to use my hands, and I never have a problem getting my dirty diaper in the pail due to this.
It has a small "razor edge" (very well protected from any injury) on the inside of the door that you slice the bag off however full it is.
I bought two boxes before my daughter was born, and she is now 8 months old, and I STILL have not had to buy any more boxes yet!
Regular cleaning and Lysoling helps keep the pail as fresh as possible.I reccomend this pail to all my friends.
My daughter is now 11 months old and the entire room STINKS whenever we have to dispose of a soiled diaper!
I had one with my first two children and it may be more of a hassle to use but I do not recall it omitting as much odor as the Diaper Dekor Plus.
We use the biodegradeable bag refills in it...not sure if that has anything to do with the smell issue.
Just imagine how bad it is when you change the bag.Would I purchase again?
a knob next to top opening easily locks trap door-foot lever never malfunctioned-easy to reload plastic bag refills-contained the odors wellCON:-now that I have two kids, this diaper pail isn't that necessary-extra cost just to pay for expensive trash bag refills?
If you go back and forth with cloth and disposable, or plan to do one and then the other, this is a great option, as you can use it easily for both options, as opposed to the Munchkin or Diaper Genie, which are much harder to use with cloth.This diaper pail keeps the smells in, while allowing you to cut the bags and throw them out whenever you want!We purchased this when for our nursery.
I empty this thing maybe once a week (sometimes longer if I'm lazy) and I never smell the dirty diapers.
Our baby is only 6 months so I haven't had to worry about this yet, but she's crawling and into everything, so I'm sure it's not far off.-Looks nice.
The refills are pricier than some others, I'm sure, but they last forever.
I'm not sure if this is because it's sitting on plush carpet and not on a hard surface or what, but the lid doesn't always fully shut.
Let's face it - leave dirty diapers in a warm room for a week or more, and it WILL smell.There IS one poor aspect to the Diaper Dekor - you'll read about it in every review...
In reality, it is a child-magnet.I found a clean solution to the problem, but it is a shame we have to do this.
That flap helps a lot - it means that as the lid is opened, it isn't pulling "dirty" air up from the can's interior, so that definitely cuts down on the odor spread.The biggest issue we have with it, however, are the refills - they don't last the longest and they give no warning when they're about to run out.
If you're not careful, this could make for a baaaad day - the refills come as a long tube of bag which you pull down and tie on the bottom, cutting the top and retying it each time you want to empty the bin.
If you're lazy and don't pull the newly tied/clean/empty bag section down all the way, you might not realize that there are only a few inches left - which will cause the bag to fall to the bottom, open, when the contents get heavy enough.
That's bad on its own, but if unnoticed, you could easily fill the container, without the bag in place, and have a nasty, smelly surprise waiting for you.
Of course, if used as per the instructions, pulling the bag all the way down when changing it, you shouldn't have a problem.
Doing so, however, is easy to overlook.My son is now 3 months old, and therefore still in the baby poop phase, and we have not yet had any odor issues with this system.
I have never, even at it's fullest, noticed a smell from it, and my husband has likened me to a bloodhound for my ridiculously sensitive sense of smell.
The refills are not expensive, especially for how long they last.
It does not, however, smell if the whole thing is closed and unused.
You gotta make sure your used diaper is wadded up tightly because that helps it break through the trap door (with light or barely used diapers, you'll have to probably use your hand to push it past the trap door.
also, the refills last forever and are pretty inexpensive!The biggest problem with it is the smell that escapes from the diaper into the bin.
It might not be too bad while the bin is closed, but once the bag changing time comes, you'll be in for all of foul odor.
I would not use this diaper pail in any room other than a bathroom, where the smell can be captured and gotten rid off through ventilation.PROS:- It is large so no frequent bag cycles are needed- Offers flexibility of frequent or infrequent bag "changes" without wasting the plastic.- Offers a very convenient foot pedal to open the lid- Has an attractive look especially in many offered colors- Does not require for the diaper to be pushed down - if the diaper is soiled enough and is heavy it will fall through by itselfCONS:- Because it is large and the diapers just fall through it is hard to judge how much diapers there are in there.
We also use it for our 8 week olds dirty diapers, yuck!PROS-* Nice and big, can hold many diapers* Really is one handed, very cool and easy* No smells, not now and not ever!
At the rate we are going, we won't need to open another box of refills until close to his 6 month birthday.Don't let the price tag worry you - it's WELL worth the price because there is absolutely no odor.
With two dogs in the house, we worried that the diaper can would become a hunting ground, but they haven't shown the least bit of interest.
In the long run, the refills are much cheaper than the other brands and it's well worth the money to not have to waste your time on flimsy grocery-store bags - they simply can't contain the stink - find another use for them - line your other waste pails with them.
My planet wise diaper bag fits perfectly but it is a little hard to get out once it is full, not to big of a deal for me.
However once we stopped using cloth and switched to disposables the smell was awful!There are two problems with the champ, one is it's top heavy so it tips easily and two is it has a hole near the handle so odor is always seeping through.The Diaper Dekor Plus solved both of those issues and more.
Our 18-month-old son does lift the lid up sometime and opens the flap, but never tries to put his hands in.
The only time I notice a smell is when I'm opening it up to throw in a diaper or to change the pail liner.I like this product so much that I recommend it to anyone I know who's having a baby whether they are using disposables or cloth diapers!It's very easy to change the bags, the one step feature works as descibed however, the so called triple seal design DOES NOT complete odor control.
It worked for some people, but I am not loving it.
It's virtually odor free (though not always!)
I have gotten a couple of unpleasant whiffs, but if you change the bag often, you'll have no problem.
To all the parents who gave this negative reviews because of the smell, I'd suggest buying a couple packs of the disposable powder scented bags and a container of Febreze or the Clorox disinfecting spray.
When I finally got tired of taking every diaper out to the garage I tried the munchkin arm and hammer pail and a few months later it also seems to have absorbed the poop smell into the plastic and we have the same awful smell in our nursery.
Between the two pails I think the munchkin is harder to use and it sounds like it is going to break when it starts getting full, I think I got more diapers into the dekor before having to change out the bags.
The other diaper pails you have to adjust, and it is hard enough to keep a squirming baby on the table.
I never had a problem with it smelling.
The only complaint I have is that now that my daughter is a toddler, she loves to lift the lid of the dekor and reach in to take out the dirty diapers.
Let me explain why I love this system the most:- Foot lever to open the lid makes it easy to keep one hand on baby and drop the diaper in without a hassle.- Lid to the diaper storage area takes minimal effort to push it down and drop the diaper in, but it is also LOCKABLE for when baby gets older and starts to "explore" their nursery.- Top lid drops down securely and so you actually have two barriers between the bag of diapers and the air of the nursery so I've never smelled anything.- Inside there's the never-ending stream of plastic which serves as the diaper bag and I have found this to be so effective, when it comes time to change the bag I can compress the diapers and cut the plastic using the inside cutter to maximize the bag use.
It does not contain odors very well.However, I do like the foot pedal for opening and it does hold a lot of diapers.
Do yourself a favor and give this one a try, you won't regret it!beware, as your child ages, this system does not hide the odors.
Getting a fresh bag is quick and easy to do.
The only downfall is that I haven't seen the refills at the local Walmart or Target and the nearest Babies R us is 45 minutes away so we order them online.
Thats with me being lazy and not wrapping the diapers tight and also putting regular trash into it.
I thought for sure it would be dreadful, but nothing... No smell at all.I've tried just about every other diaper pail out there... between my MIL daycare, stores and friends.
Again, not too bad, but no it does NOT work as well as the genie.
However, the big "pro" to this pail is that you do not HAVE to buy the refills.
I actually did buy the refills a couple of times, but came to hate them because when they run out they wouldn't always obviously "stop" like the genie and on more than one occasion I went to empty the pail to find a collapsed bag with a bunch of loose dirty diapers inside.
This makes a great secondary pail for wet diapers.
The foot pedal that opens the lid is AWESOME and it's easy to push the diaper into the pail, making disposal of a messy diaper very easy.
The genie is also working and odor free however the genie is a pain to use.
The dekor is just a step and go system, the genie has the lid, the twisting and re sealing ;at 3AM this is a total pain!
Just a tip: if you have small rooms or just don't want any bad smell in the room, take the pail else where or even outside to tie off the bag.
My mom found that one somewhat difficult to get the hang of... making sure the diaper went through the inner flaps.
5 months later, however, I LOVE this product.
It's small and sleek, so not at all an eyesore in our very minimalist nursery, but it is also VERY functional.
We're even buying a second one to keep in our playroom.If I had to come up with a criticism, it would be that in order to get the full storage benefit (since it has an oblong shape) every once in a while you have to jiggle the whole can back and forth to make sure the diapers are distributed evenly and not just piling up in the middle.
I have mine full to the brim and so far have not detected any odors and I am not hard of smelling.
I would recommend this to anyone.When I went shopping for a diaper pail, I did my research because I did not want a pail that was complicated or smelly.
In the months that we have had it, we have never had a problem with smell.
There is no complicated stuffing and twisting like there is with the other diaper pails (that I have heard from friends do not work as well with keeping smell out of the nursery--ie.
I do have to admit that when the pail gets a little full, we tend to pack the diapers down so that the bags will last longer, but I have never had a problem with getting anything on my hands.
The only issue I have with this is that I have it on carpet, and it can be difficult to use the foot pedal because of this (wants to sink into the carpet).
When I got the diaper dekor plus I assumed that it would be big enough to hold a weeks worth of dirty diapers, I only get maybe about two days before they have to start being 'shoved' in... which is just icky, seriously.
If you are using disposables and don't mind taking your diapers out to the trash every few days, you'll love this... however, if you going through a service, or just don't want to go out to the trash every few days look into a larger capacity diaper pail.Highly disappointed in this diaper disposal system.
Both of the others I had purchased were not worth the money... they were either not easily cleaned, or did not block enough of the smell!
My 4 month olds diapers dont stink too much yet, but this pail will handle the job!
You can also choke off the bag when changing to not get the full smell whereas diaper champ you have to lean over the stinky bag.
(3) Our secondary flapper door was hanging open the past few weeks, probably the result of a loose spring affected by corrosion (the air stays moist inside this pail).
We love it!You only need one hand to throw the soiled diaper away.
I'd say that is very good!The diaper dekor does not allow any odor to stink up my daughter's room.
Our 11 year-old handles taking out the trash and he has not had any problem with the handling the Diaper Dekor.
I mean, you have a bag full of poopy diapers....I think no matter what trashcan you use some stink is going to get out.
I have started using my own bags, but they are a pain to put in and take out.
I'm glad this was a gift - I won't feel TOO bad when I toss it!This really does keep all the smell in.
Our baby was on breast milk, so not knowing the odor containing abilities (or lack thereof), I thought it was pretty nifty.
Sometimes poop would get on the flippy opening, but not too much trouble to wipe it.
We live in a small condo and his room is quite small as well.
Even with that, we never, ever have had the house - or his room - smelling like used diapers.
And yes, this is a child who is home with me all day (so, unlike another reviewer said, no, the lack of smell is not because his diapers are going in a daycare's pail!
Fantastic at odor control.My complaints - minor - are the latch, which as others have noted is a bit flimsy and takes a bit of fiddling sometimes to get it to stay closed (not always easy with a 2-year-old trying to "help"!
VERY minor complaints, though, and certainly wouldn't keep me from using it again, and didn't keep me from giving it 5 stars.I picked this off the reviews and I am not disappointed!
There is not stink, it is SUPER easy to use when you are half awake, and emptying it is easy as pie.This thing works!
I'm very glad we got this, I don't know what would we do without it.
(Those diapers are quite smelly, believe it or not!
The style (foot pedal controlled flip-up top with trap doors in) makes it impossible for our puppy to get into, and this dog is an expert at trash cans.
It's nearly impossible to find the refill liners in stores (I've seen them once at Baby Depot, never at BRS, Target, Walmart, or anywhere else) so they need to be ordered ahead of time, which means we always have to pay shipping for them as well.2.
A minor point, but it is hard to tell when the liner is about to run out.
Our daughter can be "stinky" at times but we've never had a problem with smell.
I find it easy to use, contains odors, is easy to empty and refill, and looks fairly modern yet not an eyesore.
BEST OF ALL the bags smell like baby powder, so when you're changing out the bags, you smell baby powder, not poopoo.
Be sure that you buy "diaper dekor plus" refills for the diaper decor plus.
We have the Diaper Dekkor next to our daughter's changing table in the nursery and we have not had any problems with odors.
I only have gripe, and that is you do not know when the bags are coming to an end.
We keep this in the bathroom because after a while it stinks - we are on our second one - the first lasted us a year and then it smelled so bad even after being cleaned extensively many, many, many times we just threw it out and bought another one.
That said, it still works.Now that our baby is growing up, however, we've been using our Dekor less and less.
The Dekor doesn't do a great job eliminating odors, and that's starting to become a problem.
The system comes with one liner refill, and refills are sold 3 to a pack (I see them all the time at my Babies 'R' Us, and my Babies 'R' Us almost never has anything in stock!).
I'm really not sure how that would ever happen, as you are the one who has to open the side of the pail to remove the full bag and pull down the new liner.
Only if it was completely dry would it not fall through.
But I have never touched another dirty diaper doing this, and I think that it's still worth not having to reach down and lift and push and twist, like you do with the Diaper Genie.There were also comments on refilling the liner.
No, it is not as simple as dropping a bag in, like you would a regular trash can.
But it most certainly is not complicated.
We have not been disappointed yet.
The only slight thing I noticed is that we cannot use the foot mechanism (toe-button) to open the lid in our son's room due to the carpeting (which has a high pile).
It worked fine on less "fluffy" carpeting and on hard flooring, and this was not a large issue for us.