
Made life easier when the doctor would ask questions about habits because we had it all right thereThis book is such a life saver.
It has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.
I think it is one of those things that everyone should be required to have before they leave the hospital.
It also has a section for her to write notes and let me know anything she may need.
When he started going to the sitter when I went back to work, it helped me know how his day went to better prepare me for how the evening would most likely go.
The note sections to the side and bottom are useful too because his sitter writes in small notes about whether or not he liked his lunch or if the playtime included going for a walk, etc.Excellent for moms who are wanting to keep track of their kids daily routine even though they are at work.
Excellent for dads to keep track as my husband can quickly forget what time he fed our son.
I'm no longer searching my daughter's bag for a crumpled piece of paper each day.
I would have preferred a plastic-type cover, but it's held up well so farThis is great for basics, but I wish the space to write things in was bigger.
A lot times I need struggle trying to read what the caretaker wrote in because the spaces go togetherMy 3 month old son spend half of his days with my mother and half with a neighbor while I worked.
I had them track his activity (loosely) in this which allowed me to get an idea of how his schedule was developing and how much milk he was eating.
I'm a first time new mom, and this book made it so easy to keep track of feedings, diaper changes, sleep.
I ended up buying a regular weekly planner - 55% OFF!
- The Planner - that is 8 1/2 x 11 and has all seven days on the right page and the left page has room to write a To Do List and Goals.
I found this to be more helpful because I could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - I could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.
You can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes.
It gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones.
Once I used up the entire book, I bought this Baby Tracker, which tracks only days since my daughter is sleeping during the night now.
Her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day.
It was so bad we had to contact our pediatrician's after hours on-call doctor.
Looking at the tracker we realized a trend, the baby was not feeding for a long time AND we had very few wet diapers and bowel movements.
This was an indication our baby was dehydrated and the doctor suggested we start pumping breast milk (to see how much we get) and supplement with formula until sufficient breast milk finally came in.
The feeding column we wrote how many ounces of breast milk or formula we gave and how long he breast fed for.
We even write notes about his first smile, who came to visit, ect to keep in his memory boxI use this so that our babysitter (grandma) can keep track of what goes on during the day.
It is a 6 month diary and has room for notes.
The nice thing is that if we had a rough night and we are super tired, we have something to refer to if we forgot when we last fed the baby or when he woke up.
My only wish is that it was in a 24 hour format.
But other than that it is greatHas columns for all the info I need at a glance when I get home from work.
We're cramming those in to the 2 blank spaces above 7am right nowMy wife and I have a six month old baby boy and around the 4-month mark my wife decided that she would return to work instead of being a stay-at-home mom.
We hired an in-home nanny to care for our little boy and the arrangement has worked quite well ever since.
Shortly after starting the arrangement we realized that we would need some sort of journal to track our little boy's activities while he was with the nanny and we were working.
The journal pages are clearly divided into columns for tracking feedings, nap-time, diaper changes, play-time as well as general areas for notes and tracking milestones.
The legibility in the Baby Tracker is a huge improvement over our standard notebook entries that really ended up becoming small paragraphs.
In a few short moments you can summarize all of the data in the columns in the totals section and determine key information - how much did baby eat, did baby have a bowel movement, how much sleep did they get, etc.There are, however, some frustrating limitations with this journal.
First the entire layout is about half a notebook sheet divided down the middle (portrait layout).
This constrains entries to very small spaces on each column and row.
However, once your baby becomes more active and you'd like to know more than &#34;tummy time&#34; under the play-time column things start to get very tight on the page.Another problem is that this tracker only covers 12 hours out of a baby's day.
However, we really wanted to track our little boy's entire day which often starts much earlier than 6am.
Using this journal that would require the use of a second page.--------------------WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(+) Good layout that is easy to read and instantly gather information about your baby's day in a matter of moments(+) High quality paper(+) Consistent quality between the pages--------------------WHAT I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(-) Expensive and gets you at most 6-months, less if you use more than one page for tracking your babies entire day(-) The cover is thick but not a hardback and bends easily in a diaper bag(-) The pages should really be bigger.
This is an adequate journal but expensive for what you get and limitations because of page sizeI thought keeping a simple handwritten journal would be nice.
But I haven't used this thing at all, and here's why:1.)
(I don't nurse in the same place every time.)2.)
You're also often so sleep deprived that - at least for me - I'd forget to look at what time we started on a side, or what side we started on.
I really like the app I have (Baby Connect).
For example, it can tell me how long on average feedings have been taking (helpful as we start to think about sleep training).
It makes it easy to track things and write down developmental notes in an organized way.
I know moms who create spreadsheets of their baby's nap times, etc.
It is really helpful if you breastfeed to keep track of feeding patterns and wet diapers to make sure baby is eating enough.
It helped me keep a written record to take to Dr appts so I had all the information they ask you for on hand already, and even helped me note and analyze baby's sleep patterns once he got a little older.
We're on the third one now.
It's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;Oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.
She's probably crying because she's tired.&#34; But the BEST thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.
I flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.
It is a great way to track when I breastfeed, what breast he ate from, how long, etc.
Plus when pee diapers are changed and poopy diapers.
Our Pediatrician is always asking # of Wets and # of Dirty Diapers per day...so I bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.
I plan on ordering 3 more so I have enough to track this entire first year of his lifeI didn't think I would really use this and I was wrong.In the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm I was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones.
From the reviews I read this one looked like it had everything that one needs to write down and remember, so I bought it.
Hope it ends up being as useful at it looksI have used this tracker for all 3 of my children and swear by it!
It is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc).
I also used it to jot down other important &#34;mile stone&#34; things that I would have quickly forgotten&#8230;like outings, temperature readings, visits from friends to meet him, calls to make, when we stopped swaddling him, etc.
I went back to formally fill out his baby album since I would have forgotten so many of those valuable little tidbits of information & memoriesWe found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)
I like having the room to write things about our baby's day and development, plus use the "Notes" section to write some story, etc.
I will be buying another one soonGREAT journal.
My little one had feeding issues and it was necessary to explain his habits and behavior to the pediatrician and several lactation consultants.
His feeding issues also contributed to sleep issues, which I was also able to track in the journal.
It makes life much easier knowing my child's meal and nap times.
Excellent for communication for when you don't have your child.
Even when I'm at work, that night I know exactly how my childs day has gone just by looking at his book.
Especially during those first few weeks/months when growth spurts are common and you can't remember anything because you haven't slept muchTHis has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but I REALLY wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be AM and the right PM.
The way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with PM on the left and A.M. on the right).
It's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in AM or PM then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).
I was having problems remembering how much she was eating, whether she was sleeping better or not.
This helped me keep track of those things and more.
I could look back and see if there were any changes in her eating habits - it wasI started using it like a little journal that my daughter can see when she's older.
I kept notes about her moods, what she did during the day.
Not sure exactly what made me think that I could keep up with recording every feeding, diapering, and sleep session.
I can really see how this would help with finding a schedule but I decided to let baby lead since we have a very flexible lifestyleEasy to track feeding, playtime, changes, naps etc.
With the restless nights and the nights blending together, it&#8217;s so easy to forget the last poopy diaper or what side and time you started feeding your little one.
The print on each page is a light grey, so trying to journal diapers, bottles, meds in the middle of the night is a challenge.
It is detailed in slots to make notes and I would prefer a journal that does not take space for breast-feeding if one chooses formula only.
I could use the space to make more notes and comment on something cute that dayThis is the best way to keep track of when your baby eats, sleeps, poops, gets a bath, etc.
I took this to all infant doc appt.
We did, but it stayed in the suitcase for 2 days because we were SO &#34;out of it&#34; dealing with my c-section,, etc.
We had been keeping notes -on loose sheets of paper- of baby's feedings and diaper output (so crucial those first few days).
We were also using an iPhone app that proved more annoying than useful.
Whenever a nurse or pediatrician walked in the room, we couldn't find which paper scrap we'd written it on.
Frustrating and inaccurate.
Once we started using the baby tracker, we could see easily all the info in one page, quickly update it and keep us on top of things like expected time of next feeding, etc.
I have continued using it and it really makes me feel organized and in control.
I keep it by my chair where I nurse him, so I can stay on top of jotting things down.
It has helped figure out his sleeping and eating patterns - greatThis has been my go to for my scheduling of my twins.
They are four months old now and I have their care givers fill this in when they can.
That way I have an idea of the schedule they are developing.
Columns for diaper changes, amount feed, comments, etc.
The time intervals are :30 minutes seems adequate, though sometimes I wish it was a bit more detailed.
Also would have liked a ribbon or movable tab/page to keep track of what page in the log book we are at.
It keeps track of everything the doctor will ask you.
(How many poop diapers, how many pee diapers, how often are you feeding, how often is he sleeping, what's his schedule like).
There was sufficient space for notes I didn't think, but all in all it was nice to have everything laid out.
If you're organized you could easily make one of these yourself and not spend the money, but when we had our baby I just needed one thing done for me and not have to do it myself and for that it was very helpfulThe Daycare workers were offended by the book at first but after explaining its usefulness they realized how handy it is becomingThis is probably one of the greatest inventions.
When you are sleep deprived and learning everything for the first time, you don't know which way is up or down sometimes.
It can be extremely overwhelming, especially when breastfeeding every 2 hours.
It literally never left my side for the first 6 months.
I also wrote notes for each day so I could see a history of reactions/milestones.
It made it easier to figure out what gave my baby gas or why she slept better on certain days.Coupled with the Itzbeen Pocket Nanny Timer (which is also a necessity), I never really lost track (or my mind).
One of the most useful items yetThis product is awesome.
It was so helpful to keep track of feedings and diaper changes in those early, sleep-deprived days.
Would definitely recommend and will likely purchase again for our next babyPerfect way to keep track of the day for a little one-- this journal allows for detailed tracking of milk intake, diapers, sleep, and activity.
Being a new mom (and dad) we were exhausted and I can't imagine trying to remember when the baby was last fed, changed, etc.
It is a good size and plenty of room to write everything down that you need.
You can keep track of anything your baby does, from eating and sleeping and diapering to all the other things they do like first smile and first laugh.
I only wish that instead of being 3 months it would be longer, like 6 months or even 1 year.
It's a great way to see a new infants progression toward feeding and sleeping schedules.
The only thing that could be improved is for there to be 5 cars.
So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.
All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.)
They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggestThese are such nice cars to teach little ones numbers and the stacking value.
Ours have been scooted across the floor, cat's tail, into walls, you name it and they've always come back for more.
The bright colourful colours really held her attention.
When she was sitting we played the &quot;Mummy stack them, Baby knock them down&quot; game and &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; with the smaller colours under the bigger cars.
At 2, she still sometimes gets them out of the toy box to stack and knock over.
Great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.
When he does get hold of them, exploring the ladder on the fire truck develops his fine motor skills too, and he like chewing on all of them and shaking the rattly little one!
Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth.
Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth.
Several things though--1.
If you sew you can make one that is more directed to your child.
Some of the activities are too hard for the age group that would be playing with this bookI had a homemade quiet book when I was a kid and saw some on pinterest.
Since I don't know how to sew, I visited Etsy to see if I could buy one from that site.
I couldn't believe the prices!
It's pricey, but it's good quality and much easier on the pocketbook than others.
My daughter has a hard time getting the snaps on/off (they require a little extra &#34;elbow grease&#34; and/or for you to hold down the fabric on the page).
My 20 month old struggles with several of the items, such as the shoe laces and snaps.
we take it to church to entertain them and each week they are excited to get it outI really like this book.
I see a lot of quality time spent with this book in the futureI bought this book for my almost 2 year old daughter hoping it would be a nice activity on a plane trip.
His older brother had the strawberry vibrating teether but I prefer this one because it doesn't look so feminine and it is also less expensiveThis teether is ridiculous.
It's huge, it's hard to clamp down on, and my daughter had no idea what was going on when it started vibrating in her mouth.It's just too big, awkward, and hard to push down on.
It took him a few tries to get the hang of it but its real simple for him to use.
When he bites it and it vibrates, he starts laughing and the tears disappearWhile I sort of wish I could change the batteries in these things instead of buying a new one when it dies (my little guy HAS to have it vibrate), this was a life saver for me when both my kids (one 4 years and one 6 months) were/are teething.
I believe this is for babies that are a little more older.
I gave this to her when she was 4 months since she keeps on sticking items in her mouthmy 5mth old daughter really likes this teething toy.
great product for the money and a must have for a teething babyI thought my daughter would LOVE this product, but not the case..it is made well..But you have to bite down REALLY hard to make the vibration work :( She does however like the toy at the bottom of itOur teething little five month old girl can't really make it vibrate, but the eight month boy grandchild does.
The vibration was a bit stronger than I was expecting, but it does not seem to bother my son a bitGreat teething ring and toy.My 6 mth loves it, its so much fun.he loves the vibration, the little color wheel to the other end he loves to spin.something fun to bite on for his aching gum.I recommend itMy son loved this toy form the time he was teething until well after the time he got his teeth in.
I plan on buying this for my daughter who is now 3 months even though she is not teething yet, she loves putting things in her mouthThe teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.He's already figured out how to activate the vibration.
!There were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not- the packing says they are NOT.
So unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us, they do not appear to be replaceableGreat toy for teething!
It didn't take her long to press down with her front teeth to activate the massaging action.
He loves that as well but has to be supervised so he doesn't choke, you think for long skinny objects made for babies that they would make a guard block to prevent any type of choking.This teether will be better if it had an on/ off button, my baby not able to bite down hard enough to turn it on and once again we have to hold it for him to turn it on.
I was trying to find a teether with vibrations he can use by himselfI am so glad we invested in this product....at the time the baby was teething like a feind and this was a life saverthought would be a great idea for my almost 1 y/o...however, she really doesn't like it.
Don't really know if the vibration massages.
It is very easy for the little one to stimulate the vibrating action, making it a huge hitThis product sucks.
My little boy LOVES to chew on things while he's teething - and he bites down hard.
He was never able to bite hard enough to get this dumb thing to vibrate.
Very disappointingI got this as a shower gift but could not use it for awhile.
Once she got a little bigger it was a much better toy for her.
But don't get me wrong she loved it when she was itty bitty she just needed a little help from mommyI like this product a lot, but was very excited to receive it to apply on my 5 month old who is starting the whole teething process... the product vibrates great, the colors are attractive to her, and as soon as she sees it its the first thing she wants to grab.
However, its a little heavy for her and in order to make it vibrate I have to hold it because it requires more strength than her tiny mouth has at the moment.
Hopefully as she becomes stronger she can use this product better.
But overall I really like itThe yellow part vibrates once little gums/teeth chomp down on it.
easy to hold on to, can easily hook (Via rings or carabiner) to a diaper bag etc.
I don't know what I would do without this one, I think it is a must have!
Cute toy snd she seems to like it even when it isn't in her mouthThis toy was our go-to when my daughter was teething.
It really soothed her and calmed her down.
We will definitely be buying another one for our next babyBoth my daughters loved this teether.
It made them happier than any other product on the market, including a certain rubber giraffeThis works well to keep a baby busy.
It's just too bad you can't change the battery.
The battery hasn't run out yet though.
I did buy this previously for another baby and I don't recall the battery running out for a long timeInitially, my baby was not able to cause it to vibrate on his own because he just wasn't chomping down hard enough.
When he finally did, the battery gave out nearly the same day.
The battery would work in short spurts after a rest but I wouldn't waste my money on it againBought this based on the reviews.
My daughter is an early teether at 3 months old.
My only complaint is that she has a hard time activating the vibration by biting hard enough.
She LOVES it, I only wish it had an on/off switch so I didn't have to hold it for her.
She actually cries when I try to take it away from herAt first my 7 month old could not initiate the vibrating on her own.
This product is good qualityAt first he was unsure about it, but now he likes to use it.
He wants nothing to do with it.
The one complaint I have is that they have to really bite down hard to get it to vibrate so I often found myself squeezing it for them as they pulled it to their mouthsMy baby hated this thing so I cannot comment on it's effectiveness.
Bit it seemed like a cool idea.
The vibration made it fun and it took the edge off for my little guy.
We never leave the house without this thing and it is the go-to gift I give to all my expecting friendsBaby loves this teether.
The nice thing is that when she no longer wants it to vibrate, she still has fun the with handle the spins.
Great product and it has lasted despite being thrown all aroundMy friend recommended this teether because her daughter loves it.
Hopefully, it will work better for youWe have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I don't know if she favors one for the other.
It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.
It vibrates while our little 9-month-old bites on it!
He never took a pacifier, but this toy is the closest thing--sometimes when he's screaming, this toy is the only thing that'll calm him down.
Definitely worth the moneyThe product is great.
However, the reason I gave it four stars and not five is because he doesn't bite down hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, and so he lost interest in it fairly quicklyThis is one of my twin sons favorite teethers, but they are only six months old and right now it is too heavy for them to hold by themselves, so we have to sit and hold it in their mouths for them.
Having said that, when we do hold it for them, they love it and want to gnaw on it for at least 15 minutes or so.
Also, it is different from other teethers in that when they are done using it, they don't seem like they are still in pain and need to go gnaw on something else.
They actually seem like they feel better, so we are able to give them less ibuprofen which I feel is really a good thingEveryone should buy this!
He seems to enjoy the way it feels, but it's actually so hard to squeeze that even our hands get tired after a minute or so.
Maybe better for older teethersOur teething baby absolutely loved loved this product and would seek it out to sooth his sore gums.
She also likes it because it has some weight to it and she can really throw it pretty far!
I was surprised when it arrived and the packaging stated that the product is, "safety tested" for BPA, lead, and phthalates.
Perhaps too much so.
But, I would rather err on the side of caution where my child is concerned, and the lack of clear "BPA free" labeling on this product gives me pause.
If not, why wouldn't the company simply label the product as BPA, lead, and phthalate free?Eight years ago, when I gave this toy to my sons, no one had ever heard of BPA.
My boys put all manner of plastic toys in their mouths, and I'm sure it was all riddled with BPA.
Again, why not label it as such?
Most companies proudly label their products with that simple language that cannot be confusedDon't waste your money, my son would rather suck on his fingers than to use this messaging corn teether.
The massager really has to be squeezed in order to workI bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs, on the recommendation of her occupational therapist.
It sooths her like nothing else.
We put it in her mouth and she immediately relaxes and even falls asleep with it.
I thought maybe he's just too young & not interested in it(even though he did have 2 teeth already) He is now 8 months old, and still isn't very interested in this teether.
He would rather pick up a toy car, or some sort of stuffed toy, which I understand every child is different.
My only big complaint - the star bead on the end.
It is hard, and pointy.
If it catches my son's sore, in-coming teeth the wrong way, he will cry.
No funky smell, bpa free.
As another reviewer pointed out, if your child chews on the pointy edge of the star it can be very painful.
I have thrown this necklace out after having to pull off the road last week when my child screamed suddenly in the back of the car and was then crying hystericallyI was skeptical at first about 'babywearing', I tried it once as a joke with this sling that was given to me and fell in love.
It was one of the only places besides the breast that my daughter would fall asleep consistently for the fist 4 months or so.
She sits on my hip and watches me do the dishes or fold laundry.
Although it was adjustable I think for my next child I'll try a sling that comes in sizesI got this carrier before my son was born.
It is also very bulky.
It doesn't even fit in an empty diaper bag.
My next carrier will be unpaddedI really wanted to love this sling.
I put him in the cradle position, but I was so afraid he was going to sufficate on the fabric around him, I had to keep my hand in the sling next to his face.As he got older, it did get easier to use.
It was good to use while in the grocery store.
However, it pulled hard on my shoulder.Now, he's 7 months old, and he's crawling and pulling himself up, and he doesn't like to be restrained at all.
I've tried the kangaroo position, but I'm so scared he's going to fall out the bottom because he is quite a wiggle worm.
It doesn't cut across the back like the front packs can.
My child hardly ever cries and when I say she screams, I mean turns red and screams.
She has carried him in it since she brought him home from the hospital.
She can nurse him while walking.
He was actually crying the first time we put him in it this way, and stopped immediately.
DEFINITELY make sure the one you buy comes with the video, though.
without the book and video.
They are a must.
The usual type carriers which have baby putting all their weight on their pelvic bone aren't good for their developing bones.
There really aren't a ton of places you can buy these, so I wasn't too concerned about the price.
All told, Baby Bungalow did offer it for the best price, including shipping.While the sheet is a perfect fit, I was perplexed by the 'button' holes on the under side of each corner.
Can't imagine what those are for.
That or my Co-Sleeper is on the older side and there have been design changes since.Overall, quality productThe color is a close match.
It is a good quality sheet.
I would recommend to anyone who purchased the co-sleeper so you can change the sheet after spit upsI purchased a total of 4 of these, thinking I needed to change the bedding constantly due to spit up.The instructions said to hang dry only so I thought I needed more to get through the week.
It turns out I can just toss it in the dryer and put it right back on the mattress.Had I known I didn't need to hang dry, I wouldn't have purchased any extra and just went with the 2 they gave me when I purchased the cosleeper.The material is average, nothing special.
That was disappointing to my daughter who I bought the sheets for and of course to me.
I have gotten it to work but sometimes it gets in the way of latching the snack tray on the front.
it's not the most durable stroller toy i've seen, but it's cuteI was a little nervous because so many people wrote that this adorable product did not fit Graco strollers well.
only reason i didn't give it a five star was that the food cup in the bug comes off way too easilyI just bought this toy because it was the only one I could find in the store for a stroller.. And of course it won't fit on our Graco strollerBaby loved this but the only problem is the straps that tie it to the stroller are not big enough for some trays.
It was a complete waste of money!
Try it in the store on a stroller like you own before buyingyou couldn't ask for a better diaper pail.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
It has a lot of room to store the dirty diapers, and yet there is little to no smell.
You know when it's full because the plunger won't go down all the way, and you can't return the handle to the other position.
When you take the garbage bag out, you can tell just how much smell you'd be in for with any other container.
I also like that you can use whatever garbage bags you want with this, instead of having to buy special ones.
A good buyI originally had another pail and it broke after about 9 months of use, so I got this one.
It is very easy to use and keeps the diapers away from little hands.
Also no expensive refills to buy!
Great pailTurned out to be a total stink bomb.
Amazon will not let me alter the star rating or it would be only one starDo NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.
It WILL STINK TERRIBLY in a little over a year because they put a foam and cloth gasket (porous) to keep the stink in.
We didn't end up cloth diapering after all, but feel fortunate to have gotten the champ.Reasons we love the champ:*1) Cost- no specialized (expensive) bags.
This takes any mid-sized household trash bag.
We've put some really eye-watering, throat gagging diapers into this contraption and the smell doesn't sneak out- even over time.
That smell can bowl you over.
*3) Easy enough for visitors to use- too difficult for them to play with.
Many of the "grown-ups" in my world can't help but tinker with whatever new items are placed before them.
I'm thrilled they can't figure out how to open the DC.
I think this lid will confound any toddler, but it's really simple for parents once you get the concept down.I just wish it could empty its own "payload."
It is in the nursery and there is no smell at all.
I am usually very sensitive about any bad smells, and so is my mom but even she couldnt smell any odors.
So far this has been a great product.
The lid is definately tight, but it does not bother me much.
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changedI bought this primarily because it takes regular trash bags, we used it the way it's supposed to be used for the first couple of days but quickly discovered that as the pail gets full the dropping mechanism gets stuck forcing you to clean out the mechanism whenever it's time to change the pail, and it's one more thing to wipe down if a diaper gets too messy.
Now I lift the whole lid and toss the diaper in, this allows me to keep tabs on how full it's getting and squeeze in a few extra that the mechanism wouldn't have allowed... and still trap the smell!
She is stuck having to buy the special cartridges.
So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.
Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
With the Diaper Genie, you have to twist the darn thing and it's hard to operate.
When she's at my house, she can't go wrong, just flip the handle!
The Diaper Champ is hands down the winnerDiaper Champ is great.
But just to let you know that I've been breastfeeding and the poop doesn't stink as much as formula poop.
I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret itThis product isn't that bad... however it is not smell proof.
It is easier to use.
There were no smell problems AT ALL until about 18months - 2years old, well "hello - diet change produces stinkier diapers".
but still use it for wet diapers.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
BUT, my complaint is -- why couldn't they make it bigger?I've heard it's the biggest one you can buy, but I find it frustrating that my regular kitchen-sized garbage bags are only 2/3 full when the Diaper Champ requires us to remove the bag.
It's wasteful!
(I know the simple solution is to buy smaller bags, but I feel the product should accomodate the most common household garbage bag -- the "tall kitchen bags" -- and do it efficiently.
My little boy's room doesn't stink from dirty diapers.
I empty it once a week, when it is time for trash pick-up.
I highly recommend this product.
It is very easy to drop in your dirty diapersI've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).
The only times I have had a problem with odors is if too many diapers are stuffed into the pail.
In fact in one circle of friends the Diaper Genie was re-gifted about four times b/c they were simply trying to get rid of it.
I also did not like the idea of having to buy the special bags that the Diaper Genie requires.
I have NEVER experienced an odor problem.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
I usually change mine twice a week on garbage day.-You still have to clean the thing!!
I usually spray the inside w/ Lysol when I change the bag and/ or wipe it w/ antibacterial wipes.
On occasion I wipe it w/ cleaner just as I would clean by bathroom.-For those complaining about toddler diaper odors.
Toddlers eat solids, their poop smell very adult like!
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highlyWorks great!
We have been using it for 3 months and have had no problem with smells.
We liked the fact that you could use regular trash bags instead of special refillsWe've used this diaper pail for 16 months now and smell never escapes from it (except when we open it to change the bag).
We use plastic trash bags from Target, we pay I think $4 for 100 bags.
I could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this onei refused to buy the genie for the simple reason of i didnt want to be bothered with refills and i read that it clogged.
First we bought the Safety 1st Odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it.
My son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers.
The only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail.
I would not recommend buying that one.
My second child I didn't get any.
Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.
I did dump a little deoderizer tablet in it.
I did like that you can use any kind of bag with itI love the Diaper Champ...you don't have the need for expensive refills and there is very little odor.
The main odor is revealed when it is time to change the bag.
No complaints at all!
Very easy to use and seriously, you do not smell any poopy diapersWe bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the Diaper Genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags.
I haven't had a problem with the bag not being full enough.
For one, when the Champ is full the trash bag is a bit more then half full, but is also very heavy so you wouldn't want anymore diapers in there anyway.
The only problem I've found with it was when my sister-in-law put my 2 year old nieces diaper in there and the smell lingered a bit.
The first Diaper Champ that we bought had a piston that would not drop (the plastic joint did not meet and thus caught the piston on its way down).
It took two hands and a foot securing the bottom of the can to the floor to get the drum to turn.
This is not one handed operation as the box states.
After a third trip to the store we finally found a Diaper Champ that works.
And you do not even need to ask.
Yes, it was made in ChinaI highly recommend this product for several reasons:1) You do not have to buy bag refills.
We have never had a problem with the smell escaping.3) Easy to use.
You just put the diaper into the slot and turn the handle, the plunger pushes the diaper into the bagMy husband and I decided to get this one over the Diaper Genie because like most people, we didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
We went to Costco and bought a big thing of garbage bags to use that seems to be lasting us FOREVER.
Our daugher is now 4 months old, and we never had a problem with this.
No odor or anything.
One recommendation - get a can of Lysol and spray the diaper champ down when you change the bag.
Overall, I love this diaper pail and would buy it again in a hearbeatWe've been using the Diaper Champ for about 4 months now, and have had NO problems whatsoever!
We bought a box of Hefty Trash Bags with that odor patch to use in the Champ and we change the bag about 2-3 times a week, and we've have had no problems with smell.
Overall, I am very pleased with our purchaseMy biggest concern was would this truly control the odor and yes it did...dirty diapes and soaked diapers.....I only noticed an odor one time and that was because I did not close thelid when I changed out the bag.
No need for deodorizers.I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty...even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
Best of all, you can use any kind of bag, including reused plastic grocery bagsI had checked into all of the pails before I had my little girl.
you can use a standard trash bag and you don't have to spend the extra money for those refills.2.
I empty mine once a week on trash day and it is full.
However, there is never a smell eminating from my champ.3.
No stinky smells in my home.
Even though my daughter is only 2 months old, she has some of THE stinkiest diapers I have ever smelt!
But, there has never been any leakage of smell and it does not stink when I open it to change it.4.
Since those stinky diapers camp out in there for a week, it needs to be freshened up every now and then.Verdict:Get the champ....it will save you tons in the long runThis is one of the things I can't live without.
There are no bad smells until you open it.
Using regular garbage bags is a huge money saver and there is plenty of room for tons of diapers!
go to the dollar store and get some of those kitchen bags.
you put the diaper in the hold in the top, turn the handle, and pop.
it can hold quite a few.
we only need to change the bag once a week.
it really does hide the smell.
It is so easy to use - one handed diaper disposable with the quick flip handle and so easy to empty.
I only have to empty the bag once every 2 weeks (since most of the diaper changes happen downstairs).
But, even going that long, it does not smell.
Never an odor problem.
The biggest plus to this diaper pail is that you can use any plastic bag you want.
As far as some people saying it smells, I haven't had a problem.
Once a week I soak it with Lysol and water to keep germs away.
I highly recommed this product if you want a clean, simple, and convenient diaper pailthe diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
of course you have to clean the whole thing out from time to time (which should be expected considering the toxic waste it stores!
), but i never had any issues with smell, unless it was so full it had to be emptied anyway.
as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags.
no complaints from me on this diaper pailI love this product.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is b/c I use cloth diapers and diaper covers, and it doesn't have a whole lot of room for this type of diapers.
It lasts me about 2 days.... 3 if I really stretch it.It has no odor, other than when you open it, but that is inevitable.Infact, the Babies R Us in my area uses this product in their &quot;mother's room&quot;.
We use it for our dogs' poop bags, and line it with Ruffies scented trash bags (we use vanilla, they also have lavender, and they are cheap).
But when I had the chance to use this product at Babies R Us store, I was so impressed.
Too bad, the champ came late, or we should have gotten this insteadThis contains the smell and it uses regular bags which makes it the best product in its category.
It's so much easier just to throw the soiled diaper in a regular garbage bag and take the trash out often.
We take ours out daily - this product tends to make you lazy and by the time you fill it - YUCK!Save your money and just throw your diapers in the trashlove it because it uses the bags from the grocery store.
have to change regulary (2 times per week) when the baby gets on solids thoughI used to live in an apartment basement with NO WINDOWS and this 'stroke of genius' diaper champ did not smell at all!
Sounds gross I know but that's how awesome it really is!
Simply drop the diaper in the cubby on top and flip the handle!
The diaper falls into the belly of the champ and that's it!
I just didn't like the idea of a diaper disposal with blades in my nursery.
This is not a worry when it comes to the champ.
Takes regular garbage bags (saves money!).
Great capacity (empty it out once in 7 days or so).
Easy to clean - I wipe it down with Clorox wipes.What I didn't like: Not especially good-looking and at times the lid gets stuck in a certain position (could just be a problem with mine) hence the four stars.Would buy again though and do recommend it.
One suggestion to the manufacturer--the blue piece that holds the bag in place--perhaps the mouth of this could be made bigger so that an 8 gallon trash bag actually fills up completely before you need to take it out.
When he was three days old my husband took it back to the the store and announced that he was coming home with the Diaper Champ.
The fact that it uses regular garbage bags is a huge advantage and we have never had any problems with the smell.
.impressive considering some of the dirty diapers I have seen my son produce.
He is now six months old and the Champ works as well as it did when we purchased it.
Just flip the handle and the diapers fall through to the bag.
We love this product so much that when I see people at the store looking at the Diaper Genie vs. the Champ I will go up to them and tell them to select the Diaper ChampThis is a great pail.
We buy the generic tall kitchen bags.
We soon found that another benefit is that you only have to change the bag every 6 or 7 days!
I do admit, older children's diapers are a bit too stinky in the diaper champ, but I never said this product was a miracle worker.
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
I didn't have any problems with odors til my daughter got older than 12 months.
Once she started eating more "real" foods, her diapers became much smellier.
We empty it a little more frequently now than we used to because of her smellier diapers, but I think it's a great productI purchased this diaper pail after struggling for several months with the Diaper Genie.
The Diaper Champ was hands down the best diaper pail I used while my child was in diapers (I used three: Diaper Genie, Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and the Diaper Champ).
I didn't have to spend loads of money on the special Diaper Genie bags anymore, it had far superior odor control as compared to the Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and it's really easy to use - drop a diaper in, flip the handle over, done!
I actually developed pain in my elbow from all the twisting the Diaper Genie required as it wrapped each diaper into its little sausage-like casing.
You never have to change any cartridges and you can use an ordinary garbage bag.
I love it and we have never had any smell escape from itI love this diaper pail.
Yea, if you let poopy diapers sit in it for too long and don't change the bag on a regular basis it will start to stink but c'mon its a bucket full of poopy diapers.As you child grows, or if you have older children watch out.
The handle system fascinates little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears, which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keysEasy to use, easy to clean, cheaper to use, not bad-looking either.
Any plastic shopping bag will work in this diaper pail.
This is a specially designed garbage can to hold human feces.
Mine certainly isn't.
It is my fault, though.
If I emptied the bag more often, there would not be a stench.
But alas, I am lazy.
So when I do change the bag, I also spray some lysol.
I like it that you just have to flip the handle for the diaper to go bye bye.When I first got the product, I really hurt my finger trying to open the thing.
But that was my own fault.
I did not have it on the floor.
What a pain to have to remember to buy and then spend five bucks a pop on Genie bags.
Thanks, but no.All in all, I really like my Diaper Champ.
I clean it weekly and since my daughter is on formula now, I never put poop diapers in it and therefore it never smells bad.
My favorite thing is that you can use any plastic sack store bag.
My only complain is that the part that you hook the bags to doesn't connect to anything to hold it up when cleaningAfter reading all the reviews on-line for this product I chose to register for it, now that I am using it I am disappointed.
I'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.
Either way her room does have the smell of dirty diapers when you enter and the "Champ" is in the back corner of the room.
I guess I'm just grateful that the whole house doesn't smell as bad as her roomStay away from the other brands that require special refill bags.
What a waste of money!
I can't imagine why anyone would want to constantly buy expensive refills for a diaper pail, when a simple trash bag is all you need.As for the "smell" issue.
Let's face it - diapers stink.
I really think some people don't realize this.
When my mom used to change him, she'd dispose of the diaper in the diaper champ, but didn't change the pail.
After about a week she complained because it started to stink.
Now, mom's back on track and loving her Diaper Champ.As far as the odor issue goes, I have seen no difference in odor control between the Diaper Genie vs the Diaper Champ - both work pretty well to contain and control odor better than a regular trash barrel, but neither are odor proofOK - my husband used to leave restaraunts when a couple with a baby in a diaper came in, but he doesn't even mind emptying the Diaper Champ at all.
(I know that's mostly because he's responsibile for those diapers now, but it's still a great product!)
We have NEVER noticed a diaper odor anywhere, not even while replacing the bag.Every time one of my husband's friends' wives gets pregnant, my husband buys the guy the Diaper Champ, AND THEY ALL LOVE IT!We have much less diaper odor than my firends with same-age babies have with Diaper Genie.
Also, they say that when you change bags in Diaper Genie, the stench is unbearable.
There isn't a bag-changing smell with Diaper Champ, because the diapers do get some air when the top is flipped to add a diaper.
Aerobic decomposition smells better than anaerobic decomposition, and whatever is going on in there, you smell it when you change bags.We do empty it twice a week (it gets full that often, anyway).It did get stuck a couple of times when it was WAY TOO FULL.
Her daughter was nearly two years old by then, and the contents of her diapers are a lot different from the contents of an infant's diapersI was recommended this by a fellow mom before we had our daughter and purchased it from Baby's R Us.
We save $$ on those expensive diaper genie refills AND it works great.
We put wet diapers in a seperate trash can (because they don't smell) and so we only put dirty diapers in the Diaper Champ so we only have to change the bag once a week and IT DOES NOT SMELL!!
A few times I'd forget to change it (I change it, my husband takes it out to the trash) and if a FULL bag of stinky diapers is left for more than a few days, it does begin to smell, but ANY diaper pail would stink if it was full for more than a few days.
So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!
:-D I'd recommend this to anyoneThis product was silly to me until my husband insisted me to put on up on my baby registry.
I thought it would be silly to just throw away dirty diapers in there where I could just throw it in the trash can to save money.
Then again, it was very useful since I have it next to the changing table.
Two, no mess.
Three, its very easy to use (all you need is to roll the handle back to dump the diaper and there it goes with a section for your next diaper).
But now I'm saying it stinks.
It smells after about 3 months if you dont clean the champ itself.
It's good only for wet diapers not DIRTY DIAPERS!
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
I still think old fashion trash can with a lid do much better cause one you know its full, you will throw the trash away.
The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
I found that to be a joke since I got this as a gift for my shower (no receipt) and the repair would take six weeks (how I'll never know why).
Save yourself aggravation and make sure everything that goes down is bundled up neatlyMy main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the roadMy son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
Probably any diaper pail will do until your child is about six months old, and then none will work that great.
Our Diaper Champ has reached its limit, and we are going to buy another one.Why another Champ, when it still lets out smells?
All diaper pails smell!!
He changed his mind though after we put it into use and saw how well it worked!First, it really keeps the odor in.
Just to play it safe though, I make sure to empty it every day and a half to two days or so (you could probaby go longer), and I spray it with Lysol as well.
Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.
Its nice to be able to use regular garbage bags and not having to buy expensive diaper disposal system specific bags.No bad odors and not expensive to buy or maintain---I definitely recommend this productYou can't put poopie diapers in this pail, it doesn't hold the smell back at all.
I use it for the wet diapers and it's fine.
I use the scented bags for the poopie diapers and throw them away in my regular garabage that gets taken out every day.
Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
The big blue round part on the side broke off for some reason and it wouldn't go back on.
It serves it's purpose, but I'm not thrilled with itThis diaper pail is great and even better that you don't have to worry about running out of bags.
I have three complaints, the first is that you can only use about half the trash bag because of the way it dumps them in there which is kinda a waste.
The second is that it doesn't twist shut like the genie does so when you open up the pail you smell all the lovely smells.
The last is that it's top heavy when you open it up to put in the bag so you have to manuever it to put the bag in so it doesn't fall over but it can be done.
My baby is breast fed so the smell isn't as bad as formula fed babies but our room smells fresh and clean.
I like not having to buy expensive bags especially with all the other costs a baby brings, and it does keep the smell out which is what it's supposed to doWe are 1st time parents &amp; I read all the reviews on diaper-disposal products.
We are both clean-addicts &amp; love this product.
We empty it twice per week &amp; have NO ODOR problems!Update at 7mos(July04): We managed to get BabiesRUs to let us exchange the DiaperChamp for a DiaperGenie and we were equally dissapointed with it too.
Diaper Genie was no better - even with toddler-strength refills.
I have found it so much easier to use cheap ziplocks and throw diapers in regular trash that goes out each night anyway (both Diaper keepers required emptying every day &amp; would still smell).
I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
What sold me on it is that the Champ uses ordinary garbage bags, nothing proprietary.
If we changed it every couple of days, there would probably not be an issue.
When we smell something, we change the bag; problem solved.
My only *real* problem with it is that, now that my son is walking, he likes to put things into the hole and turn the handle to watch them disappear.
She constantly complained about it so I opted to try the Diaper Champ.
I don't know how some people can complain about smells coming from this thing...it's sealed up like Ft. Knox.
You never see the inside of the pail until you empty it.
The canister pushes the diaper into the trashbag, thus never allowing odors to escape through the pail.
I would have to say the only way you may have an odor problem is if you never empty itABSOLUTELY NO ODORS!!
I have a beagle who completely ignores the diaper champ, will eat out of every other garbage can in the house, but ignores the champ.
a bit of a struggle as diapers get bigger, but totally worth the money!!!
Don't waste your time or money on the other ones.
The Diaper Genie is way too complicated.
I shouldn't have to read directions on how to use it!
It certainly seems to contain the odors.
It's great that it uses regular garbage bags - no expensive refill bags to purchase.
The only small problem I've noticed is that it stops working before the pail is full because it stacks the diapers through a narrow hole.
Also, when it's time to change the bag, wear a nose plugDiaper Champ works well for me.
I am starting to notice an oder escape from the diaper pail but it's nothing that I cannot handle.
I just use that as a sign to empty it, spray with Lysol and replace the bagLove this product - no smell - easy to change the bags - I don't have any complaintsThis is a good product.
It allows for quick and easy disposal of diapers, wipes, etc.
Unlike other reviewers, I have not had any problems with it getting stuck.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
If you change the bag regularly, you should not have any problem with odorWe like it that this diaper pail uses regular garbage bags instead of specialty diaper pail inserts/liners.
The mechanism works well to dispose of the diapers and attempt to keep the smell isolated, but at a certain level of the room (usually nose-height when you're sitting on the floor) you can still smell poo.
It works well to bundle the diapers into compact little bundles and use the velcro to seal the bundles before you put it in the diaper hole.
Overall, we are very satisfiedI spent a lot of time researching diaper pails before I actually bought one.
I don't have any problems with oders (uless I'm changing out the bag) and I don't have to spend tons of money on the refill bags.
You will be suprised how many diapers you change and how quickly the cost of those refills add up!
First, I think that it could have been made a little larger so you wouldn't have to change the bags as often.
It probably happens to everyone at least once.
No smells, change it out once a week, easy to clean.
Then a diaper snagged this foam material in the head part, so I pulled the rest of the foam out.
Big mistake!!!
Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement.
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
It's much better than putting diapers in a downstairs trashcan.
The reviews were definitely rightIf you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
When it came down to it, I couldn't make myself spend the extra money for something that needed expensive refills.
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
Let's face it, babies are expensive and whenever you can save $ you should!!
!I buy a box of bags at Target that I use for the kitchen and the Diaper Champ and they cost less than ten dollars for over 100 bags.My only complaint is that it is hard to get the pail open at first to change the bags, but it gets easier over time as it loosens up and you get the hang of it!If I had it to do over again, I would still buy the Diaper Champ!
I think it is greatThis is a great product!
I gave it 4 stars only since 'once in a while' if the bag is very full, I may notice a slight smell.
No mess, no smell.
(It's only 100ft to the garbage shoot outside the apartment).
That opinion changed quickly after the first night I had to wake up to change diapers.It holds about 2 days of diapers so never get a chance to stink things up.
I opted not to because of the expensive refill bags.
I don't smell any odors unless I open the Champ up to change the bag....which is expected when you have a bag filled with wet and soiled diapers.
I don't know how it will perform when I switch my son to formula and when he starts solids, so I give the Champ 4 stars.
I'll probably just put the wet diapers in it and take the soiled ones out to the garbage can.
I would definately recommend this diaper pail to my friendsI had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
Not only can they be a pain to install, but who needs one extra thing to watch a supply of?
I mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula.
I couldn't picture myself yelling to hubby, "Honey, I know you have sixty other things to get...can you also pick up refills for the diaper pail?
We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
(every now and then I spray down the inside of the pail with Lysol)*easy one-hand use*impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers OUT of the pailEvery now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
You'll quickly see just how well it locks the odors inYes, it does develop a smell after a while.
However if you keep up with the maintance that problem is easily solved.Problem: SmellAnswer: Baking soda & regular maintanceThe great thing about the diaper champ is you can use regular bags, and it does keep the smell out.
After some time with the Diaper Genie there was no way to stop the odor.Another thing, when the Champ starts stinking it is usaully past time to empty it.
Empty the champ at least twice a week, if not more.
We keep an air purifier in front of the diaper champ and that solves any strong smells when we don't empty it out on a regular basis.If you don't want to spend the money on the diaper champ, try a regular diaper pail with a lid.
These are if you are looking for cheaper alternative.
It does it job and a lot better than the Diaper Genie or Diapre Dekor, no expensive refills.
The good thing about using grocery bags is you will be emptying the diaper champ on a dialy basis therefore elimating build up on odor.I have the older diaper champ and opening the lid to empty the pail was a bit of a hassle.
It is enough of a detterent.
You get the hang of itI admit when I was an expecting father one of my concerns was diaper changing, mostly because of the odors (anyone with me on this one?)
As much as the odors won't go away during changing time, they do -as a matter of fact- dissapear once you throw the dirty diaper in the Diaper Champ.
Put it in the top hole, roll the top with the handle, in the diaper goes and bye-bye to all odor!As if this were not already great, there's a big plus to this product, when you compare it to its biggest competitor, the Diaper Genie by Playtex.
(for diaper odors are over when the diaper goes in); and don't spend too much money to accomplish such a mundane task: make sure you get your Diaper ChampI LOOOVE this diaper pail!
after using the diaper genie for 2 months i decided i had enough with the refils and with how much of a pain it is to use.
No more refills, it uses the same bags as my kitchen garbage!
I only have to empty it like once a week as oppsed to every other day with the diaper genie.
I have a bunch of poopy diapers in mine and you cant even smell them!
And with the diaper genie i noticed that the smell would leak out a bit when you opened the top.
It is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!
I would definatly recommend this product to anyone looking to buy a diaper pailMy son is four months and this product is perfect.
Holds a decent amount of diapers, my husband empties it once a week.
No down side, all pluses here!
And when your child is out of diapers, you can use it as a regular trash can to put food or pet waste inI like the fact that you don't have to purchase brand-name insert for this product, but can use any garbage bag.
I have to say, though, that after my daughter started solids, the odor control has not been great unless the bag is changed frequentlyYou cannot imagine how much money you'll save and it doesn't smell AT ALL!!!
You can use any kitchen size garbage bags without a problem and use it for A WEEK without having to change the bag.
IT'S WONDERFULLI hate the Diaper Genie so I was excited to try this Diaper Champ out and I have to say I love it.
I hear so many people complaining about the smell and I have to say they're nuts!
His diapers have definately changed in odor but I have not noticed any odor coming from the Diaper Champ.Usually we change the bag about once a week, every garbage day so no dirty diapers are sitting in there for longer than a week.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
They've got to be doing something wrong.Oh and the unit does need to be cleaned...if you get a big blow out diaper like babies are known to do, and you get poop on the pail, it does need to be wiped off.
A good wiping out with some antibacterial wipe, every week or two doesn't hurt eitherI LOVE this product.
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
This is a must have for any new parentI love the fact that you don't need a specific bag, and a cheap garbage bag is enough.
I didn't realize I was buying a large one either, so even though it's far from full you have to take the gab out.
But it's just the nature of garbageIt holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
The only time I've ever noticed a smell is when you leave the poopy diapers in the pail too long.Love itI LOVE THIS PRODUCT!
I am very impressed with how easy it is to change the bag and I have not had any problems with smells.
It holds a ton of daipers, and the smell is not bad at all.
I did notice now that my daughter is 15 months her poop is stonger and i dont put those in there, due to the smell.
But diapers with pee only do not smell at all.
The only bad thing is you need to ensure you dont get #2 on the shute or if you do it will stick there.
We empty it out about 2 times per week and only when we open the lid to take the trash bag out do we smell anything.
Once it's sealed shut, no stench whatsoever.
No complaints about the Diaper Champ, especially since it is so easy on the pocket-book compared to the rest of the diaper pails out thereThe Diaper Champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!
The design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the Diaper Champ until the bag needs to be changed.
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY ITI love this product.
You can use any regular trash bag.
So far we have noticed NO odors.
It fills up somewhat quickly, but you can make it last longer by wrapping diapers tightly before placing in the champ.
We hated that thing!
The "new" design still needs lots of improvement!
And after about two months it just sat there in the corner of her room and was never used.As she entered into toddlerhood we started having some bad diapers just becasue of her cutting teeth and diet changes.
We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
There is also no trick to it.
Just flip the handle and the diaper is gone!Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
I really appeciate all of these things after dealing with the other brands.
However...the thing REALLY stinks!!
However, the handle broke on it just 2 weeks ago.
I thought..."Maybe I could try the Diaper Champ since I won't have to purchase any liners"...Well that was a HUGE mistake!!
My daughter is 14 months old & because she is older, I guess her diapers come with more odor!
After literally only a few diapers, her entire room smelled of poop!
In one week, I changed the garbage bag at least 4 times.
Is that really saving money??
I don't think so!
Plus her room really smelled bad.
It was such a pain to use.
The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor spaceThis is a great pail except for the heavy lid.
Be careful when changing the bag so it doesn't come down on your hand.
The seal did come out, but it does not affect the odor.
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
I wish it was a little bigger.I do recommend this pailAt first me and my husband didnt know if we really wanted to get diaper pails for our twins.
A garbage can would do just as well.
You dont have to push the dirty diaper down with your hand you just lay it in the champ and turn the handle over.
At 6 months old yes the diapers are starting to get bigger but you just fold them with the velco of the diapers and its so easy.
Ive had no problems of getting them stuck.
We take the dirty diaper out every 4-5 days depends on how many we go through in a weeks time :), but even when their is a "dirty" diaper there is no smell in the room.
Sometimes if we have a very "messy diaper" we just take it directly to the garage.
All around we have had NO problems and neither has grapa and grama.
We also spray it with cleaner weekly to help with those nasty germs!
All around its a great product.
It really is hands free, which means less mess, and their is no costly replacement bags that you have to mess around withWe got this and the Diaper Decor Plus as gifts and I have to say that the Champ is not my favorite.
I like that you can use your own garbage bags with the Champ, but that's the only positive in my opinion.
I find it pretty hard to open it without breaking a nail and it does get fill up much more quickly than the Decor.
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
Only problem...it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the messThis is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills!!!
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
I do put really dirty diapers into a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail, to reduce the chance of nasty seepage and rub-off onto the chamber as the diaper is moved into the bottom.
It is not difficult to open, and the fact that it has a good clasp offers a sense of security for when our little girl starts pulling herself up on things, which will be soon (she's 8 months old).
We change the bag a couple of times a week, and the nursery smells fineI love the Diaper Champ!
Also, be sure the tabs on soiled diapers are secured to the diaper or they will get stuck up under the cylinder on the way downI would definitely recommend choosing the Diaper Champ over the Diaper Genie, since you can use regular kitchen trash bags instead of expensive Genie refills.
Definitely reduces the odor (just be prepared for the awful smell when you open the top to change the bag!!!)
Love itThe champ is great because you don't have to waste anymore money buying expensive refills like the diaper genie.
I did have some problems with the odor, but I think anything you put poop in and let sit for days will have odor so that's inevitable!
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
If you're like me, you probably have tons of grocery bags laying around.
Keep a few handy in the nursery and use them to bag the poopy diapers.
It's large enough to hold many diapers, and it really does keep our nursery odor-free.
I really like that we don't need to purchase expensive bags to use with it.
We just use regular kitchen garbage bags.
While other diaper pails require the use of thier own bags this pail uses any bag...including old shopping bags.
This save alot of money.
It is a life saver to just throw in a kitchen garbage bag.
We ended up receiving ours as a hand-me-down, and I was worried that it would smell.
Surprisingly enough - it only starts to smell when it's time to change the bag.
And sure enough, the lid would start "sticking" right about that time, which told me that the bag was full and it was time to change it (instead of struggling to stuff another couple diapers in).
Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.
Just keep some Lysol wipes by the changing table, and wipe it down if you get anything anywhere.
For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.
Once in a great while it will stink a bit but only when I used too big of a bag and have a LOT of diapers in there.
Great buyThe flip action is so easy to use that even your toddler (or your foot) can do it to make diapers and smell disapper.
(Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
)And practically speaking, stratch another item off that long baby shopping list--with this you can forget the diaper pail refills and just use the good old kitchen garbage bags that are sitting under your sinkI thought the idea of keeping dirty diapers in the house was just gross, so I decided to make 20 trips a day to the trash.
Boy, was I misguided in my thinking,because this diaper champ is a Godsend!
You really do not smell a thing!
I heard the diaper genie was a huge mess, so I did not even attempt to buy it.
Get this and limit those trips out to the trashIt does contain most of the odors but not all.
It will save you money on refills so that's a plusThis product is wonderful!
My only complaint is that it could be a little bigger to hold a bit more.
It keeps the smell OUT completely!
There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
The problem is if the diaper bag gets too full it makes it really hard to pull out the diapers.Pros:- cheaper than alternatives- worked great the first 6 months- was able to use normal garbage bagsCons:- smells after 6 months- bad tapered design makes it hard to remove diapersAfter reading the glowing reviews here and receiving a positive one from a friend, we decided to replace a broken Diaper Genie (lid broke off) with the Champ.
What a disappointment!
Putting diapers and messy wipes into the slot and dumping them in the bucket leaves the slot a germy mess.
Having to clean the slot each and every time is just unrealistic and too much work!
And I fear our toddler getting anywhere near the thing because of the germs.2.
The smell.
It's probably not as bad with an infant, but let me tell you, opening the lid to empty toddler diapers is one frightening experience!
Yikes, what a smell after just a couple days.
Since nothing seals off the individual diapers, it's just a sea of messy diapers in there.
But I'm not sure how this product is any better than just using a garbage can with a lid.When our second child arrives next year, we'll be going back to the Diaper Genie.
It's not perfect, but it's much cleaner and there's less odor involved (the reason to get one of these products in the first place).
I decided to go with the Diaper Champ instead, because you can use regular trash bags with it (much less expensive than the Genie refills).I had no complaints, until it got really warm in my daughter's room and then the smell appeared.
Baby is breast-fed too.
I can only imagine how bad the smell will be, once we start her on solids.
Ick.I'm wondering if fighting with the Genie and buying refills is a better option for us, as we don't have air-conditioning and it will get warm in the room this summer!I will say this though, other reviewers have complained that the bag is not completely full when the Champ seems to need a change, but I find this convenient, as I don't have to drag out an extremely heavy bagI love this product!
With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands requireI registered for this diaper pail as opposed to a Diaper Genie because I didn't want to have to purchase refills.
It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
The only time smell escapes from it is then you open it to take out the bag.
That will save you a bundle of money alone!
I wish it would hold more diapers but I really can't complain.
Don't buy anything elseI have never bought any other diaper pail, so I am not sure how it stacks up, but the Diaper Champ has proven to be a good product!
I use odor-reducing trash bags & the smell is very minimal.
One little downfall is that it seems to fill up fast (by 3 days!
)which makes it hard to turn the cover.
The one thing that sets this product apart from the diaper genie is that this product can use regular garbage bags...ANY Garbage bags will fit.
The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend...This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers....FANTASTICWe've used this Diaper Champ for the past 8 months and it's worked great.
Just a spray of Lysol in between bag changes and everything smells rosy!
I figured I'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills.
My son's room smelled very badly, even when I changed the pail every day.Changing the Diaper Champ really isn't a pleasant experience.
Save your money and buy something other than the Diaper Champ the first time aroundI decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
You use any type of bag you want, and I love this idea.
The refills for all the others are so spendy and they don't hold that many diapers.
I'd rather buy cheap 13 gallon garbage bags from wal-mart or use one of the gazillion plastic grocery bags we already have in a cupboard at home.
It also keeps the smell away perfectly fine-until you open it of course to take the bag out to the garbage can!
It's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well.
We have two of them since we mostly use cloth, but occasionally need to use a disposable.
It's great, and very easy to use, but you do have to empty it a couple of times a week or you will get a little stink from all the rotting diapers.
In concept, it's a fabulous idea.
I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor...I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.
If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper GenieMy husband and I hated this diaper pail from the day we first began using it.
The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
It is no fun pulling apart a diaper pail at 2:00 in the morning because the handle won't go down due to a diaper that is stuck in it.
Plus, I think it is unsanitary.
The diapers are placed in a plastic hole at the top of the pail, and then they drop through to the bag.
Well, messy diapers sometimes left a bit of a mess in the opening area, and it was not easy to clean.
Finally, after two months of dealing with this pail, one morning, I flipped the handle, and the cylinder fell right into the bottom of the pail.
I think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.
I do not recommend this productWe have purchased this diaper pail four years ago [I was so disgusted with Diaper Genie we had at the time (not just wasting the money on the refills, but also the smell and having to push & twist was more than I wanted to deal with)].Diaper Champ was so much easier to operate!
When my daughter turned one, she started disposing of her diapers herself and she never failed!We used regular grocery bags and changed them twice a week to avoid them getting too full and/or smelly.
[We've discovered that regular shopping bags from Target are larger and sturdier than your average grocery bag and we're now using them with daughter #2, replacing them once a week].
It's virtually indestructible, easy to wash and operate, doesn't cost you any more money than you initially pay for it, and it DOES NOT SMELL!I would highly recommend this product to anyoneI chose to register for the Diaper Champ for convenience.
You can use a plain ole garbage bag instead of purchasing something separate.
What busy mom has time to run out to get special bags?
In 5 months I've had one instance of a terrible smell and it was just a really bad diaper - we all know those.
We can use our regular garbage bags so the cost is very minimal and we don't have to worry about going out and buying those special bags like for the Diaper Genie.We use cloth diapers and it works really well for that.
We change the bag almost daily, as we have two in diapers and cloth diapers are bulkier.
When it gets hard to turn, it is time to change the bag!The Diaper champ really minimizes the odor and is very easy to clean up, we just wipe it with a soapy cloth and sometimes spray a little disinfectant to help with the smell.This is great and I would recommend it for everyoneI like the Diaper Champ because it doesn't use specific bags.
I have to frequently push down the center to get it to rotate, much before it needs to be changedLove the Diaper Champ.
That's way too much of a headache and expense that I don't need.
It took me a few minutes to learn how to change the bag, but that, too, is easy once you figure it out.
We haven't had a problem at all with the smell, but we do wipe it out with Clorox wipes every so often just to make sure.
Who wants to spend money all the time for "fancy" trash bags.
Buy the diaper champ and save the money for something fun for babyPRO'S1.
Doesn't take up too much space2.
There is a slight smell when my son delivers a REALLY stinky muddy diaper.
(other than that there is no smell.
I just throw the "bombers" in the trash outside.FYI1.
Don't let it get too full, otherwise it is hard to pull the trash bags out to empty.
you don't want to waste any time getting the full bag out of the house.UPDATE: Our son is now 9.5 months old and it just stinks.
No matter if there is a diaper in there or not.
It is going out I am sad to say.
But we did get several smell free months out of it.
As other reviews say the smell isnt that great when it gets full but its not that bad (I see it as a hint the bag is full and its time to change).
I also spray the inside w/ febreeze or lysol disinfectant during each change and that nips the problem in the bud.
Overall, Its one of those things that I cant live without but didnt know it until I got itWe got this for our newborn, and within the first two weeks of use, the liner (that I assume is supposed to keep odor in) fell out because it got caught on one of the stickies on the diaper.
Remember this thing contains poop, so if it is not changed often, it will smellThe best thing about this product is you don't have to purchase their bags.
Too costly and not efficient if you ask me!THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.For those who are experiencing odor problems, here are some suggestions which should solve the problem:1.
I change mine about 1 or 2 times a week.
For those who complain that the pail gets stuck, that is probably a good indication that the BAG IS GETTING TOO FULL!!
Hello, it does house dirty diapers!!
All I do is wipe it down with some antibacterial wipes (takes about 10 seconds!!)
and then maybe spray some Lysol in it and let it air out for a minute or two.
SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind:AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!)
AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!In talking with other parents, I get the same feedback - as babies get older and become toddlers, ALL DIAPER PAILS become gradually less and less effective until they are just no longer useful.
I was hesitant to buy too since the "sheet" is expensive and hardly a "sheet" at all.
It does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; I've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage.
Here's what I don't like: the snaps are not a great fit for my crib and sometimes come undone; one snap stopped working altogether; and the sheet wrinkles and is difficult to smooth out.All in all, the good outweighs the bad.
The sheet is particularly handy for newborns who might leak during the night, requiring sheet changes when you're half asleep.
Otherwise, I use regular sheets.
Put it on your registryIt's kind of weird to be putting a cover over your crib sheet (and never having to change the crib sheet), but these were a lifesaver after my daughter started leaking poop like crazy overnight.
It's not super fast to unsnap and snap on, but better than replacing the crib sheet (esp given I have a mobile that gets in the way of taking the mattress out).I have 3 of these so I don't have to immediately wash the dirty one.Only con is that the material seems a little rough.
It takes a long time to hang dry.
If it were less expensive, I'd get a few more.
I have two Ultimate Crib Sheets, and when my 6 month old has diaper leaks or blowouts while sleeping, I can easily switch to the new ultimate sheet.
They are machine washable and dryer safe, which I LOVE, considering I am doing baby laundry multiple times a week.
It takes me much less time to switch these out than to change the whole sheet.
They fit flat on top of a regular crib-size mattress.Material: The top side is a breathable, soft cotton layer.
The bottom side has a soft, waterproof plastic feelI found the ultimate crib sheet to be much more trouble than it's worth.
I just have to lift the mattress, and it takes two seconds.
If you have a coil mattress and keep the crib in the center of the room, then by all means, try the ultimate crib sheetWas really, really excited to get these, then read what it is made out of, the very bottom layer is PVC.
Now why would I want my newborn daughter to sleep on this and breathe it in?
Its practical and good for the money paid, recommendedMy mom said to get enough crib sheets because it was something you had to change constantly....
I now have a drawer full of crib sheets that have never been used!
I'm a tad hesitant because they don't fit very well on our convertable crib.
They do give instuctions, saying to just use a slate next to the thickers corner one(for convertable cribs), but I find it fits very awkwardly.
However taking the whole crib apart(with the bumper being a huge deal, also to get on, considering the thick corner posts), it makes me want to cry to think I'd have to do this very often.
I may end up doing the zip on sheet set, which would work with any crib, and seems like a dream.
I just didn't want to invest in that, if I could get away with these.
You just unsnap and you have a clean surface ready to go.
It's a pain to change the sheet each time now, but don't want my baby sleeping on a rough sheetThese should be in everyone's registry.
Just unsnap, throw in the washer and go back to bed!Soft, waterproof, love theseReally they should hand these out at the hospital.
The snaps are so much easier to deal with and the sheet is super absorbent.
We have two so if there is an accident - one gets replaced while the dirty one is washedThese sheets have survived numerous washes without fail.
We keep one on the crib (or folded over in the pack n play) at all times.
They've saved us many nights of wrestling to change sheets, we just change theseI really wish that I had this when my son was a newborn and all those midnight crib cya gongs could have been avoided.
This is a really great and easy to use product.
Make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings.
This came in very handy when our 18 month old went through potty training and just for any other leakages or accidents that kids sometimes have.My only complaint was that when we washed these in the wash, some of the snaps would break off.
I don't have to mess with the fitted sheet and trying to get it off of the mattress which is so hard since they are so tightly fitted against the crib.
You can use it anywhereI really like this sheet!
Especially great for those nighttime leaks when you just need to change baby and the sheet and get back to bedI thoroughly enjoy this product.
At 3am, I love not having to wrestle with the crib mattressI recently attended a baby shower and gave this as a gift.
Since then she has given birth and this sheet has been working well for her.
I now call it a "disposable sheet" and would rate it only 3 stars if I was allowed to change the rating.My previous review:This sheet is a fantastic idea.
Imagine waking up to feed your baby only to have them spit up and/or poop/pee on the bed sheet.
Then you put another one on...the whole process will take you less than 5 minutes.
Just snap one off and snap another one on- so convenient, especially for those middle of the night changes!
A couple of my snaps have fallen off over time, but it's no big deal, and the sheet will still work- I highly recommed this sheet to anyone who has a babyThe concept of this product is good, but I found the snaps extremely difficult to snap and unsnap (maybe they get easier with a little wear, but I haven't used it enough to see).
I would only use this product if you have a mattress/crib set that have a fit making it extremely difficult to get the mattress out.
Seems like most crib mattresses slide out pretty easily, making this product pretty unnecessaryI registered for the Ultimate Crib Sheet after reading reviews in books and online.
It snaps securely in place and can be changed in seconds!
I keep the regular crib sheet on the mattress for looks only (matches bumper and skirt) - baby never actually comes in contact with it.
Get two or three Ultimate Crib Sheets for easy changes - SO much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.
This product makes cleaning up so easy!
I bought one regular sheet to cover the mattress, and I've never taken it off.
I can't imagine how much of a pain it would be to have to lift the crib mattress up to change sheets...this is just SO EASY snap, snap, snap and you're done!I never dry mine in the dryer.
I hang it on a drying rack and it's usually dry after a few hours.
I want mine to last, and using the dryer tends to wear them out.
It's so easy to just snap on and not fuss with anything else.
I highly recommend these sheetsThe cons?Every time I have to deal with this sheet, I swear that I hate it with every fiber of my being.
It is not intuitive at all to snap on:1) The snap bands aren't placed equidistant so you just have to guess at where they should go.2) In order to snap the opposite side you have to lean over and INTO the crib (or you have to pull it away from the wall)...3) All while trying to stick your fingers through the slats to pull the bands through and snap them.4) Once I had the bands hooked where it seemed they should...I got to the opposite end and there was NO WAY the bands were hooking--it was a few inches too short!
GRRRRRRR!At that point, sweaty and frustrated, I gave up and threw the damn thing at my husband and told him to do it.
There has to be another solution that doesn't cause me mental anguish trying to put it on (although, honestly, sheets of any kind are a PITA).
So I give it three stars, but with a warning that it's a pain to put onat the head and foot of the sheet there are snaps that can come completely off.one elastic strap end snaps to the sheet then wraps around the crib rail and snaps back onto the sheet.
if you undo both snaps you are left with a loose elastic band.
baby could choke on it if you ask me.
i liked the product for its ease of use.. but once i noticed the straps could snap completely off.. i stopped using itWe have something similar to this leftover from when my daughter was a baby and I wanted another, I wasn't ablt to find exactly the same pad but this is doing the jobWhen your little one spits up, vomits, or leaks in the middle of the night, this is a LIFESAVER!
Ok, I am exaggerating, but it sure beats getting the mattress out, taking off the fitted sheet, and then putting another on.
Just snap the buttons off, throw it in the washer, and put your little one back in the crib.
I have never had a problem with it shrinking but then I've never thrown it in the washI love this sheet!
I have 4 of them (2 for each child).
This is one a the gifts that I give at all baby showers because I think no Mom should be without at least 2 of these (you need a spareThis is such a helpful product that helps keep the baby's sheets protected.
I love how it has saved me from changing the entire crib sheets off of the mattress.
It's saved me money since it protected the crib sheet so well that I haven't bought any new crib sheet.
The elastic snaps definitely serve a purpose for safety so I use them but they are a little tiresome.
If there were a better, yet safe, alternative for the snaps I would have given this product 5 stars.
It was given as a gift & I put one more on my registry after realizing I had to take the whole crib ensemble apart to change the sheet!
Now I change the sheet only occasionally & it is more for asthetics.
Save money on sheets & just get one or two decorative sheets & get at least 2 of these!!
!Update at 7 mos (July04): I have survived VERY WELL with 2 of the Ultimate Crib Sheets - and boy when they start slithering around the crib & wetting through diapers & spitting up solids - you will be SO thankful to have this little dandy item!
I am glad we only have one of these!The Ultimate Crib Sheet that we have is the style with elastic straps on each corner, one fully-removable elastic strap in the center of the short end, and two straps on each long end.
We have a Pali Wendy 4-in-1 Convertible Crib and the corner posts are quite thick, to the point where the elastic straps are not long enough to easily go around the corners.
Instead on one end of the crib we have to resort to wrapping the straps around the crib slats adjacent to the corner posts and that means there's slightly less than full coverage of the sheet underneath.
It would be easy for Summer Infant to make this sheet more adaptable to current crib styles by making the length of the corner straps longer or using multiple snap sockets to make the strap length adjustable.
This sheet fits better on a standard/traditional crib with thinner diameter corner posts.I also question the real value of this for older babies who move around in their cribs.
We have the crib bumper on now despite not having used it between 1-8 months of age because she is a real mover and likes to stay on the perimeter of her crib to sleep - she was sticking limbs out between crib slats and woke up crying as a result.
On the handful of occasions where she's thrown up in her crib (always when she's come down with an upper respiratory bug), she's inevitably hosed the bumper as well.
In those cases we have to just strip the whole crib anyways so the Ultimate Crib Sheet is of little real utility for us.I could see this being a big time saver for parents with traditional cribs or those with babies/toddlers who often have various "accidents" in their cribs and need to frequently change a crib sheet on the fly.
My daughter doesn't pee through her diaper so I haven't used it for liquid leaks.
(unless you put them to sleep without a diaper on!)
I find all the snaps to be a pain in the butt.
If I could do over I wouldn't buy this VERY EXPENSIVE crib sheet.
I'd just get multiple regular crib sheetsThe reviews that say this product is soft are all pretty old (2002-2004 isn).
Recent reviews all agree that the product is not soft.
Somewhere down the line they must have tried to save some money and made this product.
As far as protecting the sheet it probably does what is says...but I'll never know since I'm returning itThis is the BEST crib sheet out there!
After receiving one as a gift I immediately tried putting it in the crib.
For those of you that have Italian made cribs (I have a Baby Italia), this sheet may not work for you either.
You may find that you'll have to try another brandI bought three of these before my son was born and it was money well spent - we bought one cute sheet that goes with his bedding that we leave on and change the ultimate crib sheet as needed.
Believe me, when your little one spits up in the middle of the night and you need to change the sheet, you will be so thankfull you just have to unsnap and put a fresh one on.
Changing crib sheets with a bumber in place is a major pain!
These are super soft, hold up to repeated washing, stay in place and absorb the mess away from your baby.
You don't have to take off the crib bumper and lift the mattress to take off this crib sheet.
I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's annoying to have to snap all of the straps prior to washing it and also because there is some shrinking that occurs after it's washed (Make sure you put it on the low setting in your dryer).
Also, they are expensive.
It is very waterproof!
If he was laying on his back, his chest would be cool, but his back would be hot and sticky.
Or if laying on his stomach, his front would be sweaty, but his back cool.
Changing a fitted mattress sheet is a giant pain in the butt.
It was slightly more expensive, but it was worth it.
No man-made plastics or vinyl that you have to worry about weird off-gassing chemicals.
My baby stays dry and comfortableOur crib does not have slats at the head and foot, so we can only use 8 of the snap straps ... after only two washings, the sheet is curling up at the ends and will not lay flat.
I also didn't like the idea of this being on top of the mattress and crib sheets.
At first I thought this product was clever, but once I got it I realized how useless it was.
The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the snaps don't fit exactly around my crib rungs so it's a little wrinkled and off center, but my baby doesn't seem to mindSo easy to use, it's the only one I ever usedMy daughter is 5 months old and has never leaked at night so it hasn't been necessary.
So not sure if I would spend the money again knowing this.
However, we use this when we let her air dry, and it definitely does workYes i have pretty sheets on the crib......but who wants to wash them every time there is a mess.
Well this is the answer!
So much easier (since they snap around the crib slats) to get on and off!
What else should i say!
Some of the elastic snaps could not stretch far enough to snap closed, so they just hung thee.
Actual crib sheets are much nicer to look at tooThis is a great product!
When your little one leaks in the night, just unsnap and toss the dirty one aside, and you'll have a clean one underneath.
Never once did I have any of the permanent snaps fall (there are two completely detachable snaps on the ends that I don't even use).
I have a standard 28x52 crib and this was too big for it--it bunched and wouldn't lay flat.
Also the snaps didn't match up well w/ my cribs slats and even if they did they were too long to actually be safe and secure.
This mattress pad/sheet creates an unsafe environment.
My daughter slept w/ us or a bassinet until she was 3 months old and by then the diaper leaks and constant spit up were behind us so I don't have to change her ordinary crib sheet that often anywayA must have with babies.
Buy at least two of these.
Remove the elastic tabs and put it on the livingroom floor for baby to play or sleepI thought I would love this to help do quick crib changes for when a child is sick, or has an accident/leak... however it is really annoying for me to weave the elastic around the crib slats to fasten the buttons-- really doesnt save time, and since our mattress cover is waterproof I dont really need another waterproof layerI ordered two pack.
However, by the time that he was 6 months old, all of my ultimate crib sheets had developed holes and cracks in the plastic backs.
It is much easier for those middle of the night diaper mishaps, to just go in and unsnap the top sheet and put baby back to bed.
I have washed and dried the sheet and had no problems what-so-everThis is supposed to save time instead of changing out the sheet, but I found it took just as long to change this as it does to change the actual sheet.
You have to reach all around the crib to do (or undo) all the snaps, which is aggravating and somewhat difficult depending on the placement of your crib.
Compared to just lifting up the mattress and quickly pulling off the sheet and putting a new one on, I think this might actually take longerYes, scratchy!
It feels like very cheap, low thread count material, not nearly as soft as most bedsheets.
When my daugher used this sheet, she had a skin rash and started getting a bold spot on the back of her head.
It's possible, of course, that these were unrelated to the sheet.
The elastic bands connecting the sheet to the crib also make me nervous.
Could an older baby pinch or strangle herself in these?My daughter is now six months, and rolls around her crib.
This product is AMAZINGLY easy to use.
Snap, snap--that's it.
There is no lifting the mattress.
To make matters worse, I caught it and was too light-headed to lift a 20lb crib mattress.
This sheet was perfectI have never changed the sheet on my daughter's crib.
In general, they're easier to change than regular crib sheets.
Just fold the sheet up to contain the mess, take it to the laundry room, snap the new one on, and you're good to go.I've read reviews that said they didn't like this sheet, but I love it.
I don't hate them, but I don't like them and will never purchase them again.
The idea is wonderful, but parts of the product are too cheaply made.
Within the first washing, some of the snaps were pulled off the sheet (with following the directions to re-snap the sheet before washing).
That was disappointing.
I bought mine through Babies R Us instead of Amazon but wanted to contribute a review regarding the product because I shop through Amazon much more often.
I wish I had been better informed, I would have gotten the quick zip sheets instead.
The attachments for the snaps are not well made and I would not recommend this product to new moms.
This sheet also does not retain warmth well - even after throwing in the dryer and then putting on crib, it cools quickly and remains cool which may be nice in the summer but not during a winter in South Dakota...One more additional note, it does take a very long time for these sheets to dry - an extra dry cycle in the dryer.
Not handy or helpfulI played the game of frustration everytime I had to change a crib sheet......which became much more often after more blow outs and spitting up began!
Changing sheets is a breeze!
They stay one very well too.
I liked it so much I ordered another to have as back up.
Highly recommended if you are done lifting that dang mattress upI was able to find the original sheet at a local store, but paid more for it than on Amazon.
I thought I would receive the same sheet - but instead received the new design.
It bunches up and doesn't snap at the ends like the original.
Not sure why they went to a poorer design but I wouldn't buy another one unless they added the end snapsThese only work if you crib slats are a certain size.
Our slats are too wide and the sheet would not snap around them.
We had to jerryrig the crib by adding plastic hooks that the snaps could fit around.
I dont' have to keep washing the crib sheet.
You will never go back!!
Best gift for a mom to be, well besides a prenatal massageThe Summer Infant Ultimate Crib Sheet is a very useful product.
It protects the sheet, eliminating the need to change the crib sheet if there is diaper leakage or spitting up.
It goes on and off in seconds - so helpful to a Mom, especially in the middle of the night.
It's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier.
He occasionally has a diaper leak.
When he does, I simply unsnap the ultimate crib sheet (there are roughly 10 snaps to keep it in place) and let him sleep the rest of the night on his regular sheet.
They have made nights when the baby got sick so much easier!
In hindsight, wish I'd had several of these on my registryThis product was pitched to me as a "must have" by all my mommy friends.
It has been good for us in terms of middle of the night accidents (so we don't have to put a whole new crib sheet on), but there is one major issue with it.
The straps don't line up properly with our crib rails, so it can never be totally attached to the crib.
We do not believe this is an issue with our crib as it is a brand new, high quality one.
We finally gave up the idea of strapping the Ultimate Crib Sheet down and now just put it under the regular crib sheet.
It's a good idea, but needs to be redesigned to fit current crib railings.
I wouldn't purchase this product again or recommend it to a friendI tried this out on my baby's standard size crib, and it fit horribly.
The little loops that hold it down, don't seem safe at all!!!
I don't know how they're allowed to sell these.
They seem like a major safety hazard to me!!!
Total waste of moneySeems to fit just fine except that the corner snaps could be longer.
The straps are just not long enough to effectively go around all 4 corners.
So the sheet is offset by a couple inches but doesn't appear to have enough slack to become a safety issue.
We'll probably be buying a few more to allow for more time between laundry runsI bought these because a good friend recommended them.
It saves me from having to change the crib sheet.
He is 3.5 years old and we are trying to potty train him through the night.
The only reason I took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first.
But it makes you sweaty when you sleep on itI like the idea of this product but it wasn't as much of a help as I thought it would be.
I was constantly changing sheets and was tired of it, that is when I found this.
It does exactly what it is supposed to do, without problems of any kind.
The annoying part is that the top of the pad won't stay put.
I wish I had waited and purchased the Brolly sheet instead of buying this one...even with the cheap priceIf your child moves around in the bed and you don't have this positioned exactly where they are they will miss.
I would look for something bigger and something that fits the entire bed, not just a small section.
This has saved us a lot of sheet washing.
Considering the disposable pads run about $1 a piece, this quickly paid for itself.
My 4-year old has slept in a full-size bed since he turned 2.
These pads really work (no leaks!
The reason that I own 5 of these is that, if you truly want "full" coverage on the bed for a child that rolls all over while sleeping, you need to use 2 with some slight overlap (so, 2 to use and 2 for back-up).
I think this is a "must have" product for parents of toddlers that don't want to be constantly changing bed sheets or trying to "wash" a children's sofa that really isn't meant to be washed.
The Handy's Plus Pad is basically the Ultimate Crib Sheet with side flaps and without the snaps.
In fact, the pad portion of the Handy's Plus Pad - Full size is almost the same size as the Ultimate Crib SheetI got this because it used regular trash bags and you don't have to worry about a huge long twisted snaky thing unraveling when you take it to the trash.
I do use those cheap Bowl Fresh toilet deodorizers instead of ordering the disks.
I clip the hanger off and break it in half (while it's still in the plastic) and add half or both, just depends.
The deodorizers last about 1-2 months and it's cheap!
I empty it about every 3 days and spray it down w/ Lysol before adding another bag.
It doesn't TOTALLY eliminate the smell and the bags are hard to change.
I don't even try any more to 'twist' the bag, I just take the lid off.
If this is all you can afford, it's not that badExcuse me,...but this product is so far from being odorless.
At first, it was (maybe a little less than a month), odorless then after that,...there was nothing to get rid of the scent.
That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail.
My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which I found wasn't exactly true either).
Now that we are expecting baby #2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one.
My advice: Don't waste your money.
Really, diapers will stink no matter what pail you use....
We change out the bag twice a week.
You save a lot of money if you get sheap bags at Dollar Tree or Big Lots (works out to about 10-cents a bag).
It does get stinky sometimes, but all garbage pails do and every child has an extra stinky diaper occasionally.
Roll with it and save money when and where you canI've been using this pail for 2 months with my breastfed baby.
It contains all of the odor from his moderatly stinky diapers.
It doesn't work exactly like it's supposed to, the blue dome is supposed to push the diaper into the pail but the diaper usually gets stuck and I have to push it through but that's no big deal.
When I'm changing the garbage bag the lid won't stay open and it falls hitting my hands, it's really annoyingInitially my husband and I decided not to purchase a diaper pail because we wondered what was the point, diapers stink and no matter how much money one spends on a diaper pail it's going to emit odors and smell bad.
Then, when we were changing diapers ten times a day we decided it would probably be easier to have one, especially for the middle of the night diaper changes.
We took that advice and selected the Safety 1st diaper pail and we are pleased with the product.
We empty it as needed, usually once a week, and realize it's a diaper pail - just as our garbage pail in the Kitchen needs to be emptied daily someday so will the diaper pail.
Holds approximately 8 soiled briefs with virtually no smell emitted (except when adding more to pail).
As if anything can disguise the odor of a poopy diaper.
I think that a diaper pail is a must in the nursery.
There are just too many diapers to not have one and an open garbage can or even a regular one is just too stinky.
It can be a bit of a hassle to empty and reload, but it only needs changing about every two days and since it fits regular kitchen bags, it is worth the money.
It isn't very expensive to begin withWhat a waste of money and more importantly my time!This thing does not work well at al!!
So i had to buy a power strip but the power strip is too thick and won't work.
So this ended up in the garbageBought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) It works very well and is extremely secure.
I actually have a very tough time getting into this.
I had a hard time getting my thicker cords through (the surge protector and chest freezer cord).
I actually broke the bottom section that separates for two cords off so the larger cords would go in more easily.
Recommend this just for thin plugs, no adapters.
Good buy for the priceMy little guy is very active and loves to get into trouble.
Even though I am never too far away our let him out of sight he still manages to get into things.
He is so fast and just a little distraction could be fatal.
They are sort of hard to get open when installing them.
Only problem is, it doesn't prevent him from pulling on the wires.
The plastic side pieces are part of the back part, made of stiff plastic and extremely difficult to squeeze.
This outlet cover also did not fit one of my outlets (it would not stay flush to the wallThese outlet covers do just what they are supposed to.
I'm not at all concerned about my little ones being able to bust into them...they are hard enough for adults to disconnect!
I wasn't sure about the quality of a Safety 1st product (seems to be hit or miss with this company), but I was pleasantly surprised by the integrity of these covers.
And the price is great for a 2-packUnfortunately you cannot tell from the picture, but this product is not well designed.
Anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it.
In addition, the slot to feed the cord through to exit the device is also very small and fits almost none of the electronics in my house.
We have had one in place that the kids have never dislodged despite two years of trying.
But they will not close over the heavy, thick cords like those for microwaves, computers, or power bars.
My advice?
Invest in duct tapeThis things install quickly and easily if you're running standard cords (for lamps, etc.)
though the holes.
I ended up trimming the gap so it was larger on the backside plate and that did the trick.I think the ones I got are more than difficult enough to keep my son from opening them.
Well crap... what appliance plugs DID fit, you ask?
Oh, and the electric toothbrushes.Useless, sending them back.
After you put it on the wall, it's really hard to remove.
I wanted to be able to thread the powerstrip's cord up into that--but this is meant for thin wires like a lamp or something-- not a thick wire.
Also, it wouldn't cover the box of the cell phone charger, either.
This is for very basic wires and plugsThese are designed to cover plugs you leave plugged in, such as lamps or alarm clocks, so keep kids from pulling on the plugs/cords and damaging them or injuring themselves.
And that's exactly what they do.
We use several in our home and have had no problems.
They're also very easy to install with a simple screwdriver.Many of the negative reviews here complain either it is too hard to open (which is completely the point) or that it only holds "small" (aka standard) plugs, which should be obvious from the description and picture, so they're not really being fairI bought this thinking it was a great idea but you can't use it with any plugs that have a larger than standard plugs.
If you work it a little you figure out how it will just pop off.
He pretty much ignores them now.
YayThese were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.
My mom and I each held a side and pulled, but nothing.
I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart.
Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, I had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.
Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture.
It's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.
I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them upI attempted to pop this thing open for about 20 minutes then gave up.
It took both my husband and I 10 minutes to finally pry it open.
I ended up getting the Safety 1st covers because they don't have the sides that have to go into the wall, instead they protrude outThis thing is so hard to get off that neither you nor your children will ever get to your outlets again.
This is not a product you should buy if you want to use your outlets once in a while.
It took me 15 minutes to pry it openWhat a pain to to remove the cover and does not fit some plug types.
Xbox, ps4, etc are out of of the question.
You can replace computer cables with thinner, lower grade cables to get around thisI gave this product 4/5 stars for a couple reasons:Pros - mostly keeps fingers away from the plugs and sockets but only because they can't reach the sockets with little fingers, durable, hard for a child to take apart, completely kept our first son away.Cons - harder for an adult to quickly put together and take apart, doesn't keep little extremely curious fingers out of the top hole area (though they can't reach the part that would shock them), and doesn't stop our son from unplugging the cord since there is space for the cord to be pulled upward so that the plug comes out of the socket.
My kids are no longer turning the lights out or pulling cords.
It fit our large power strip easily.
I would highly recommendThe only other cover I could find wouldn't fit my power strip so I ordered this one.
My 8 month old could definatly fit at least a few fingers all the way in and touch the plug in no problem because I could.
I would recommend it to anyone with young totsI returned this product due to the several reasons:- It is too bulky- I ended up pinching my finger while installing it ( do not want my child to do it since he will be trying to figure out how to open itI tried to use this power strip cover for about 2 months when our twin daughters were 8-10 months old.
It was frustrating for my husband & I -- hard to get the power strip inside, hard to keep things plugged in, and too big to hide out of the babies view (not to mention that it's bulky and a bit ugly).
For the babies, it became yet another interesting thing around the house that we had to wrestle from their hands.
They were able to unplug the cords easily and were starting to reach their fingers into the top hole when I finally gave up on using it.
It was just too annoying to keep using the coverI love this product it keeps my son safe.
so it does protect her from being electified, but she can still unplug the tv lolThis cover was alright, the hole does seem a bit large and it wasn't quite long enough for our biggest power strip, but I have yet to find a cover that is, so I can't dock any stars for thatThis power strip cover is meant to be a baby-safe product, but even though I do like it and it leaves enough space for even thick cords and wide plugs, my daughter can stick her hand right down in there.
That fact pretty much defeats the purpose of even having the cover.
But it does at least make the whole thing look less appealing to her, so she doesn't bother it too much.
But the slot really should be narrowerI ordered this some time ago.
It was very difficult to figure out how to use.
My 8 month old loves all electric cords.
I needed something to protect her.
For the past week this has been working.Only one side of it can I get a big 3 prong plug into it.
I only need 2 openings to get in and out of so it hasn't presented itself as a major problem yet.
Really, I can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier.
The baby's whole hand fits through the giant gap.
Plus the thing is huge.
Like almost as big as a shoe box.
And really ugly.
Wish i had one of these growing up and could have prevented a lot of nights being sent to my room without dinnerI bought this power strip cover to protect my toddler from the power strip we have under a chest in our living room.
It barely fits under our chest.2.
We just hope, at this point, that it will be a further discouragement--and since the piece is all but wedged under the chest, we will get to him before he can pull the thing close enough to stick his little hand in.
Hopefully we'll find something better soon.You can presumably use it by covering every unused outlet in the cord with outlet covers.
This, of course, would not stop him/her from turning the switch off--in our case, this means resetting the clock and being without a phone for however long it takes us to notice the deed, among other bothers.In summary: buy it only if you mean to attach it to the wall.
But, it has to be to fit everything in there.
Its too small.
This stopped that instantlyNothing special...it does the job of covering what it is suppose to.
What it doesn't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs!
It's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening.
In fact, I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover.
If I can fit my hand in there, so can a child.
And it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there.
This product is, in a word, worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip.
But please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocksProduct is HUGE covering.
The product was very bulky, I can't imagine using it as it takes up so much room.
The vendor was not a problemThis cover was enormous and I have an extra long power strip so it didn't completely cover it.
This is really more like a &#34;slow them down&#34; as opposed to preventing them from getting inI bought and returned the other popular brand of power strip cover because it doesn't fit iPhone/iMac chargers.
And it adjusts lengthwise so you can make it pretty long if you need it to.
We didn't want to get rid of the power stripe because it runs my husbands laptop and the table lamp.
We ended up not using itGreat option for covering your outlets from little fingers.
Easy to use and store away.
Adjust to different lengths by pressing the buttonsSeriously, I just got this, and this product is not worth a single penny.
It is too bulky and gets in the way.
They cannot reach into it or access anything, (not sure what hole people are talking about), and have left it alone.
It's about the size of a one liter soda bottle, and slides together/apart to extend the length.
I think the slot is a little bigger than it needs to be as I can get my fingers in there.
The slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 5/8"-1" wide and a maximum of 10-3/4" long.
When closed, the hole for the power strip cord is 1-3/8" by 1/2".
I don't like the fact that there is no way to flick the power strip switch without half-disassembling the thing.
Buy this from Amazon.comI believe that this product would prevent a child from tampering with a power strip, but the plastic is quite thin and I was worried as I used it that it would break.
The things I was not happy about was the quality of the plastic seems flimsy and also if you have to hook it on the last hole due to the size of your power strip it barely stays together.
Other than that it's a decent little contraption that does its jobits a great product especially if you have mobile kids, babies or toddlers.
I couldn't get this to cover my living room power strip for my electronics because it wasn't quite long enough.
Also, I like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.My child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so I can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler.
However, I was concerned she'd try to put her hand in the slot that cords come out of and that hasn't happened yet.
Needless to say I gave it to a family member that could use it in a different area.
Any child can get their hand in it and get shockedThis is a little bigger than I thought it was gonna be, but it does the trick.
It's big enough to hold my my chargers for phone, bluetooth, ect.
I did knock off one star due to the hole where the cords come out of is juts a little too big.
This product prevents her from unplugging my electronic devices, from trying to plug things into the power strip, and from flipping the power strip into the off position.
In an effort to avoid this scenario, I have placed the product placed far enough under my entertainment center that my child would really have to reach to get to it, so the level of concentration that it would take her to both reach for the power strip and open the cover is beyond what she is capable of doing.I am still satsified with this product despite its weakness when fully extended, however, because when I placed the bare power strip in the exact same location, my daughter had no problem both reaching for the power strip and flicking it into the off position.
Furthermore, seeing all those cords, outlets, and plugs motivated her to move the power strip to where she could reach it better and within a matter of moments, she would happily turning it on and off, unplugging things, and trying to "plug" foreign objects into it.
So another thing this product succeeds in doing is making the power strip less attractive for her by covering up all the things she likes most about them- buttons, plug ins, and outlets.If this device were more readily accessible (ie: out in the open) I think my daughter would have no problem figuring out how to open it and thus rendering it useless.
It might not have the same problem with a smaller power strip because the product wouldn't need to be fully extendedThese are a great idea but didn't work for me.
Our cords are thick and long and wouldn't fit inside the boxFunctional and easy to use.
It takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...DEAD!!!
It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!
Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.
Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.
What is important is that they put the cord high above a child's reach.
I just ordered many more for the rest of the windows.
They do pop off from time to time, but are easily replaced.
I wouldn't spend extra money on ones that claim to do better than this typeAlthough the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer.
I left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck.
Although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which I find to be a SERIOUS design flaw.
From a company named Safety 1st - back to the drawing board on theseThis product is useless.
After installed, I could still open the oven door with my pinky finger.
The directions were also unclear and the picture doesn't match the productThis device keeps the oven shut despite my toddler hanging off the oven handle (fortunately, phew!).
This one does NOT have that problem.
We've been using it for 9 months, and my toddler (who is now almost 2) seems quite safe.
She's pulled on the handle of the oven a few times (and we've told her "no", which she seems to accept most of the time) and the lock has stayed put.
It does what it is supposed to and the adhesive seems to be working extremely well.
It was hard to attach at first because there are three pieces and with only two hands it's hard to hold all the pieces where they need to go.
It doesn't get too hot to touch when the oven is on, which is great so that I can have it locked while I'm cooking and then unlock it without getting burned to take the food outDoes what it is supposed to.
I would not recommend itMy husband yanked hard enough on the oven door to pop this off.
I don't think a baby or toddler could have managed it, thoughI do not reccomend this product at all!
It did not stick well, and my 11 mo old daughter popped it off the first time she pulled on the oven doorThese locks took some time to install, however when you follow the instructions it goes very smoothly.
Plus, after my daughter has outgrown the need for cabinet locks I can put them in their inactive mode.
Just be careful on cheap cabinets because you can drill through the entire door!
They took about 30 minutes to install and they are amazingThese locks just cannot be beat.
You have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.
If you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make SURE that child is safe.
I feel very blessed that I found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out EVERYTHING!
Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
Regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.
They are really secure and do not interfere with the appearance of your cabinets.
Buy this item only if you have the patience to deal with many small parts and instructions that are hard to understandI read the directions twice then installed taking less than 15 minutes and I am pretty clueless with putting things together.
One thing that should be changed is it says on the outside that a drill should be used but the directions says not to use a drill.
The screws are small so a drill would be pointless.
I like that it comes with paper guides so you only screww once and it is where it needs to be the first time instead of trial and error making many holes in cabinetEven though the Tot Lok is a bit pricey, it's well worth the money.My daughter's room has a cabinet that has 2 doors with an open shelf space between them.
I could spend several minutes rigging up what I thought would be a kid-proof barrier, only to have my daughter get into the cabinets within minutes.I found the Tot Loks one day when we were looking at child proof products, and boy, do I wish we had found them sooner.
After a lengthy install process - my hubby is a do-it-yourself handyman type and it still took awhile to install - our daughter can no longer get into the cabinets.I would highly recommend these to anyone who needs to keep kiddos (or even pets) out of cabinets.
With this system, they can try all they want but they cannot get in.
I never have an issue opening the doors.
Once you've tried a few, it's a lot easier to see where'll they'll work or won't work.Pros:+ Quick to install, after a few minutes of figuring it out+ No drilling required, so less work and no damage to furniture or cabinetsCons:- Only installs horizontally (along the top edge of a door or drawer), given the way they use gravity to lock.We just use the adhesive mount, no additional screws, for some furniture we didn't want to drill holes into.
So you might want to use them for critical spots such as under the sink; or use them when you travel.
Not toddler proof!
We only have one and are going to purchase another.
Small price to pay for security.
The thing I like about these is that if your little one is out of the house for the day, or they outgrow them, meaning they are old enough to be safe around knives and such, you can fix them where they don't require the key!
My husband spent an entire evening working on three drawers due to the modifications needing to be made for them to work correctly for our drawers.
Also, a small price to pay for the security of my little angel.
Do yourself a favor and invest a little money and get these latchesThis product is great.
It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).
Each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.
In less than 1 hour I was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.
The adhesive ones are easy to install but I bet my son would open them in no timeI feel bad that some people have had such a poor experience with this lock.
One set of Grandparents use them and an aunt too.
They are a bit expensive but you will never need to buy locks again.
We have never split a cabinet and we don't think it takes that much longer to install then any other cabinet locks.
You will have to drill in you cupboard doors but your little one(s) will be protected.
We like to keep our lock on the metal frame by the kitchen window above the sink.
I would however recommend keeping an extra key around in case one gets lost, or locked in a cabinet by accidentThis is simply a great product.
It is installed inside the cabinet so there is nothing to see from the front.
They are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.NOTE - The old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made.
These work better and are easier to install - just need a screwdriver and a few minutesWhen they work, they are awesome.
When they don't work, it really stinks.
There was no rhyme or reason to it.
We attached them in several locations and half the time the product worked perfectly and I am very satisfied but for no clear reason in some cases they would not work (or would only work on one of two cabinet doors on the same item!)
The directions are all but useless, so it was kind of trial and error.
It's worth it for thoseThis was a product that I used when I worked in child care and I always liked the fact that it is &#34;invisible&#34; and is not an obvious eye-sore on your cabinets.
I can find no discernible reason for this and it is very frustrating.
In my opinion, it shouldn't be this difficult to make accurate measurements to ensure that the product will work.
It might just be my cabinets, but they are not anything crazy or out of the ordinary.
I am frustrated that I will have to drill more holes into my cabinet and there is no guarantee that it will workThis product is a great concept, BUT it has a critical flaw for me.
The whole idea that I need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter.
I mean, why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers?
Baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed.
What about those holes?
Why would I want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors?
Also, what happens if say the door cracks while I drill?
I know the answer to that one -> ME!
Soooo....product is going back.
That is actually a good safety feature, because the kids know the magnet opens the drawers and would attempt to open the drawers when they get their hands on the magnet.As far as keeping the kids out, it worked well.
I'd say it's been in our drawer for about six years.
We no longer use it and it hasn't worked well for about a year or so.
The magnet no longer unlatches the lock and we can't get into the drawer.This is a good lock, but require the willingness to drill into the woodwork of your cabinets.
I think it should have lasted longer than five years, but maybe that's all most people need.
4 stars for the fact that it does what it's designed to do but not 5 stars, because it has issuesThis sounded good in theory, but didn't work at all.
It was a waste of money for our cabinets.
I really like the fact that they can be unlocked for long periods of time, so when I am working in the kitchen I can leave them unlocked and then quickly lock them again.
They are really not hard to install, I watched a video on You Tube that showed how to install them and then went and did it.I am going to recommend these to people I know.
Just wanted to let new moms know what I have learnedI really love this set of clippers.
If I was not in a well lit room and paying close attention, my 7 week old could have gotten seriously hurt.
Do you think I am storing the sliver of metal to take a picture of it?
If I described the defect as a sliver of metal, the product would look the same as in the original picture of the item, as a sliver denotes a very small piece, so the seller already has a picture of what the product looks like.
I shop online because I have limited time.
However, I am so irritated with the product and the seller's response that I decided to write this review.
Easy to clean.
Great gripThese aren't bad.
A little awkward to use the clipper lever - it is very small even for my small hands and tends to slip.
My whole family have ten mile long limbs, which includes incredibly long fingers so having that extra knobby thing attached to the nail clippers to hold onto makes it much less scary to bring a sharp object to your babies fingers.I suggest you ALWAYS cut their nails when they're sleeping, though.
If I could, I would change the material on the grip to a rubbery texture so it wouldn't slide around in my hand at all.
My hands are always very dry and it slides around a bit, but nothing like how those tiny ones fall out of my hand.
It had a plastic cover over the top of the cutting end of the clipper, similar to this one, but with a plain white handle instead of the cute bumble bee:Sassy: Bumble Bee Nail Clippers.
It was terrible.
It was so much easier to use than the other one.
These are all you need!
These Safety First clippers cut every time.
However, I'm disappointed with them.
I have a hard time grasping them and keeping them in place in my hand.
The only thing I would add to them is some type of metal file to clean under the nails... but you can't beat the ease of clipping with these thingsSafety 1st makes several nail clippers for babies, including model 49523 (Safety 1st Hospital's Choice Steady Grip Nail Clippers); model 49539 (Safety 1st Complete Nail Care Set) which includes what seems to be clippers similar to model 49523 but with a holder at the back for emery boards; and model 10435 (this one).
First, instead of a small white plastic bulb, the 49523/49539 has a larger white-and-orange or white-and-blue handle that allows you to hold the clippers like a "gun" with your index finger under the blades and your thumb on the lever.
Second, the orange or blue part of the 49523/49539 handle is soft and less slippery than the white plastic of this model.
Plus, it's not sharp and therefore worthless.- Nuby infant nail clipper - not bad in terms of sharpness, but something about the way it's designed makes it really difficult to get at the baby's nails.Search ends here, thank goodnessThese nail clippers are dangerous and I threw them out a long time ago.
Just as I was about to clip one of his nails, he jerked his hand and I accidentally cut off the tip of his finger.
Thankfully it was a shallow wound which healed quickly and did not do any serious damage.
But seriously, I hate taking my sons rectal temperature.
It is gross, he is squirming around.
This is so much easier.
Super convenientIt is always difficult getting a reading from a thermometer for a sick infant.
With this product, given that the infant would be used to a pacifer, works wonders.
For all of my friends expecting a little one, this is a mustthis thermometer is pretty consistent, but the nipple is too large for young babies.
It's convenient, but it requires about 3 minutes before a final temperature is reached.
It requires that your baby keep it in his mouth for that long.
i was having a hard time getting frequent readings with the under-arm thermometer and i decided to give this a shot.
when my son was sick i replaced his regular pacifier with this one, and simply pressed the button when i (nervous first time mom that i am) needed reassurance.
i think i am going to try another brand to see if i can find one with better accuracyhope i helped!
a much better solution for the money http://www.amazon.com/Exergen-Temporal-Scanner-Infrared-Thermometer/dp/B0015TIZGQ/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1299867344&sr;=8-2The nipple on this thing is HUGE and pretty hard so I don't think it would work for most babies because it would gag them and they probably just wouldn't like it.
I've tried this in my mouth, it isn't comfortable like regular pacifiers at all and it took so long to reach a temperature I took it out of my mouth before it was done, this was over 2 minutes so I don't even know if this thing is accurate at all.My girls were preemies and this was WAY too big for them.
I bought this when I was pregnant because I thought it would be a brilliant way to measure a babys temperature but I was wrong... As a new mom I was wrong about a number of things... this was one of them.
Any baby will identify this as a strange object and spit it out immediately, its too heavy.
His leg was all scrunched up, his head fell to one side (unpadded, by the way), and it was hard to fit it over my bathroom sink because it's a small round thing.
Anyway, before I had the baby, I bought my husband a bath head cushion (the kind you blow up) from Target which he never used (too girly I guess).
I bath baby in no time and I have the water running because he loves the feel of water streaming down onto his body.
It isn't as spacious as the tub we use at home, which is a little smaller than most tubs, but it folds up nicely, and it feels very safe and sturdy-not flimsy at all.
I use both tubs in the big bathtub, so leaking isn't a problem for me.
I have to place a towel behind her head b/c the hard plastic is at such a sharp angle it's uncomfortable.
Also, there is a part where she got her foot stuck and she screamed with pain!
It's way too small.
Usually we take the bath on his bedroom floor.
I also like the little section in the front.
That's where I put the soapy water.
I will be looking for another bath aid soon, but I'll miss this handy tubThis is OK for the short time that I am actually going to use it because it does get the job done.
However:-it does not hold a lot of water, so the water gets cool fast-the cusion is not that soft so I still have to put my hand under my babies headThe good news is:-it folds for easy storage-it has a little area for you to put the bathing items that you use such as some soap, wash cloth, or toysI bought this tub before my son was born, thinking it looked great and I could use it in the kitchen sink.
I do like that I can use it in the sink, but he's not a super long baby and his little feet always get stuck in the grooves where the tub folds!
It doesn't hold much water, either.
The NICU nurse recommended that we line any infant tub with one of those baby bath sponges (ours is yellow and in the shape of a bear).
We use our tub in the kitchen sink.
Leaks, pinches and mildew have never been a problem.
Oddly enough, we have found that our baby likes to sit in the tub backwards (once she could hold up her head).
We have used this infant tub up until this point and are just now graduating to the big tub.
However, since we use it every night, I haven't folded it up since Week 1.
I do like the tub but find it cumbersome to use.
It does leak through one of the fold-up hinge/gaps if there's too much water in the tub.
Also, Baby is now nearly 8 weeks old, and already, her feet spill over the end of the seat area.
She's very nearly too big for it and measured 22" at her 6-wk checkup.
I can't see her fitting in the tub much longer.
Her feet do get stuck in the gaps between the seat and the side of the tub.
She's knocked her head on them several times, and any other time, we spend the whole bath on guard, hoping she doesn't knock it.
I'm also bothered when draining the tub.
The plug has a little rim around it that sits up.
I have to turn the tub completely upside-down to ensure that all water has drained.
The more I think about it, the more I think I'd like to try a different tub.
I'd recommend this tub only to those who are seriously crunched for space or who travel often and need a fold-up tubI bought another tub initially - a friend told me about this one.
I have never had a problem with it growing mold or smelling musty.
I also have a newborn to toddler tub, which is very large and I have nowhere to store it.I have never had a problem with it leaking.
I find this tub to be better than the more expensive ones.
The only problem I have is that my six month old son is too big for this tub, but at $12.99, is that really such a big deal?
If you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store I recommend this oneMY HUSBAND AND I LIKED THIS TUB BECAUSE WE COULD FOLD IT UP AND PUT IT AWAY IN THE LINEN CLOSET.
I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WITH LIMITED SPACE FOR AN INFANT TUBThis tub is incredible for a newborn.
However, after a couple of months, we moved our daughter into a bigger tub so that she could kick her feet & move around more.
I will definitely use this tub again for our next newbornIf you are really, really, REALLY hard pressed for space, then maybe this tub is for you... except that you'll only use it for 3 months because it is so small and then it will sit in storage wasting that valuable space.
Save space by getting a little bigger tub that will spend more time holding your splashing baby than sitting under your sink: I have the Newborn to Toddler Tub by The First Years--my baby is a year old and I still use it (she is petite, but I'm sure anyone can get at least 6-9 months out of itI used this tub after borrowing from a friend because our Four Stage Bath System was so bad it was cutting up my baby's legs.
This was okay - soft all over, no problems like we had with the four stage, however because it folds the hinges tend to leak.
Never have a problem with leaking eitherMy mom got this tub for my daughter right after she was born.
I liked that it could be folded, but I never actually put it away unless we have company since I use it daily.
It does leak at the hinges.
Since she was born in the winter, I gave her a bath in the bathroom so that I could get it really warm.
It does fit in the kitchen sink though.
I still give her her bath in the bathroom, and just sit her tub in the big tub.
It uses less water, her head is elevated, and she's a little higher.
We have the newborn-to-toddler tub with daughter and it's bulky, takes up tons of room and is no different than this one other than it doesn't fold up.
I would much rather have the fold-up than the one we have now.
She wound up sideways in it during the entire bath and I never used it again.
I would just as soon put her into the bathtub and put a couple of inches of water into the tub and bathe my baby that way rather than put her into this contraption.
Living in an apartment, this tub is great for small spaces.
But considering it folds for storage, that was not a big issue.
Well, I got it together all right but it is WAY too big for the bathroom and/or kitchen sink so I had to put it in the big tub from the very beginning.
Also, I have yet to get it to shrink, so I have this huge tub in the bathroom all the time.
However, that causes him to slide down the sling and it's quite hard where the sling ends, so he ends up with this red mark on his lower back.
Also, it just doesn't seem to hold water.
I have read the directions and everything but the water just leaks out.
I had my baby so I picked up this tub last week.
However I could not figure out how to use the sling alone for my 1 week old infant.
It appears that you have to hold her head up while in the sling which leaves you with only 1 hand to bathe her with.
But anyone with an infant knows that they kick and squirm and I found it very hard to use.
I tried to snap it into the tub for the 2nd stage (thinking better support) and I could not get it to fit!Much easier to sponge bathe a new baby on a contoured changing pad.
I'm thinking of returning and going for the EuroTubI'm shocked by all of the other reviews on this particular product.
Many complain that it's too small for their sink...hello!!!
Please ignore the negative reviews and I highly consider buying this product.
It may be the only tub you will buy in you child' early stagesI haven't had problems with this tub....
I used another tub for my son for the first 3 months, and that tub became too small, so I purchased this one.
I'm so glad I did.At 3 months, my son was large for his age, but unable to sit up yet, so this tub was perfect.I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because I agree with the other comments that it is not easily collapsible to store, and it is bulky, but we simply let it dry in the bathroom overnight and store it under his crib during the day - so space turned out to not be so much of a problem.I have had no issues with the tub leaking though.
Unfortunately, it doesn't hold any water to submerge anything than perhaps the feet.
Leaks horribly, bulky - we gave up, returned it, and now we just bath with baby.
Nothing works better than you own hands on your slippery baby anyway, and you can avoid sore knees from bathroom tile and stiff back from bending over the tubWe've only used this tub a handful of times because our son is only 3 weeks old.
I have not had any problems with the tub leaking.
I definately don't think this tub is appropriate for small babies.
The tub has absolutely no support for his head OR his body.
It would be just as easy to put him in our full size bath tub.
I wouldn't recommend this tub for small babiesI hate this tub!!!
I do not recommend buying this itemWe love this tub.
She's four months old now and didn't cry even during her first bath.3/06 - We're now using this tub on child #2.
This child likes it too.
Between the two girls we've been using this tub for 22 mo.
It has never leaked, not onceBeing the excited new mom I opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open!
Plus if it did this to me then what about when I am washing my child.
Right back in the box and I drove back to the store the same day....got another brandI wrote a review a few months ago but I have to edit it.
I followed all the directions, I was very careful and patient with this tub, I washed it and dried it after each use and still I find things growing in the crevices and between the top and bottom.
The sling slips out of place all the time and the bath ring isn't worth the extra work it takes to clean it and the little ridges that hold it into the tub.
No matter how hard I work it's impossible to keep this tub cleanThis was terrible.
I got Sure Comfort Deluxe instead.
It is the only one bathtub where a baby does not slip forward and doesn't go under water.
I did not notice that because it was used in adult bathtub.
My boys are quite big for their age, and they love to kick their legs and splash around.
In the beginning I put the tub on my bathroom counter, but when they started splashing water all over the place, I put this tub in our regular bath.
There are far more things I dislike about it than like.I liked the sling.
I used it alone in the kitchen sink.I disliked the sling in the tub.
My son now sits up on his own but I feel he can slip too easily in this tubI registered for this bath tub and recieved it as a shower gift.
I've never had a problem with it leaking.
The suction cups do get stuck on very hard and I really have to pull to get it up so much that I pulled one suction cup off last time(It went back on very easily).
So I am glad to have this tub and would recommend it over all the others70% of the time, the tub doesn't leak.
The 30% that it does leak, however, is a fiasco.
Here's how it happens: Once the tub is full expanded and the clips under the side are "clicked" into place (and yes, we did read the instructions) we fill the tub.
Once we finish bathing her, we slide the entire unit forward just enough so that the drain hangs over the edge of the sink and let the water drain.
Mothers (and fathers) have far better things to do with their time than fiddle with the damn clips and mop up a huge mess.
My husband, an MD and engineer says it is obviously incapable of maintaining a reliable seal.
Meanwhile, we're shopping for a different type of tub.
We cuss too much using this oneI pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks.
This was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week.
So i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks.
Really, who wants a tub that leaks????
a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with.
I wouldn't buy this tubI registered for this and got it home and put it together.
Much better.
less $$ and easy to useI like the fact that it's a convertible tub, and I seem to have escaped any kind of leaking problem, but the sling is a pain in the rear.
Baby gets playful, kicks his legs, and Mom spends half the time repositioning him on the sling (which operates more like a slide), so that he won't slip all the way into the water.
If I could get down on the floor and bathe my son in the big tub with this tub inside, it would probably be easier (but I don't think my knees would appreciate it.
I am currently looking for another solution to this piece of junk.
Buy at your own riskthis tub leaks - i had to put it in my bath tub to use it, which really hurt my back and made me nervous when taking my daughter out of the tub and trying to stand up.
couldnt use it on a kitchen counter unless i wanted everything to get wet.doesnt open and close very easily - i gave myself more than one bruise (due to pinched skin) when trying to open and close it.
also, by the time your child can sit up in this might as well put them in the big tub..my daughter slipped and slid all over when we tried to sit her up.too short - by the time she was 4 months, she was too long for this tub and would kick the sides.i had regisered for the eurotub, but rec'd this.
He would arch his back and slip forward into the bath ring, thus painfully squishing his private parts.
Now he twists and turns and won't stay put in the tub.
I have thought about buying a better tub, but since we are so close to graduating him to the big tub, I don't want to spend the money.
I will not be using this tub for my next childMy mom bought this for us after she decided that the bath chair we already owned was not good enough.
This has been the best bathtub we could have ever wanted!
Our baby didn't really like bath time until he could sit up by himself, and at that point this bath tub became a necessity.
We had a problem with leaking at first, too, but once we read the instructions and pushed the bottom down securely, we haven't had a problem sinceI was never fond of this even with the first use.
The only time i was happy with it was once he was old enough to sit in the full tub which is when this isn't neededGreat product for our little one.
We put the baby tub in the big bath tub and our little one loves to take baths.
The first time we used it I had a hard time locking it but once I got it locked there were no problems.
It also has a removable bath ring, that she will be using when she can sit on her ownNot sure why this got bad reviews.
We used the product starting at about 8 weeks when our son outgrew the sink but was too tiny for the tub and we stuck this tub right on our countertop for months with no problem.
Now we use it in our regular tub and it saves us from having to waste a tubful of water for one tiny person to bathe.
Most tubs are non-slip, that's what the little bumps are for in your tub.
No matter how hard I pressed on the middle "locking" device water always leaked out onto the counter and floor.
I looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.
First of all, the tub leaks.
The sides of the ramp are hard and if they move there head to quickly they could hurt themselves.
I wouldn't recommend this to anyoneI found it easy to use and it sticks to the bathtub great, BUT my two month old is constantly slipping down and I have to keep pulling him back up onto the hammock.
Maybe it will be more helpful as he is older and we don't need the hammockThis tub was the worst!
Talk about making your job harder than it already is!
It leaks, the sling hardly stays in place, it takes up so much space, and you have to use it in the tub anyways.
It is more trouble than it is worthi was surprised to read all those negative reviews regarding this tub.
granted, i never tried to fold it since those few inches don't seem to make much of a difference storagewise, so i don't know if its difficult to do.
it's been 7 months with this tub, and nothing ever broke, or got worn.
i think this tub is greatDO NOT WASTER YOUR MONEY ON THIS TUB.
So far, in my 7 months of motherhood I have been through four tubs (this being the 5th).
When he out grew that I bought the Safer Bather by leachco based on reviews and I was not all that impressed... My little guy got to cold and it just was not that great.
Therefore, I upgraded to the leachco bath ring...once again nothing but disappointment.
I was resolved to washing the baby in the sink, but at 7 months that was just too hard for me to do alone; he was slippery and squirmy just wanting to play!
I happened to be out at Toy's r us and they were having a sale so I picked up the tub thinking what the heck lets see if this works.
No leaks, he is very secure (obviously, you stay with them) and it is so simple clean.
My only issue is the tub is large and we have a small bathroom.
LOVED IT!Then she began to grow & by 5 months of age, she still couldn't sit up, but the tub was way too small.
Big mistake.
As he got bigger, I put the sling into the tub (2nd way of the 4-1 system).
Bath time became a pain.
He fits securely into the reclined side of the tub, with no slipping.
It is impossible to get folded and unfolded.
My baby kept slipping down and her ears would get under water.
She is now to big for the sling, but to small to sit up in the ring.
I gave it a fair try, but I had to go out and buy another bath.
It seems like a great concept, but it is really just a waste of [moneyI used this bath for the first 3 months and it was great when using the sling, but when my son got too big for the sling and was sitting up, we tried the sitting position.
I would not recommend this bath tub.
There are other tubs with slings that are much betterthis is the worst bath tub i've bought.
once i pulled it out to be longer but, no matter how much i struggled to put the extension back together, it just wouldn't click.
the result was that my kitchen counter and floor were a mess.now, i bought the Euro bath.
He loves to kick and splash and doesn't have the room he needs.
If you are planning to use it as a fence to block off a wide opening, pay the extra money for the metal version with the gate.
I don't care that it's not the most attractive thing.
One suggestion I would make to the manufacturer though would be to pad or provide padding around the bottom, about six inches high.
It is easy to set up and tear down and takes a matter of seconds.
As children get older, they will be able to climb over the walls of the gate or possibly knock it down, making it impractical as a containment device.
Each one of the joints has to be bent in order to become sturdy.
Placed in a straight line, the gate cannot resist pressure and it will fall over with the slightest push.The only complaint I have with Superyard XT is the small space it covers.
I brushed it off when I first saw it because it seemed like another useless product with limited use, marketed solely to take our hard earned money.
But now that I own the Superyard, I cannot imagine life without this containment device.
I use it on a carpeted area for our 7 month old infant, so she can crawl around to her hearts content and be safe from wall outlets, small objects, etc.
I am also planning on getting an extension, to make her play area even bigger.
My only complaint, and it is minor, is that the gate that opens (so you can get in the 'Superyard') is awkward and somewhat difficult to work.
There should be an easier swing open type gate on this thing, so that mommy or daddy can quickly enter and leave the play areaThis has system has given me peace or mind.
Great product, very studyI recently purchased this yard when my twins ((now nearly 8 months old)) started to become mobile.I have yet to baby-gate my entire house, but I have super-yard'ed the family room!
I have it shaped as a square, and have those alphabet puzzle peice foam squares inside, to protect my carpet.
The boys enjoy being able to actually see through the holes, and be able to play with many of their toys ((rather than being confined in a pack n play)).
It is pretty sturdy if used properly, I mean if I or any other adult were to fall on it, obviously it would collapse.
It DOES fold, but not at all compactly, and I would say that it would most-likely take up my entire mini-van trunk if I were to travel with it... so if you are looking for a compact on-the-go type of play-yard, look else-where.
I do like that you can configure it to fit an oddly-shaped play area, or even remove/add panels ((sold separately which we did not buy)) to make it larger or smaller.
My husband believes if we screw 3 hooks ((with the full hole, not the 1/2 hole) to either side of each door frame, and then attatch those strong zip-ties to the hooks and the holes in the gate, that it will work.
Of course, this will do damage to our walls, but it is the only solution I see fit with such a large doorway ((please note that these are NOT meant for stairs, or doorways.
And, one of my friends owns one, and used it to surround her christmas tree last year, which I thought was an AMAZING idea!I think that once our boys master crawling, and eventually walking that the super-yard will prove even more valuable than it is nowWe purchased this the moment i saw my son fell and landed flat on the floor hitting the bottom corners of our entertainment center & computer table.
It gave him a bad bruise on his forehead, and worst of all a very traumatic cry of his life at 8 months.
Now that we enclosed our entertainment center along with our computer table with this gate, we not only protected him from some more bad falls, but also kept him away from other stuffs (cds/dvds, remote controls, powersurge outlet and so on) we don't want him to play with.
It doesn't even encourage him to climb up on its diagonal shaped railings, no matter how much he tries to.
I say, its much cheaper too to invest on gates rather than on childproofing device with adhesives that don't actually work, and other devices that are not only childproof but adult proof as well.
We originally purchased the yard to wrap around our stone wall/fireplace.
The wall was too "freeform" to use regular 90-degree and straight-edge padding, so we figured by snaking this yard around the fireplace and entertainment center we'd pretty well babyproof the whole living room.
Great idea for when you have to keep the little ones in a safe space, our twins love being and playing in itThis is a stay-at-home mom's lifesaver!As my little boy (now 9 months) has become moremobile, this product has helped tremendously.It has broadened his world but in an enclosed space.We keep his play yard in a corner within the superyard, in the children's playroom.He never gets tired of it.
He loves it!He can crawl or cruise within his area and can see me whilehe plays.
Great product!
Your mileage may vary.Plus side: The fence itself is robust and basically indestructable.
In it's four or five sided form, it's very stable, even against toddler rage!
(&quot;Attica, Attica!&quot;) The sides can be taken apart, to make smaller areas.Minus side: the folding and locking mechanism is very stiff, and I was afraid I was breaking it at first when I was opening it up.
So far it's not too much of a problem.
The whole system is pretty heavy, and not nearly as portable as they try to tell you.
The major downside is the price.
Outdoors it's good for keeping and busy infant or toddler in one place so you can do yard work or relax without having to chase them around.
We don't have a playpen so we use this inside as well when we need to make sure he stays out of harms way for a few minutes.
We even use it for the dog when she sleeps inside at night because otherwise she chews on everything in the house while we're sleeping.
I read the reviews before I bought it and thought it would be tough to &quot;unravel&quot; but it wasn't bad at all.
I expect a new product not to just pop right into position, but it formed a hexagon rather easily.
My daughter is 7 months old and when she pushes herself up on her front arms and tips over onto her back, she occasionally bonks her head on the &quot;wall&quot; of the pen.
She gave herself a nice red spot on her head when she hit the &quot;hinge joint&quot; part of the pen that concerned me, but it wouldn't be very effective if it wasn't sturdy.
The mesh lattice walls seem to have a little give in them.
We bought a second one for upstairs and we're going to try to connect them together for outdoor occasionsI was initially given this product as a gift for my 9 pound chihuahua.
He is very active and likes to jump very high, but he can not jump over the gate.
He tries to push the gate in attempt to escape but the gate does not move.
The gate is high enough so that he can not jump over.
Very sturdy product and we plan on using this also when we have kids.
But I guess that is the good thing also so who ever you have inside can't get outIt did exactly what I purchased it for.
My baby never actually stayed in the enclosed area (absolutely hated it!)
The floor stickers, or whatever they're called, to keep it in place left sticky residue on my hardwood floors which took some effort to remove thoughI recommend getting the extension that goes with this gate to make it big enough.
Our baby never liked to be penned in anywhere, but we use it to gate off the "band area" of the basement.
If you do plan to connect it in an enclosable shape, it takes a little getting used to the connection mechanism.
My husband has no problem with it at all.
I feel comfortable that my 10 month old isnt going to tip the whole thing over due to it being substantial in weight.But when it comes down to it, I dont know if I would buy it again for more than 35Welcome to the toddling/scootching/crawling years, where you can't ever get a break unless you have some way of keeping junior from getting away.The SuperYard is a foldable rigid-plastic fencing system for creating what we called back in the day a play pen.
It's designed to be reconfigurable for a given area, so that the enclosure can be made to fit odd spaces.
Our son, at 10 months or so, had clearly outgrown this smaller type yard, and was quite unhappy at the limiting horizons of its opaque blue walls.
I think some of the comments about this being unstable are either from those who are unrealistically expecting a completely rigid structure, or those who may have assembled it in a way that the shape is unstable.
I can demonstrate this by putting my full 200+ lb weight on the edge when it's open, in which case there's considerable flex, versus when it's closed in an octagon shape, in which case it barely gives and I can practically do a push-up on it.Of course the whole thing can slide -- it's made out of plastic and it's not attached to anything!
If the structure is set up in a way that it's got some sort of limiter (a wall, for instance) keeping it from moving too far, this really ought not be a problem.
The idea is for creating a play yard you can set up easily an in a variety of places, and anything that's fixed permanently is not going to serve that purpose.
That's your trade-off with this type of yard versus a smaller crib or similar yard.The expectation for this should be as a semi-temporary safe play area.
It is not to create an undersupervised area, except perhaps for a quick deposit of your tot while you go to the bathroom or answer the door, etcetera.
We use this in the room that has our computer -- despite our attempts to childproof this area, it's pretty impossible given the requirements of computer cabling.
Our little guy can pull up on the frame, and it occasionally slips a few inches, but I don't know a lot of toddlers coordinated enough to know how to climb a fence AND who have small enough feet to use the rather small lattice openings.
Folded up, it takes up about as much space as the smaller Pack N Play but at about half the weight.Where this has been less than ideal has more to do with our kid than the product.
He doesn't like being left alone in it, but neither does he like being left alone in any of his other confinements (e.g.
The litter box, the stairs, plugs, you name it, she found a way to get to it.
We even purchased the extension kit, so she basically had the whole room, yet was contained.
It keeps his toys, books, blankets, etc.
Very Very easy to store away.6.
Somewhat easy to wash (not like the plastic walls on the Playzone - you just wipe clean), we had to take the gate into the yard and rinse it off with the water hose.8.
If it is not bolted into the walls it is quick and easy to take down for more space verses other products such as the Playzone are pretty permantent once in place (they are just too big and bulky)All in all I gave the Superyard XT 4 stars because it has options to make it as sturdy as the more expensive ones out there, but the more expensive ones do not require screws, or holes to your home to complete the job.
If you are buying to use as a Playyard, then buy the Playzone if you have an extra fifty bucksI recieved this as a shower gift and began using it when my daughter began to crawl.
It was better than any play yard because there is much more room for toys and for baby.
As she grew (and the number of toys as well), I purchased an extension to make the area bigger.
Now that winter is here and she is running about, we are using it to block our wood(pellet) stove to prevent any accidents.
I have never had a problem and it folds up and stores easily.
We have used it at home, at the beach, in the yard and as a barrier for both the Christmas tree and pellet (wood) stove to keep our little ones safeThis gate is an indispensable thing in our household.
They can't stay in here for too long, but it's great for when we need to cook and can't have them by our side.
This is the best gateit will NOT make a regular octagon, even if you have 8 panelsthe problem is, it only opens to certain angles, and 135 degrees is not one of themit only does 90, 120, and 150(but 120 degrees is good for a hexagon, just don;t think if you have to have any old number of panels, you can make any polygon you want, you can;t.. additionally the SQUARE, which you can make with the 90 degree angles, are not very strong and not recommended by the instructions, especially if you are thinking, i can have use 8 panels to make a square, it will be very flimsy in the middle of the straight junction.. they specifically say DO NOT do that, have 2 sides joined at a 0 degree angle.. basically a hexagon is about all it really works for.. though a 4 sided square works, it isn;t weak, it is just tiny..)so you can HAVE an 8-sided fencebut the angles will have to be half 120 and half 150 degreeswhich is more of a square, just with bent sidesnot a real regular stop-sign type octagon!
@#$plus it;s a little flimsyand (no matter what the shape is) there is no way to have an easy open/close gate, you have to either step over it or take a side apart every time [very hard]when i bought it, the store guy said ''oh what kind of dogs do you have..?
Unfortunately, at 6 months, she can now sit up, but has little control over her body.
She has no injury to her actual eye, but she has a bruise below her eye now, and has been crying all night.I am done with hard plastic.
He loves watching the flashing lights and hearing the music.
The reason I did not give it five stars is because the instruments do all sound very similar and a bit electronic sounding, but other than that not that annoying of electronic toyI wish there was a volume adjuster because it is a little louder than I imagined and that the music would last a little longerWe bought this when our baby was sitting with support and initially she was into the soft edges to chew on and later on she found interest in hitting the cube for playing music.
This is probably the only toy she reaches for over and over, and she never seems to get tired of it.
Worth theWe got our twin boys this Mozart Magic Cube for Christmas, when they were 6 months old.
We liked everything about it...except that it was TOO LOUD!
I've actually been amazed at the number of baby toys that are annoyingly loud.
Some to the point that they made our babies cry (like this one).
I've actually had to place duct tape over speaker holes on numerous things such as mobiles, play gyms, and an activity table because otherwise those products are great, just loud.
But therein lies the problem with this toy - there is no obvious speaker hole on it.
It's as if the annoyingly loud music emanates from every crevice.
Now that the boys are 9.5 months I may try to bring it out again and see if they will tolerate it.
Amazon quickly replaced it and so far all is well with the second toy, though we've only had it a few daysBoth of my twins LOVE this toy!
I really like how you can add/subtract the different instruments as the song plays.
He's five months old now.
It startles him and made him cry a few times.
Decided it was a bit too 'manic' for him.
BUT it has an issue with batteries!
It's not being played with at a rate that warrants having to change the batteries once or twice a week.
Perhaps we got a defective one.
I don't know.
I think this is a great buyThis thing as so loud and piercing.
I'm a very musical person, so I'm picky about these things.
He is entertained by this toy (so am I).
He doesn't get the concept of the different instruments, and adding/subtracting the instruments.
The lights just add to the experience.I don't think the sounds are that far off.
I like the choices of instruments - violin, piano, harp, flute & French horn - partly because I play three of those.It cycles through 8 songs (not all Mozart as implied by the name).
Unfortunately, it will only cycle through the songs by pressing the Orchestra button multiple times.
It would be nice to cycle through them only using one instrumentMy 15 month old still enjoys this toy after getting it for Christmas when she was near 9 months.
My only complain is that there are a couple of songs that get old quickly, but I guess that comes with every music making toy!
I like that it's colorful and the education it provides with the instruments (mommy and daddy are crazy music lovers) as well as the simplicity of the toy.
It has kept her entertained for several minutes at a time, which is a lot for my very squirmy, active little one.
And it plays a lot of tunes-excellent purchaseThis toy seemed very well liked and is recommended on many toy homepages in the Top Ten Toys.
I had high hopes but my little boy just doesn't seem interested.
He is now almost 14 months and doesn't really play with it unless he is prompted by me.
This thing is heavy for a little person and I'm afraid that it could hit his foot or smash through our french doors.
I thought it might just take him a little while and that he would be interested as he grows older but so far we could have done without itI bought this for my 4-month old son.
We used it for 30 days, for about 10 min each day and the battery died downWe ordered this toy from Drugstore.com, which showed a picture of an older model, not the new "upgraded" toy.
The idea of this toy is intriguing but the actual execution of the idea is less than stellar.
The also blamed the deceptive picture they used on a glitch with the manufacturer.
If you are going to purchase on Amazon, consider another vendor.
Very disappointed.
I do think the on-off switch is a blessing for the parents.
By far the least annoying music making baby toy.
The music is soothing and not annoying like many other toys.
I never saw any of them properly engage with it.
At first, he was fascinated with looking at the lights and hearing the music.
But as he got older, he learned how to play with it more.
He will hit the blue button multiple times till he gets to the song he wants to hear.
Not annoying and definitely a plus that there is an on/off switch.
She even gets excited when the music picks up and wiggles around.
It does not have a volume switch so it can be rather loud.
Probably the price has come down and this used to be much more expensive because I notice in the earlier reviews mention about the high price.
I am surprised there aren't more toys for children at this age, so the really good ones like this one do not involve much thinking before buying on my part.Forget replacing the battery as it's not simpleHas 8 recognizable tunes and easy enough for our 9 month old to figure out.
The on and off switch is easy.
He got it for his birthday, and he plays with it every day.
So far, we have had no trouble with it, and the batteries haven't even needed to be changed yet!
Then he learned that if he hit it again, the song would change.
So now he plays one song after another.
He plays with it for hours.
I don't get tired of hearing it either, because there are several different songs, and the sound quality is not irritating.
Also, the tones of the instruments fluctuate a little bit, which makes it sound more like real instruments than electronic tones.Long story short, this has stood up to ALOT of play already, and we like it just as much now as we did when we first got itI got this for my granddaughter's first birthday and we both love it!
We both keep pushing the instruments to hear more music.
I see why it is one of the most popular infant and toddler toys.
I'm so glad I got it despite the negative reviews and it doesn't bother me that the sounds aren't completely authentic.
(I'd also like to note that the violin is the worst sounding one, the other instruments sound more like the real thing in my opinion.)
As he gets older it will be neat to show him that while each instrument plays similar but different parts, they all go together to make a pretty song.The toy seems very sturdy, although after several months of play the 'harp' button has to be pushed a little harder than the others for some reasonThe product is very fun for my daughter of 12 months, but the sound is so electronic that all of the selective instruments sound kind of the same.
How hard would it have been to have actual recordings of instruments?
I guess they don't have actual instruments in ChinaBuy it!
I was going to buy it on Amazon, happened to find it elsewhere for just a little over $20My daughter LOVES this toy.We first gave it to her at 6 months for Christmas, which was too early.
At 11 months, she plays with it all the time.
A piece of advice: it took me a little while to figure out that you had to press the orchestra button a few times to change the song.
Before I figured this out, the same song was driving me crazy!
The only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it does not have a volume control button.
It is quite loud and I sometimes wish I can make it lowerMy 9 month old son LOVES this toy!
It's not too loud and lights up with pretty colors.
He goes back to it time and time again but never gets tired of it.
Definitely a good toyThe Mozart magic cube is an AWESOME toy for my busy little 15 month old boy.
It is actually very difficult (and maybe impossible) to remove these pieces entirely from the toy, and that presents a danger of poked eyes and scratches.
Eventually, we had to cut the plastic ties very close to the toy and then push the raw ends into the toy, where they still are (and we hope they stay there).
I was hoping that it would engage my boy a little more but the buttons are a little hard to press for a 1 year old and so he lost interest very rapidly.He seemed to be interested when I pressed the buttons for him but beyond that, not worth the money in my opinion.
At least not for a small babyMunchkin Mozart Magic Cube.Nice music, interesting concept (one instrument per side).
Now he gets the full functionality of the toy.
Warning, it's very heavy.
Don't put it in your backpack when traveling to grandma's (we learned this lesson).
My niece had it before, so I knew it was a must-have with my little guy already.
An added BIG PLUS for parents - it does have an "off" switch.
As time went on, she played with the toy herself and was constantly drawn to it.There was always a limited assortment of toys for her to explore on the living room floor.
Not only does my child love it but it's the only thing I can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently HATES putting sweaters on).
My boy totally enjoyed it for the first couple days and could sat and played for 20 to 30 min, it totally amazed me.
Until one day I found him, after playing the cube for 15 min, covering his ears and trying to escape.
He moves it around, bangs on it and lights it up with music.
Great buyMy niece absolutely loved this product and its not at all annoying!
She loves playing with the lights and mom and dad don't have to listen to annoying musicLove, love, love this cube.
She'd kick her legs to turn the music on and off.
Whenever he is fussy, I just give him the cube and he forgets his fussiness at once.
it's a good toyThere are really mixed reviews for this product, and I think this is for two reasons: 1) the fact that different people are looking to this product with very different ideas of what they think their kids will get out of it and 2) the fact that the product quality really did go downhill when Munchkin took over from Embryonics.
Let me try to help you sort out both points.Before I do, I should mention that I originally got the Munchkin version, didn't like it, and ended up replacing it with the original Embryonics version, which I like much better.
My 19-month-old seemed to enjoy both versions.Before you get this product, ask yourself, "What value do I think it will have for my child?"
If you have any thought like this in your head, banish the thought of getting this toy - you will likely be disappointed with either version of it.
On the better, original Embryonics version of this toy, the piano and harp sound reasonably true to their real sound and the flute is recognizable on the higher notes, at least.
And the violin - forget it!
It doesn't even sound like a string instrument, and I doubt a child hearing the violin part on this cube and then hearing a real violin would hear any similarity.
The rest of the instruments sound like synthesized crap.
(I suspect that none of this will matter to you in the least if you just want a musical toy your child can interact with in some way, and despite this shortcoming, I think most toddlers would enjoy either version of the toy just because it is plays music and does so in an interactive way.
)4) You would like to enjoy this toy with your child, or at least not be driven crazy by it while he is playing with it.
As you can tell from what I've said already, I definitely agree with other reviewers that the newer Munchkin version of this toy has much inferior sound quality than its predecessor.
I think it's very well made and should last a long time.
I've heard the Munchkin one play in person and it sounds like it is dying and about to run out of batteries.
Seriously save yourself some money and buy an original one (even if it's used).
He enjoys switching up songs.2 complaints, 1)its pretty heavy 2)all the instruments sound very electronicFine toy, nice sound.
But I can't give it to my son yet as I can't seem to get these damned wires from the packaging out of the toy.
They are threaded through these tiny holes in the product and I haven't yet gone out to get pliers as someone else suggested.
You shouldn't need pliers to free a toy from its packaging.
I even took out the screws that access the battery pack (which I am quite impressed with as well), hoping to access where the wires are stuck.
If they just used regular string, it would easily come out, but these plastic coated wires are too stiff to pull through in the manner that they have put themThis is a great toy.
There is one significant flaw in its design; this is that the volume is not adjustable and it is too loud.
If it were 1/2 this loud, I'd let me daughter play with it all the time.
As it is, I usually limit her to playing with it with me, so I can hold it away from her head/ears.Due to the too loud volume, I'm giving it a 4 star review, instead of 5.
Otherwise, it is a great, great productMy children (an infant and a preschooler) like this toy--but it is WAY too loud.
I'd return this if I purchased it at a store, but it's too much of a hassle to return this to amazon.
So sadI love the music on this but my little guy does not seem to interested in this.
He has had it since he was 6 months and has only shown a passing interest in itI love this toy for babies.
This is a heavy toy.
It hurts (a lot) when thrown by toddlers.
It also seems to attract use as a step stool since it is a cube & has resulted in quite a few falls.
Take this toy away when they are toddlers!
And if you have both a baby and a toddler, don't let either play with this toy!
It just doesn't make for a very good combinationAfter looking for a musical toy that was not annoying, off-key or obnoxious, we discovered this.
Plays several songs by Mozart; baby can play a song with all instruments at once by pressing "orchestra" or one at a time.
Baby can also turn off instruments one at a time.
The instruments are clearly synthesized, but still, the quality is not bad and I could listen to it for long periods of time.
I have yet to be annoyed by this toy.
In fact, I may have to buy two - my twins fight over it constantly!
My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it's a little bit loud.
Not annoying but very good tones.
My son loves this thing, and becomes very involved when playing with it every time he uses it.
But really, each button plays exactly the same notes except with a different instrument.
this toy is a great concept and plays great music, looks great, but is too loud.
espeically when my baby is playing with it right next to their ear.Unfortunately many other toys are too loud too, so this one is probably worth recommending to friends/family.
If he kicks one of the buttons, that will be enough, but he doesn't really have enough force just from swatting at it (he'd probably have to lean onto it).
It's also too heavy for him to pick up.The music quality is very nice and I don't find it to be at all annoying (like many other electronic baby toys); the flute is probably the nicest sounding of the instruments.
The music choices are pretty annoying and I am not someone who gets annoyed by baby tunes.
To change the tune you have to press twice on the orchestra side rather than only once, which I find annoying.
Overall my LO doesn't seem too interested in it just yetSanta gave this to our 6 month son for Christmas.
Would buy again and againI love that there is an off switch, and it would be very difficult for a baby to turn it on.
But why, oh why, didn't they put a volume switch on this thing though?
I have to take it away, so what is the point of having a toy that gets forgotten about in a cupboard somewhere?As for good points, there are lots of colors obviously, and baby can choose just one instrument or the whole orchestra sha-bang.
The individual instruments don't REALLY sound authentic, but it was a nice try.
It's not a minature version of the New York Symphony stuffed into a $600 Bose music player, like some people are expecting.Since this is a child's toy, I think it's serves it's purpose well.
The lights flash when the music plays.
It keeps her occupied for long periods of time and she's learning the names of each instrument and how they each sound both together in an orchestra and individually.The people who are expecting this to be something more than it is need to understand that the toy wasn't designed for their enjoyment.
The toy was designed for children.
And, in my opinion, it's an exceptional toy that will keep most children entertained which, in and of itself, is a blessingToo loud.
Too hard.
My 6 month old has fallen headfirst onto the cube and has cut her forehead and chin and jaw on the hard(!)
Buttons require too much strength to push for a 6 month old.
She can sometimes manage it her feet if cube is braced against other object.
She has gone from just looking and listening to it, to pressing the buttons herself and chewing on the ends as a teether and has begun to select the music and instruments on her own.
Sings 8 diff Mozart tunes and lights up.
Overall it's very tinny and hard to listen toI was a little skeptical at first.
There are instruments on each side that can be turned on and off while contributing to the main song.
You can have a piano solo, and then add other instruments on top.
Well built cube, should last a long timeThis toy keeps my 4-month old's attention for a while - she really seems to like the flashing lights as the music plays.I only wish there was a volume button on it - it seems a bit loud to me (and if it seems loud to me wouldn't it seem loud to the baby as well?
), and I wish it weren't quite so heavy.
It's ok. My 9 months old daughter doesn't seem to like it much at all, but the product is really well made and plays cute music.
Maybe she'll grow into itMy daughter loves this toy.
he is blind and cognitive delays.
this isn't nearly as annoying as most toys.
it only gets annoying bc he bangs on it for hours on end.
All my friends with babies have it.It's a toy providing light entertainment.I'm a trained musician and I disagree with some reviews saying that the quality of the sound is poor.
Trust me, for a toy it's totally fine.
I'm not scared to turn away for 30 seconds.
Item is smaller than I expected, but that is not a bad thing as it makes it easier for little ones to hold/carryThis toy definitely keeps my 7 month old entertained.
The flashing lights are very attractive.
Though I have to say, the sound quality is just so-so, but at least there is enough sounds/songs on there that it does not repeat very often and becomes annoying, so that's all that matters.
I have to say the toy itself is a bit heavy.
I have to knock one star off for volume control, it is entirely too loud and as I can see this has been a complaint before I can't believe they haven't adjusted it.
I was a little put off by the price.
I'm sure as she gets older, she will really enjoy how interactive it is.
Such a cool toy.
Unlike many other toys that make noise, this one is not annoying at all!
It was a great toy, but the battery compartment was hard to take off and put on without breaking it.
One day we brought it to a friend's house, and someone else's kid somehow broke the battery cover in such a way that my attempts to fix it with super glue were futile.
I went back to the secondhand store to find the other one I had seen on my initial visit, but I didn't find it.
I was bummed because I had really liked it!
I came to Amazon to discover that Munchkin now made the music box, but the reviews comparing the old one to the new one kept me from buying it.A little while ago, I decided I still really missed the toy, and I now had another baby who might enjoy it.
The battery compartment cover now has two screws (rather than a screw and a tab that put stress on the cover every time you had to put it back on) plus a pull-out box that contains the three batteries.On the Embryonics version, sometimes the instruments were out of sync.
We had this problem from the start.
It just seemed that one or two instruments were slightly behind the others.
This isn't an orchestra; it's a child's toy.
Do the individual instruments sound like the real thing?
But again, it's a child's toy.
The sound quality does tend to suffer as the batteries start to die, but that's to be expected.
It gets quieter and flatter, like the instruments are slightly out of tune.I'm generally not a big fan of noise-making toys, especially ones that play music because the music tends to be very annoying.
I don't find the music from this box annoying; in fact, it bothered me so little that I sought out this particular toy two years after throwing out the original, broken one.My only complaint is that I wish the box had a lower volume setting.
The music can be a little loud, especially when it's got new batteries.
The older one recognizes the instruments and likes to show his younger brother what they are.Oh, and if you're like me and hesitated to buy this because it's supposedly crappy compared to the Embryonics version, fret not and just order it.
It is quite heavy for her little arms though, so she does get frustrated at times.
!Well built toy!!!
awesome buyThis seems like a great toy for the musically inclined baby, my 5 month old likes looking at the flashing lights and trying to eat it the music doesn't seem too loud to me or out of tune, perhaps that is a defect for the previous reviewer?
However I do agree it is a great book shelf toy too.
He's thrown it a few times already, and it bounced off the hardwood and still works fine.My only qualm with it is that it sounds like the batteries are dying.
Now, he doesn't care, but as a parent who gets to listen to this for seemingly hours when it's his toy of interest, it becomes grating.
I changed out the batteries and it sounded the same.
She happily tapped on the large buttons to hear each instrument and stayed engaged for at least half an hour each time she played with it.
I find myself playing with this toy, as do many of my daughter's young playmates and their parents too!
It's great for adults too because it's classic tunes, not annoying like some of our other toys.
He now plays it himself (13 months).
I do not think he gets he can turn off and on each instrument but I suppose that will come.
That is pretty neat.
The only problem is that there is no volume control.
Batteries last a pretty long time in it.
It seems really tough.
It has withstood some hard knocks.
The corners are rounded and slightly rubbery.
There is an orchestra button on one side that starts a song or switches to another song.
It is clear that the programmers put a lot of thought into creating it.
While it is not the highest quality music, this is a toy that was meant for children and they seem to really enjoy using it.
This is a great toy for infants and toddlers.
When your child touches a side of the cube, it lights up and the instrument starts playing.
Touch a second side, and the second instrument plays in sync with the first one (which is still playing), etc.
If you want to hear everything at once, just hit the orchestra button.3.
Instead each corner is rounded and has yellow, purple, green and red colors.4.
There is an easy on/off switch to conserve battery power when the cube is not in use.5.
As the name indicates, the cube plays music from Mozart.
Our toddler plays and dances to it a lot.
But now he's 6 months and he plays with the cube longer and longer.
It plays one tune with different instruments, and it is too loud for a baby.
I wish I could turn it down.
Thanks to a helpful comment, I did manage to play all the tunes and felt fairly silly not reading the directions beforehand.
I sill stick with my original rating, though.
There are just so many better toys out thereOur little one loves this toy and plays with it over and over again, starting at 4 months and still now (6.5 months).
Recommend buyingMy five month old loves this product.
She uses it to support herself while sitting up and explores the buttons with complete concentration.
Considering most toys only hold her interest for 5-10 minutes, the 15-20 she gets out of this speaks for itself.
The sounds of the instruments is artificial and tinny, but not so much so that I can't stand to hear it.
My only complaint is that it is quite loud, I wish it came with the ability to adjust the volume.
Given the age that a kid outgrows this, you won't have much use for this very longI always read reviews on this website and the Babies R Us site before buying a product.
The music and flashing lights immediately captured his attention and, as he grew, he played with it more and more.
I keep it in his playpen and it's easily his favorite toy (besides his exersaucer and jumperoo).
At that point, they realized they could start and stop the music by hitting at it.
All of a sudden, they took great interest in it.
They could lean forward and balance on the cube while playing at the same time.Now that they have "figured" it out, the toy is a little less appealing.
I am waiting for the next enjoyment phase to kick in when they start noticing and playing with the different instruments.My only complaint, and it is a minor one, is that battery life is shorter than I would have expected.
While not bad, it seems to slow down more quickly than our other battery operated toysI bought this for our grandson for his 1st birthday.
I would recommend itMy 8 month old isn't too impressed with it.
Hopefully when he gets older he will appreciate it moreMy kids enjoy this toy, however it's a little heavy and not easy to turn because the corners are mad of rubber and are a bit sticky on our wooden floor.
The plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside.
While your child is sitting, the fairly cheaply made cushion settles down and your child's butt is now resting on the edge of the hard plastic.
Our daughter would always get up and complain about her butt hurting.
Depending on what kind of toilet seat you have, it also has a tendency to slip around.
I had to put some non-skid pads on the bottom so that it wouldn't fall into the toilet with a toddler's wiggling around.
for the price.
My daughter really wanted a red potty seat, but if I could do it again I would buy her a different brandWe have an elongated toilet and I don't know of anyway to hold this seat in place.
My daughter has trouble sitting back far enough because when she tries to scoot back, the whole seat goes with her.
So when she pees, it gets in between the potty ring and the toilet seat and makes a big messSeat comes off the plastic handle-and-holder.
Guard is useless in my mind since my LO can't climb over it, but otherwise a steal and saved me the trouble of getting a pottyI like the squishiness of the seat, but after my son has been sitting there a while (10 min.
I do like that it's a bendable rubber type material so it has some give when he scooches his behind over it.
This is true - it does fit - but slides to the back of the toilet opening so my son's feet don't reach the stool and he gets scared.
I would put 6 stars if i couldIt fits the toilet seat very well.
Made in USAThis does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around.
It wouldn't dump my kid in or anything, but the slipping might startle a child.
I may see if I can find some sort of anti-slip stickers.
I did not bother with the splash guard, I just threw it out.
It looked flimsy and unnecessary.
He walked around the house with it when we first got it, but as soon as I put it on the toilet and tried to sit him down on it, it was over.
I have 2 complaints: 1.)
I like that the cushion is removable, but it's a little TOO removable- they need to put velcro on the bottom or something (which I plan on doing if my son ever uses it), and 2.)
I don't know if all our toilet seats are weird shaped or it's a design flaw, but I think there's way too much movement of the seat when it's on the toilet.
Part of the problem with my son may be that he's scared of the potty seat's wiggle when it's on the toilet.
Nonetheless, I ended up buying a Fisher Price potty seat that goes on the floor as wellI transitioned my daughter from the potty to the regular toilet.
Day1 I thought she would be scared but she said &#34;Dora&#34;!
And sat on it with no fight.
It is comfy padding (I presume comfy - the padding is quite thick and has some squish to it).
They have a number of children living there and I imagine many of them potty train while they are staying there.
I know how much my nieces and nephews love Dora so I thought this would get used more than a plain potty seatthis is a good toilet ring, but ONLY if you have the smallest, round toilet seats.
we use that for our elongated seats, and this ring for the tiny toilet that's in the hallway.
otherwise this ring - which can not be adjusted to fit - will slide around a lot and feel very unstable when you're trying to toilet trainThe toilet set is nice.
Other reviewers had complained that it did not fit on their toilet seats but I have three different toilets and it works on all three.
The one problem is that it does not have a splash guard.
The packaging says it was supposed to have a splash guard and handle to hang on the toilet handle.
It did not come with either of these and when I contacted the seller she claimed they were not supposed to come with the seat.
According to the packaging and description they were!
This little seat seemed to fit the bill and was cheap enough that I didn't mind buying another seat.Yes, it "fits" elongated toilets.
But there is nothing to keep it from sliding around on the longer toilet seat underneath it - no clamps, no pegs, no rubber feet, nothing!
It needs to be at the front of the toilet seat but it won't stay there.
So I have to be with her to hold it in place so she can climb on.
Not a problem if you are starting out - you need to be with your child - but this is a problem if your child knows how to use the potty and wants to express her independence and "do it herself".Once she is sitting with the seat in the proper place, the biggest complaint starts.
This thing collects pee.
The little pee guard is pointless.
This one just deflects her pee all over the seat, the floor, her pants, her shoes.
In short, a drippy, nasty mess that has to be cleaned every time it is used with extra laundry.
This piece of junk went in the trashThis potty seat fits the toilet fine, and seems comfortable to sit on.
MIght be better suited for girls.
He has to sit just right in order to aim down and not get pee on the seat--I don't think the pee guard is high enough for use with boys.
Also--if he 'aims' just right, pee gets under the seat, causing a mess on the regular toilet seat.
It's easier for him to use it when he isn't wearing anything below the waist--he's better able to get his legs spread further apart for better support and aim.I think this would be better for girls--but someone has to get it right for boysI bought this seat because I (bad mommy) forgot my 2 year old daughter's potty in a hotel while we were on vacation.
She loves that she can take it off and put it on another toilet if need be.
She uses her little step stool to get up on the big potty and she feels like a big girl.
The fact that is Dora is a huge bonus for her.
She uses this every dayReally, how hard can it be to design one of these things?
This fails for two basic reasons:1) It slides backwards on the toilet seat making it unstable and hard for my daughters to sit down.
This is an enormous design flaw.2) The pee guard is basically flush with the seat, so what is its purpose other than to decrease the actual potty-business real estate?
It takes away room for daughters' pee to go down.
And it's not high enough to save my baby boy from getting soaked when my daughter didn't clamp her knees shut tightly enough to prevent her pee from shooting cleanly over the guard and onto baby's head.
The singing duck potty was more expensive, is much harder to clean, is annoyingly loud and wakes up the baby, and there are a lot more spills due to the lack of pee guard.
Highly recommend the froggy potty if you are in the marketNot good quality and didn't fit my toilet.
I suppose its ok as a travel one if you need thatAnother child to potty train and anything they are into to get them to go is where I head and this seems to do the trick.
After sitting on the toilets for chunks of time (waiting :) he got bored so he would pull this out &#8212;not very helpful!
The padded part of the seat lifts up and it gets inserted between the plastic and padding.
I would have preferred it to be permanently attached, but aside from that I am happy with this purchaseThese potty seats sit securely on the toilet.
They are soft and padded for little tushies.
Hard as I try, the grime is still there.
I just can't get in there the clean them.
(ie the all-out free standing elmo potty is too much, LOL, and I want to take advantage of the fact that both are willing to use the big potty with an insert)The reviews about the pee guard on this were so puzzling I had to see it in person before buying it - and it looks TERRIBLE.
It's a very low pee guard.
Basically too low to serve any purpose for a boy, but it's there, and it's high enough that boy or girl I can see them peeing on it and making more of a mess than if it wasn't there.
I actually stood there in the store contemplating if we could cut it out somehow, maybe with a dremmel, but you shouldn't have to make modifications to a potty ring.
It's one of the worst designs I can imagine.
It's like I can kind of see what they were thinking but they should have thought harder.
Even if we were to have marginal success with it, I am pregnant with another boy now, and I refuse to buy something I know he won't be able to use.I am really kicking myself for not replacing my son's potty ring when we lost it, but he was doing well enough without it and I never saw it becoming a hard to find item.
We kept it in our diaper bag.
Now I am in the market for a used potty ringA sticker on the packaging clearly stated that the potty material includes a known cancer causing agent.
I sent it back to Amazon immediately.
My daughter was very disappointed because she loves DoraPurchased this for my Grandson to use at my house.
The doctor recommended that she sits twice a day for ten minutes in a row in the potty, and we decided to buy this toilet seat.Well, two weeks using it and we are finally making progress!!
We were using the potty before, but I thought if we were going to train her for good, it was better to train her in the toilet.
We've never had any fit problems.The problem is the design.
Pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there.
Even if you clean it regularly, it smells NASTY.
If you forget to clean it, next time you pick it up, the nasty pee drips everywhere.I am in the process of ordering a different one so that I can get rid of this one.
He will sit on that seat all day if you let him.
It just rests in the hole of the toilet seat and slides around a bit.
When lifting my daughter off of the seat, her legs stick to it, it goes up with her and then falls back onto the toilet.
She isn't scared too much by that since it is lightweight, but I would think that to be terrifying for a 23 month old just starting to use a big, scary toilet.It seems comfortable enough and my daughter was willing to sit on it for about 5 minutes straight on the first try.
Something I hadn't thought of!Being as lightweight as it is, it's easy for myself or even my daughter (once she learns how) to put it on the toilet very easily.I really do not want a separate potty seat to have to clean so was looking for something like this.Overall, serves its purpose for the low price I paid for it.In hindsight, I would have just payed double this price for the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer (29.99 with free shipping here on amazon.com!)
that adjusts to fit ALL toilet seats snugly.
The reviews were raving on that one!Good luck fellow potty trainersI ordered this product because it was advertised to have a built-in splash shield, which many don't.
I specifically researched and looked for one with that for my little girl.
However, the actual product does not have one.
Because it is not like a big stuffed animal (long and thin) it was very easy for my 4 month old to hug and hold.
He's almost 6 months now and can focus on one area or another...it is still big for him.
my 2 year old niece visited and latched onto it and began imagination playI think there was so much written about this that my head probably over rated it and now I'm discontent.
My kids doesn't even look at it unless I'm on all fours like a dog and carrying it in my mouth.
But, really, I don't think he's looking at the worm at all but thinking, &#34;Mommy has gone bow wow wow crazy.&#34; It's soft and not even cute.
If what you see on the screen isn't making you scream and yell, it'll probably get the same reaction.
You want more, prepare to crawl and barkThis little worm has been great for my little one.
On amazon the price is right as wellWe received this product and our little one really likes all the colors and the squeaking noise but I'm not sure where the &#34;crinkle&#34; part comes from because our product must be defective.
The only problem was we have baseboards and couldn't use the template.
SO I simply measure 3 inches off the floor and then marked the holes to drill and folded the template to get the upper holes marked.
We did however have a lot of wall damage due to the fact that this was installed on the metal corner protectors under the drywall and a lot of the joint compound fell off due to disturbing it.
Both rails the upper and lower fit about 1 1/2 inch into a metal seat.
I don't agree w/ the other reviewers that said the lower rail pops out, I'm sure if it was installed WRONG.
Just make sure to measure properly and make sure things are even, level and line up and there is NO way the rail is going to pop out!
Fortunately, there are no vertical bars, just horizontal, so climbing it would be a little difficult.
I think that platform was meant for extra sturdiness, but I saw it as an accident waiting to happen.
Another nice feature about this is that you can just slip the gate out of its brackets to remove it if you are having a party or have to run up and down the stairs without needing to swing the gate out of your way.
Overall, we are very pleased and would buy this gate again if we had toThis gate could have easily been 5 stars, but there are a few points that need mention, where the gate needs some improvement.
Way to go 'Evenflo'!
Thus, I wasn't able to get the latch receptacle to clear the molding in order to screw in the bottom screw.
I had to thus cut (with a hacksaw) that portion of the latch receptacle, and 'modify' it for my installation.
I then was only able to use 1 screw (although a larger and longer one than provided), instead of 2, to install the bottom latch receptacle.
Thankfully, even just the modified 1 screw installation was very tight and secure going into the door jam wood.
'Evenflo' should provide the consumer with at least another type of bottom latch receptacle that allows for better clearance of molding near the floor.
Of course, the aforementioned 'latch receptacle' install challenge may not even apply to you for your installation, especially if you don't have floor baseboard molding.
These gates are meant to be used WITH proper supervision, and never as a replacement forMy 18 month old cannot break this no matter how hard she tries.
And she has broken pretty much everything else that she can get her hands on.
I drilled mine to the door posts because I didn't want to take any chances with my little one.
It keeps our 100 lb dog out of the cat litter, and it will keep our 6 mo old boy out, too, once he can crawl and walk.
They took a little time to install (it was a snap the second time around), and they are as sturdy and secure as you can get.
We know it's not going anywhere.
The gate's design ensures that little climbers will not be able to get a lift.
I feel like I could even sit on that gate, and it's no going to budge.When we have guests over, they have trouble opening it, because you have to squeeze really hard, but I like that I have to squeeze really hard... it keeps my child who is now a clever 3.5 year old from being able to open it do this dayI hate this gate and quality is typical of evenflo.
If I had noticed it was evenflo, I wouuld not have wasted my time.
It was a pain to install.
Then, when it's unlocked, it slides for adjustment.
We put a screw into the wood so it would slide just a little to help prevent that.
Not to mention broken bones.
The wood is so flimsy it just twist every which way.As far as function goes, when you go to unlock it, sometimes it will not unhook out of the slot.
We have had this gate for a couple of months.
My 2 yrold can almost squeeze out by pushing on it which has lead to her getting stuck when I made a bathroom break.
Evenflo just needs to stop.
Every product I have had has been crap.
I am afraid to buy their carseats.
We plan to replace within the next couple of paychecksI actually love having this gate at the BOTTOM of our stairs!
With hard tile at the bottom of the stairs, a tumble would be bad.
The wall-mounted parts are very small and hardly noticeable when the gate is stored away.
Within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates.
This left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up (which of course we didn'tThe Walk-Through Stair Gate is one of the less expensive gates I found when searching for a stair gate.
The same problem arises when closing.
I have found that the metal gates work much better than the wood ones, not only from experience at my house, but at other friends as well.
I love that it slides to the side as well as opens.
Was a breeze to install and I feel really safe with the fact that it is a really great hardware mount.
It now slides smoothly without pinching our hands.
Some further negatives I found is that the latch is loud, and it's also difficult for grandma to open and close because she has arthritis in her hands.
And with it being difficult for her to do, she tries repeatedly and the noise is very loud and annoying.
So, if you have your mom at your house a lot, get something easier.
It will save a lot of frustration - for both of you!-----I've had this installed for a little over a week and have seriously pinched my skin twice on it.
The sliding movement is quite stiff and hard to do.
My hand got pinched under that metal part and I thought to myself that I need to be more careful.
When we've got screaming kids and rain coming through the windows, the last thing we should have to worry about is hurting ourselves on a SAFETY gate!!
I dont' mean to beat a dead horse, but seriously, that's not good.
The pinch I got today was major painful - I've got a blood blister that's almost half an inch longOur house is a front to back split.
I had to climb over that at least 100 times a day!
I was always concerned my daughter would fall down the steps if the gate gave way because she would pull herself up on it.
However I give it only 3 stars because the background is small and very flimsy, and the set really smells bad.
Every time we open the box there is a very strong unpleasant plastic smell coming from inside the box.
Not sure if it's the box it's-self or the contents.
I thought I would air it out a bit so I left the lid off over night, but when I entered the room in the morning the whole room smelled terrible from it.
I really don't like the idea of my kid inhaling the fumes of some unknown plastic chemicals each time he opens the set so it now stays open and stored in the garage.
The mat is pretty small, but cute (it's just a plastic sheet), and the assortment of dinosaurs is adequate.
This was a surprise because A- she's the most feminine child ever, and B- I had long since finished my Christmas shopping and wasn't planning on buying another thing.
This toy got my attention because it was a whole host of dinosaurs with a mat for them to &#34;play&#34; on.
And the dinosaurs are such high quality, I know my ten month old son will be enjoying it in no timeSo the container they come in is a little hard to open and close for small children but no less the fact that it comes in it's own organizational container is very pleasing.
They are made of hard durable plastic.
I think they are slightly expensive for what they are you can buy similar products at the dollar store but those products like the educational value of these ones.
He doesn't have much use for the plastic play mat or the rocks, but plays a lot with the dinos and treesMy son loves to play "dino world" just about every day!!
The tub is great for storing the set & theres plenty of room for more things.
We keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.
The mat it comes with is kind of a joke , lasting maybe one day.
But that's no reason to not buy this.Like others, we purchased thise elsewhere for MUCH less than the 60-something Amazon is currently selling it2 stars for bad marketing & items missing.
This review is for product misrepresentation.-- Only received 1 out of 2 volcanoes.-- Image provided with the expressive boy in red shirt is completely misleading.
There is no "play mat," but rather a thin piece of rectangular plastic that is more like an over-size disposable place-mat.
Only large enough for half the pieces.
The scene is completely different from that image.
The real image has none of the detail.-- "Rocks" are completely useless three-sided thin pieces of grey sides, thus no bottoms and sometimes missing a side altogether.
I would prefer more dinosaurs and less rocks, but oh well.
The play mat is actually pretty cheap, but my son doesn't seem to care.
It is made of really thin plastic and doesn't stay open all the way since it has been folded.
I was worried that they were going to be kind of small, but they are a perfect sizeThe tub of dinosaurs and trees are pretty cool and abundant.
For some reason i thought the floor lay out jungle would be something more than cheap plastic similar to a disposable childs bibAs I am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since I had it at the top of the closet.
The quality of the mat is awful, but you really don't need the mat for this setMy daughter is now 7 months old and loves this.
I would reccomend this to everyone with young children.
he could spend HOURS in this.
we have a concrete steps walkway and he couldnt go down it and hurt himself, something i was not expecting but very useful!
this never frustrated him and i could get a lot done because i didnt have to watch him like a hawk.my son played with this till he was a little over 2 so we got a TON of miles out of it.
he still found it fun at such an older age because he would get a running start in it, then lift his legs for fast back and fourth travel around the house.
It is made like an exersaucer rather than having "x" bars to go up and down, and one of the back legs won't stay in position.
While it could be an isolated issue, the plastic seems more flimsy than it should be.
Also, only the front wheels swivel which I didn't think was a big deal, but it does seem to hinder my son from going in any direction he wants at a given timeMy daughter is 12 months today.
OF COURSE, I wouldn't leave her alone in it.
The main reason I bought this one is, reviews on that one were mostly displeased with how hard it was to turn.
My girl spins in circles, even on the carpet and on our wood deck!Yes, it is bulky, but have you seen a walker that's not?
They have to be so that they can't be tipped over!
The only problem I have with it is... there is not a volume switch.
It is not too loud, but when you've had a rough day and have a nice headache to prove it - keep them away from this toyThe Tot Wheels Activity Center is a good walker for the money.
The price we found to be very comparable to other walkers.
We really didn't notice any pros or cons to this particular walker over others.The main problem that we've run into with both of our daughters is the fact that that they really enjoyed the toys for about 1 month at the maximum.
After that they got bored and soon started fussing to get out and roll around on the floor.Our first daughter used the walker part of it for almost a week before again getting tired of it as the fact is, something along these lines is just too tough for a little one to control by themselves.
If you can imagine pushing a shopping cart that wants to go it's own way that's the way it is with the walker.
It's too big and bulky for them to easily steer not to mention the fact that little ones often don't realize what steering is.
Very loose.
It rolls well on carpet tile and pavement.I love the fact that it has the removeable noise making device with an ON/OFF switch.
It can get dirty on the tray under the noise device too.My 4 mo.
When I go to the gym, I throw it in the back of the truck.
He lets me run on the treadmill for an hour when he's in it.
My only complaint is the rear wheels are difficult to roll.
This sometimes made for difficult maneuvering for my daughter.
Overall, it is not a bad walker and I do plan on using it for my next baby due in January only because I do not want to purchase another one.
There are better walkers out thereAs the mother of six grown children, I realize the importance of a playpen when babies start to explore their environment...we can't watch them every moment.
It is a great size too.The only improvement I could even imagine would be more padding on the padGood size (36 x 36), durable, sturdy.
When I put my four month old down inside it he looked around then looked up at me and smiled, I kid you not.
The only complaint I have is that the description here on Amazon says that the play yard is 38x38.
I only paid $49.00 because I have the Amazon credit card and get reward certificates to use towards products, so between that and the free shipping I got a GREAT BUY for a GREAT PRODUCT.
My 10 mo old grandson seems to like to play in it.
It may to be obvious at first, but each of the walls has a bug with some functions.
It was a difficult first baby shots day and he was hurting on both legs.
I'll positively be backI had a rectangular GRACO before, with all the bells and whistles, which I returned because the changing table couldn't hold the baby's weight.
It is just harder to find sheets but you can find them here at amazon.
Easy to set up.
I love how much room it has compared to the standard size pack and plays.Like the other pack and plays this is easy to fold up and store against the wall.
I hav to do so every night since I live in a smaller house and have a cat that might like to jump in it while we are sleeping and make it his new nap spot.The colors are vibrant and have kept my now 13 month old interested and intrigued.
It is a generous size without taking up too much room on the floor.
She has fallen asleep in it many times.Not recommended but I have sat in it with her and it is very sturdy, It is very level.
He cries whenever I put him in.
What I do not like is that it lacks cushion.
It is hard, not soft that I'm afraid when my baby rolls over, e would hurt himself.
Mat wipes clean and doesn't absorb fluids (pee, drool, drinks; you just wipe them up, don't need to wait for mat to dry or anything).
I think it's rated up to 30lbs (or when the child can climb out, of course).Potential drawbacks:-Takes up lots of floor space (worth it to me for the extra crawling room).-It has built in noise-making toys on walls: a crinkle wing butterfly & a rattle bumblebee.
Neither are very loud, but still, they aren't detachable & might bother some people.
It also has a louder squeaky toy built into the ladybug on one side but I don't think a child could squeak it on their own; in fact my preschooler knows how and isn't strong enough to compress it enough to produce a squeak.
Apart from the four corner feet, there are four support feet (for a total of 8 feet) and no wheels on any of them.
(But many of the wheeled playpens are so difficult to navigate that you don't move them much either.
I think it also comes in black, though.
The black one may not have the noise-making built-ins, I'm not sure.None of the potential drawbacks bothered me much, but they were a bit of a surprise.
As a bonus it comes in a large box AKA "toy" for other youngsters.
The high walls keep him from climbing out, the extra supporting legs handle it when he jumps, falls or flops down with all his might.
It is just so nice to have a play pen big enough for him to actually PLAY inI love this pack n' play.
What a waste.
My mom bought one for her house and after I saw how much my son liked it I immediately went out and bought one for myself.
Also, it is a lot bigger than most of the other pack n' plays and will come in really handy for holding toys when my son gets a little older.
I find this shape to be less confining than the usual playpens now available that are basically the same thing as putting the baby in a bed.Playpens weren't this cute back then, but every bit as handy.
This unit is well built, stable, portable, and easy to fold (once you get the hang of it, it's not exactly intuitive).How could it be better?
Our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking.
We bought a Graco Travel Lite portacrib for my daughter when she was three months old for traveling with and while it was great when we could use it as a bassinet, as soon as we put her down in the crib section she HATED it (tough "mattress", very small - but exceptionally light &lt;20 lbs).We usually stay somewhere that has a crib, but if we took a car trip I would definitely bring this with both for sleeping and playing.I agree with the other reviewers that I wish this came with a sheet (or that Graco even made a sheet for this).
That being said, it only took me about 10 minutes to make a fitted sheet for this on my sewing machine (it looks something like a large European pillow caseI researched what I wanted in the way of a fun playpen for when my grandchildren visit.
ThanksJust got this playpen a few days ago.
Set it up without instructions in under 2 minutes, and I'm 6 months pregnant which makes some things a challenge.
I like that because she did fall backwards once in her gym (placed on the carpet) and was very upset.
With this I know if she falls back she won't get hurt.
Great purchaselet me state at the onset that this pack n play was a little above my price range.
I was hoping to pay for something around $75 at the most.
I had a pack n play from graco with the changing table attached.
I basically have it solely for that purpose - the changing table.
I read numerous reviews on Amazon on several pack n plays.
I kept coming back to this one mostly b/c of the bright colors.
I'm a single mom and have absolutely no patience for something that is complicated.
My mom and I put the graco pack n play with the changing table together and it was very difficult.
I think it took over an hour to put together with another person.
I took the totbloc pack n play out of the box and had it together within 2 minutes.
The bottom is fairly quilted and I don't think she will have a problem with napping in it.
I'm sure we will be using this for a long timeLove it!
Baby gets plenty of entertainment and the product is big enough for him to really move aroundPerfect, i love the fact it is bigger then the pack and plays but folds up just like a pack and play.
Awesome toysSet up takes less than a minute and great as a portable playard.
So he definately doesn't mind.
I got it for my husband who is a Penn State grad and there is more than an attachment to his alma mater with this one.
Our baby slept and played in it during our 3 day trip, I was able to move it around the house were we stayed with no problem.
The mat seems to be a little thin but a couple of blankets wrapped around it made it seem much more comfortable to sleep in it.
Because is larger than the average our baby was very comfortable and had plenty of room to move around, the downside is that it makes it a little heavy, not a big deal unless you're planning to hike mount Everest with it.
Disassembling it was a breeze and packing it was pretty straight forward.
She said they are really rough in it at the same time and nothing is wrong with it at all.
I took Clorox Spray anywhere and cleaned the mat, the bugs & the top rails.
It wiped right off & the fabric wasn't even wet, it is sort of water resistant.I started putting both my twins in here before they could sit up on their own.
I think we'll be able to use this for a long time.
My 10 month old thinks it's a prison.
She will tolerate it for about 10-15 minutes at a time, which is fine because it buys me some time where I don't have to worry about her safety.
I think she found all of the characters at the bottom to be frightening, but she was fine after I put the sheet on.
I'd hoped she'd grow to spend more time in the playpen, but tolerates it less and less as she becomes more mobileThis is a great for play.
I really like the built-in toys and bright colors.However, I bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.
I am happy with itWe were quite excited to find this product - thought it was like the type of playpen from 20 years ago to use for a child.
I use their other Graco Pack and Play as storage for their toys since it seems a little too small for 2 kids.Although the bright colors are fun for kids, I'd like to see more neutral versions of this so it doesn't stick out so much in my living roomFantastic product.
The sun has a mirror (plastic kind that sort of warps images), the butterfly has crinkly wings (fabric with plastic inside for noise), another side has a bug with wings inside and the final side has a squeaker (which is really hard to use).It's all one piece so no &#34;assembly&#34; ever required.
The ground mat that the child sits on servers as the exterior of the case that holds the pole-assembly together when folded up.
And there's a light-plastic zipper bag with handle that serves as a carrying case.
I kept trying to squeeze it but there is a button on the underside that has to be pushed up into the handle.
This pack n' play feels plenty sturdy to me.
We used this as a place to stash twin babies at home when they were too small for bouncy chairs and swings and such.
We also use it as a pack n' play when traveling for them to sleep in.
I wish it was just a bit smaller when folded, as I thought it would fit on the floor of the passenger seat, but it has to go in the trunkReally the best product for the kid .
Soft and hard enough at the same time.
WOnderful colors, great toys ...Love it till every little bit of itI have been looking for the play yard that I had for my children.
The other pack and plays are too small.
No one would ship to Hawaii.
When, I saw it on Amazon.
I was amazed and decided to try to order it.
I was really shocked as I was going through checkout.
And, amazingly they were letting me order it.
The shipping was really cheap.
My grandson was put in there immediately to see his reaction.
And, of course shipping it to me.
I am going to order one more.
Just totally LOVE itI was able to pull this out of the box and put it together and less than a minute.
My 8 month old played in there last night and scooted his bottom around in there and played with the toys for about an hour.
This is a larger playpen that would be hard to move from room to room.
IT is 3 feet by 3 feet w/ no wheels on the bottom.
That was a nice little surprise.
I sort of fixed that by putting something under the center leg.
I emailed the company and asked them about chemical fire retardants.
I don't know if anyone cares, but the foam mattress IS treated with chemicals - chlorinated tris.
It was banned in baby clothes by the FDA, and is banned in Europe because it's cancerous.
I'll be buying a Joovy, they don't use chemical fire retardants.
That was actually the biggest drawback for meAlthough this isn't the lightest thing to carry, it is very serviceable!
Ever since I purchased this play pen for my grandson, it has been used every weekday.
It goes up about 8 a.m. and down about 4:30 p.m.
Also, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to set it up or take it down.
My grandson looks at it and want to jump from my arms inside of the pan.4.
My daughter has another one, not Graco, that is half of the size.
I called Graco to confirm that it is indeed treated with fire retardants.
Why would you let your child play, let alone sleep in this toxic chemical stew.
I called Joovy about their Room2 Playard.
It's the same size but quite a bit more expensive.
The butterfly's wings are also extended inside the playpen and they offer the sound of paper being crinkled.
The ladybug has a squeak toy inside its body to create its own unique sound and the sun has a mirror for a child's enjoyment.
Once the pad has been wrapped, the entire unit then slips into a plastic bag with a zipper to keep it shut.
This is simple enough, but I have noticed that this pack and play weighs a little more than others and it is also a little more awkward to remove and set up.
But this is only a minor inconvenience because it can still be set up with little effort.With all of the stimulation offered with this playpen, there is one possible disadvantage: It could keep your child from falling asleep.
If your goal for buying this playpen is strictly to have a place for your youngster to play, then the added stimulation will be an asset.
But if you want to place your child in the playpen for a quick nap, you might have some difficulty due to the attention- grabbing colors and interactive toys.
Everything goes into his mouth - dust bunnies, little scraps of paper my other two kids overlooked when they cleaned up after playing with paper, anything.
I'm worried he will eventually find a little toy like a Squinkie, or something will fall off of a counter, and he will get it.
He also pulls the kitchen chairs over on him, so we have them bungie corded to the table legs.
Now that he crawls and cruises he is not content in his excersaucer for more than a couple of minutes.
He would much rather play UNDER the excersaucer.
One crinkles when it is touched and another is a mirror.
And their floor is not clean enough for a baby to crawl on.The playpen sets up and folds down just like the smaller Pack and Plays.
It is essentially the same thing.
All pros and no cons on this.
It was so simple to assemble, it took only about 3 minutes from box to being put up, and some of that time was to remove the tags.
Only three parts, just the frame, the folding padded floor, and the carrying bag.
It is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.
You can purchase sheets for sleeping, but you won't need extra padding or an extra mattress, it's soft enough.
He was plaing in the play pen wiggling his legs against the walls of the play pen.
Apparently the walls in the play pen are made from a very rough netting and scrubbed the skin off my babies toes.
At first I couldn't understand why he had blood on his toes but then we noticed blood lines on the white netting.
My only gripe is if the baby were to puke on the mat there's no way to wash the entire thing, just spot clean.
To solve this problem one has to buy a covering/sheet to cover the playpen surface.
Sheets are hard to find, and expensive to purchase and ship.
Directions very easy to follow and took only minutes to assemble.
The size and height of this product is just perfect.
Large play area inside.
This product has held up to alot of use for over a year and still looks new!
It came with a reusable bag to store it in and make for easy carry in car.
Also, we found no safety issues w/this product.
I did alot of research before choosing this product and this one meets our high standards.
It is bright, well made and sturdy but the reason I gave it 3 stars is that it has a terrible slope toward the center.
One time she rolled to the center placing her head lower than her feet.
This scared me so I feel we can only use it when we are sitting right beside the playpen watching her.
thank you, it is a great itemLOVE this pack n play!!
It is very large compared to standard pack n plays and the bright colors are refreshing rather than the normal drab colors.
It's very easy to put up and take downI fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn Baby.
We got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home.
When I put him in other play yards we have, he won't stay in it long and wants to come out right away, but when we put him in this play yard he is completely distracted and has fun playing in it with his other toys.
It is a decent size and the quality seems fine, so it should last awhile.
For play time, it's greatI love this product in all respects, except for the four paneled padded flooring.The design of it tends to not lay flat, once you put a sheet or a cover on it.This is a real flaw in the design.
It is a little heavy, but they all are to me.
I wanted something that could be both a place to sleep and a place to play.
He is so comfortable that when he is done playing and tired he will put his head down to sleep.
He loves the rattle butterfly and the crinkle butterfly.
He plays with the toys on the pack n play more then the toys in the pack in play.
Before buying this pack n play we borrowed my brothers.
And take down, you prayed before you start that all the pieces snap apart and it will take you less then 20 minutes.
With this pack n play it takes a minute, parts snap and unsnap quickly it is the true pack n play.
The padding on the bottom of the pack n play is thicker then others I have seen.
It is larger then other pack n plays so you will have a hard time finding bedding and sheets that fit it properlyThis is large enough for a bigger baby which is why I bought it.
I ended up buying them both for my twins and here is the comparison.Ease of setup--they both take about a minute to put up.
The padding is not as thick feeling as the graco, but the pad itself is more water and stain proof of a material than the graco.
Even though it's not as padded feeling it feels sturdier.
The graco has built in toys on each side of the mesh; whereas the Delta has the animals printed on the mesh.Price--the graco is more expensive than the Delta.All in all they are both nice.
I think the better one depends on what you are planning on using it for.
If it's going to be up all the time at your house or daycare, etc.
then I would go for the Graco because it is much lighter to lug around, and has built in toys so if you forget to bring some there is still toys for baby to play with.
And we love how it has more room than most that are from the stores where we liveI actually called up Graco to ask if the hard surface on the bottom was safe for a toddler to bump his head against as he's trying to walk & move around.
I have purchased a few pack n plays rectangular and a few of these square playpens.
You would think they are the same, but they are not.
The pack n plays are great for naps, (I would say 18 months and younger), and easy to transport and some come with a bassinet for babies.
Easy to set up, take down.
Perfect for when you need to get something done.
The 18 month child seems perfectly content playing and falling asleep in it, whereas the pack n play, he hated it.
Couldn't stand up without falling down.Gives you the much needed break so you can get things done.
Since this is for short terms during the day and I give him some toys, he doesn't mind it.
Then I put him in a portable crib for sleeping.
In my honest opinion, the square playpen is much better for him and safer than the portable crib, but foster services states you have to have a crib, not playard for sleeping.
It is a little heavier than the pack n plays rectangular.
But it does pack up the same as the pack n plays, and you could transport it to a grandparents house, or babysitter, or the park.
Just a little heavier and larger than the pack n plays.
In my opinion, works better than using those portable plastic pens.
I tried that, didn't last long.
Wouldn't go back to that, and have no problems recommending these square playpens.The ones I purchased came with a thick padded mat.
However, I guess you could add padding underneath if you needed to.This is perfect if you wanted something for a grandparents house, it could be used for play or sleeping and then easily stored away taking little room.
These square ones do not have wheels, so if you needed something really portable, you might want the rectangular.
If you are using for both play and sleep, I would suggest limiting the time the child is in the pen, so they see that as more of a rest area than confinementHighly recommend this to all parents with Infant and Toddlers.
We also made an extra padding cushion so it would be comfortable for our son to sleep in.
But I already have another pack and play and I read it was big and cost 100 dollars so I placed it on my private wish list.
We haven't traveled with it so can't comment on the transportability.
That being said, this pack n play stinks as a napping or travel crib.
It's large, bulky, the foam bottom is thin and not very comfy for baby to sleep on, and there is no mattress option for a pack n play this size!
Every time she rolled around, it would make the rattle toy attached to the walls of the pack n play move.
It actually woke her up, and it was a long night.
I wouldn't recommend this for anyone wanting this to double as a napping crib.If I had to do it all over again, I would have gone with the Joovy like I originally plannedI'm an older mom (40+) who did a lot of babysitting as a teen and remembers what big, square playpens used to be like...not the cramped, rectangular things everyone has now.
It's such a good deal for the money.
takes literally 30 seconds!
great value for money too.
we were intitally given a second-hand one (used at our home business) and loved it so much we bought a second one for home.reason for only 4 stars - i just wish the floor had a little more padding.
but after researching, this is the best play yard i could findLove this playpen.
Theirs is about half the size and seems almost as heavy.-The square shape on the TotBloc is nice, too because he can move around a bit in there and actually get somewhere instead of just rolling over once and hitting the end.-There is no listed weight limit on this, only a height limit.
The squeek is really hard to press so I often hold my hand on one side of the pen for stability and press on the other side but that is only an extra feature so I'm not really disappointed.
My son crawls around like crazy.
He hangs out and plays or stands up and (tries) to talk to me.
I don't keep him in here for a long period of time because I feel that he needs to be a kid and crawl around too.
I took it to the park with me.
It's a "must have".
There are sheets for this square play yard to purchase separately, but they aren't all that cheap and sheets themselves are not waterproof.
So if your baby soils through his diaper onto the mattress, or your toddler has a barf-fest, good luck trying to get that smell out.
Poop and puke requires the washer.
Easy set up and seems sturdy, well constructed.Love GracoWe bought it last week and it was so easy to set up - I only looked at the help on the back of the mat once when I could not figure out why the fourth rail would not lock - turned out they do not lock if the floor is all the way back.
At 7,5 months old, he enjoys up to an hour in it playing there on his own (he is not really crawling yet but learned to sit up on his own and can roll around it to reach toys and wings on the side panels.
We have a sizable great room, which is child-proofed and gated off from the rest of the house.
We had a regular pack-n-play, but it seemed cramped.
It's roomy enough for him to spread out with a few books or toys, and entertain himself for long enough that we can put away groceries, cook a meal, or do a load of dishes.
Its mesh walls give nice breeze while my little one was sleeping.
Easy to put up and take down.
Nice and roomy, she doesn't mind going in to play.
It's large - about 38in square so you'll need some room to place it.
A very neat idea.
Why oh why do they not make the fabric removable - do they not know that kids make a MESS ???
How is one supposed to remove spit-up and drool (and possibly worse!
That in itself is not so much of an issue as the fact that when it's placed inside the playpen, it 'dips' in the middle - by about 1/2in.
The centre strut /leg that holds the pad sems to be lower than the other legs causing a dip in the middle (and yes it's on a flat surface).
It was the one with a changing table and bassinet.
I recommend this product.
(You remember, the massive wooden ones Moms would schlep from house to beach to park?)
So looking for roomy containment plus the convenience of a portable play yard, there was only one viable candidate: the Graco PackNPlay Bugs.
There's room enough for my 7-month-old and a hundred toys, it folds easily into its shoulder bag, cleans up in a snap and the price is great.
I wanted something large and that I could travel with for her to sleep in.
I think for the price this is well made.
When my son was a little baby, we pulled out the mat and hooked up the toy dangler and he was amazed for hours.
My son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along.
It also saved us the money of having to rent a crib at the hotel.
Highly recommendAfter our son discovered yet another non-child-friendly item on the floor of our home and hoarded it in his mouth for hours (unbeknownst to us), my wife and I decided we wanted another prison--I mean "play yard"--for our son to roam around in because apparently we're terrible at the whole concept of baby-proofing.So I found this item on Amazon and, through my sleeplessness, thought the dimensions were 9' x 9'--sounded like a steal for $90.
We ordered this one and I was a bit dismayed when the box showed up and it turned out to be another pack n' play.
Like probably most other parents, we already have the obligatory pack n' play.
I told my wife and she was more than a bit dismayed: another pack n' play she did not want.
Here's why it's ten times better than your average pack n' play:1.
The colors are so vibrant--reds, blue, green, yellow--as opposed to the muted colors you often see on a pack n' play.2.
Although the mirror is not the fanciest mirror I've ever seen, it keeps our budding narcissist fascinated for minutes at a time.3.
It's sturdier than any pack n' play I've seen, and the walls don't budge when he stands up in it, but it's also squishy enough to withstand falls.
Perhaps he caught his reflection on the way down.4.
Though not 9' x 9', it's bigger than any pack n' play I've ever seen.
(Note: I've heard this can cause problems if you're using it for sleep, because it can be harder to find sheets that fit, though apparently you can find people who make special square sheets instead of the standard rectangular sheets.)5.
So although I don't think you need TWO pack n' plays, I'm not too sad that I made the reading error and ordered this one by mistake, because this particular pack n' play is awesome.To sum it up, if you're going to buy one pack 'n play, buy this one, because it's the clear winnerThis is a great product for both Non-breastfed and breastfed (suggest use after about a month so baby is used to nursing and milk supply is established) babies.
The nipples are a little larger than some babies may prefer but are closer to the breast than most other bottles.
Plus the disposable liners make cleaning so much easier and faster.
I love the way the cap compresses the nipple so you can be sure there will be no accidents while mixing formula, except for the orthodontic nipple which has the little hole on one side, but we don't really use that one, so it doesn't matter to us.That being said, I must warn you IT DOES NOT COME WITH THE EASY-FEED BOTTLE like the description says and that's the main reason I got this set, otherwise I would've gotten the prettier ones.
:cI like these bottles better than the Premium Nursers.
They don't break as easily when dropped (or thrown!)2.
So far we have not used the 8-oz bottles but maybe in the future.
Nothing else has ever done better and these are less hassle in the cleaning area and while you have to keep buying the inserts,they are affordable,I bought the others but they are just ideasMD's helped develop, doesn't mean they work as well, 'cuz they don't!!
!I'd go with Playtex every timeI like these smartly-designed bottles a lot.
They have reduced my son's colic and gas discomforts dramatically by reducing the amount of air he takes in while feeding.
The Original Nursers are made from polypropylene, which is a BPA-free plastic.
Unlike some other corporations in the baby products industry, Playtex Baby is serious about customer support.
I have called the customer service number several times now and have gotten to talk to a knowledgeable person in every instance.
They sell trial bottles for under $4 that come with either a latex or silicone nipple and 5 drop-in liners.
Unfortunately, the trial bottles that come with silicone nipples are the premium nursers, which are made from polycarbonate, a non-BPA-free plastic (this isn't necessarily a deal breaker for me because the milk never comes into contact with the polycarbonateMy 6 week old hated bottles until these came in.
I love how easily I can store unfinished breast milk.
and exclusively breastfed.
I pumped my milk so dad could feed her when I was at work or college.
NEVER had any problem between bottlefeeding and breastfeeding - no nipple confusion, etc.
Gas wasn't a big problem either.
They are so easy to clean - no scrubbing the bottle just drop in liners.
Just have to clean the base/nipple/ring, but super easy and used to throw in the dishwasher.
Easy to store breastmilk in liners or bags and just pop them in the bottle after thawing.
Quick cleanup, quick fill up.
However, I did not realize (being a new mom) that this was a sample kit with various nipples (one of each) for older and newer babies, teething babies, nipples that helped encourage latching of the breast and nipples that just plain resembled the breast.I actually would recommend that if you're a first time mom, register for this box and also pick out (seperately) two 4 oz bottles with 'slow-flow silicone' nipples for younger babies and two 4 oz bottles with 'slow-flow rubber' nipples for younger babies.First test the silicone on your little one and if your baby does not like it, does not latch on well or has a problem with silicone, try her on the rubber nipples.
After that, you'll know which nipples your baby will need and can purchase more *nipples* to go with the rest of the bottles in your kit.I would suggest you do not use the nipples that come with the kit at all... new babies should either be on silicone or rubber slow-flow nipples for younger babies.
Once you've found the typle of material he/she prefers - stick with it.
I wish Playtex wasn't phasing out these bottles because they feel much sturdier than their Premium counterpartsI've used these bottles since my sons were born.-I love the fact that they are extremely easy to clean and the liners are very convenient.
(but are getting expensive.)
I would use these bottles up until you need to make 8oz of formula.
*If you use powder formula - the drop-in liners DO NOT hold 8oz of water and the formula you add to it!!
I had a mess of formula everywhereI'm so glad I chose the Playtex drop-ins system.
I pump directly into the liners using the playtex storage set and freeze.
Then I can just thaw and pop the liner onto the bottle holder and screw on the nipple.
Now I know why!!!!
I've only had to wash the bottles or rings when I've accidentally gotten the formula on them.
My only complaint is the "leak proof" lid.
Bag wasn't jostled or knocked around or anything & the bottle totally leaked.
Still, I wouldn't use any other bottleGreat set, but you'll need more nipples.
I don't have a single complaint about them.
They do leak in the diaper bag when not kept upright, but I store mine upright, so that's a non-issueWhen I bought this system, I was concerned if it would be compatible with the pump I chose (Ameda Purely Yours Ultra).
The answer is - only if you also buy the Playtex Breast Milk Storage Kit.
You can't pump into these, which is a bit of a hassle, but it's not too bad.
My problem with the bottle is that the bags don't stay in.
The ring doesn't hold the bag in, so when I went to feed the baby, he ended up soaked.
Needless to say, bottle feeding that day was a disaster.
If the bag would stay in, I'd say I really liked these.
Unfortunately, I haven't had one bag stay in yetMy daughter wasn't drinking out of the bottle.
Its soft and is the most like a breast.
But I didn't know why she wouldn't drink the bottle until I smelled the milk.
It had gone bad.
With the pump adapter that comes in the storage kits, you can pump directly into the liners.I do have a few complaints about these bottles, though:!)
If you're really anal, just pump into a regular bottle and transfer to drop-in liner.3) Although convenient, the disposable liners do create a lot of waste.
This would be my biggest complaint.Overall, happy with product because of the convenienceNot a bad price for all of the items included.
I wish they gave more nipples though.
The ones we chose to try were:-Dr. Brown's BPA Free Polypropylene Natural Flow Wide Neck Bottle-Philips AVENT BPA Free Classic Bottles- ThesePlaytex, although in concept very appealing, we did not like because due to their design/material it is hard to get out all of the milk and so some of it always gets wasted.
Also, it is very challenging to measure out exact amounts as the numbers and gradations on the dropins is hard to see.
We stopped using these very quickly.
Although, if you are using formula that is less viscous than milk, these might be work much better.
The main problem with the Avent bottles is that if you forget to put in the little ring, the milk will leak all over your child.
With the ring in, we never had a leak.
We have never had these bottles leak.
The complaints that they are hard to wash are unfounded.
Also, the number of parts (6 vs Avent's 5 counting the lid) is not as overwhelming as some people on here claim.There seem to be no difference in any of the above bottles when it came to reducing gas.
It's also a little irritating to have to keep buying the drop-in inserts, but it does cut down on the dishesI have wasted so much milk using this drop-ins system.
I bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.
I've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, I'll only waste a little bit.
But, come on, I'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes I forget, and I end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and I shouldn't have to check like that for a product I've paid for.
No good.Out of a box of 100 liners, I would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.
That's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.
Unfortunately, I've invested in Playtex bottles and Playtex nipples, so now I have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because I cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time I go to fill up a bottle.
I'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.
Of the two, Playtex VentAire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding, although neither has caused the dreaded "nipple confusion."
Throw out the old liner, pop in a new one, fill it up, and you're ready to go - easy to do even in the backseat of a car with a crying baby.
No bottle brush or hot, soapy water needed.2.
This is less of an issue if there will be parental supervision.4.
Our daughter can feed herself from both the VentAire and Drop-In bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the VentAire.
The Drop-In bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider, and if she falls asleep, the bottle is dropped and leaks wherever it lands.Both the Playtex Drop-In and Playtex VentAire bottles are nice sets, and we have appreciated having both types to choose from to enjoy the perks of both.
To avoid buying more liners and since my girls are now 13 months old, we bought some other bottles that don't use a liner.
Since we've bought these new bottles it seems all I ever do is wash bottles...and there have been MANY times when I forget I leave a bottle that had milk in the diaper bag or some other place and GROSS, what a stinky mess.
Then I actually have to soak the bottles in bleach water to make sure they are clean.
With the Playtex you simply throw away the stinky liner.So I am sorry Playtex Drop Ins that I ever doubted you & gave you a 2 star review.
I guess this past month of Never-Ending Bottle washing & bleaching bottles has been my lesson learned.
NEVER AGAIN will I use any other bottle besides Playtex Drop Ins.
Except for water or juice, cheap bottles are fine for that.So save yourself time & money and just buy the Playtex Drop Ins ESPECIALLY if you have twins.
Make sure you have plenty on hand so you don't get stuck in the middle of the night w/out any liners.
You use them then throw them away.
No bottles to clean (build up of disgusting old milk, especially on those long trips outside in the spring/summer), and you don't need a lot of bottles, I had two of each (2 x 4 oz and 2 x 8 oz bottles).2.
After mixing the formula or using expressed breast milk, simply squeeze the liner from the bottom of the open-ended bottle and all the air is out!
This lessens the gas and projectile vomiting.3.
Many options of nipples and they are the only thing you need to wash/rinse/sterilize.A lot of my friends use Dr. Brown and they rave about it, but after I talk about the Platex system, they are soldLet me start by saying this is a great concept.
I planned to breastfeed exclusively.
I even took a reviewers advice and got extra large bottles and short liners (which I wouldn't advise to anyone).
I liked the idea of not needing to wash a million bottles.
(We now do... and maybe I would have stuck with these had that not been the case).
Drove me nuts.Nothing went to plan.
I ended up supplementing my breast milk with formula after one month.
Pushing the air out of the bag is a GREAT concept.
But when the bag exploded on me twice...
I was upset.
And reading reviews, I have to say I thought people were just pushing to quickly and clearly that would never happen to me.
And with a screaming baby... it's really better to have bottles that are ready to go.
So.. After I pump my four ounces, I don't want it to explode.
And I don't want it to go bad from having so much exposure to air... And if I'm pumping, I'm not feeding my child right away.
Thus, I stopped "expressing" because it seemed to be a waste of time.
(I'm empty after I finish pumping).
The pump was much kinder.
).I had no problem with the lids on these bottles.
I liked the silicone nipples because I could boil them (and now I can put them in the dishwasher).
The set comes with enough.
The comparison would be like buying a bunch of vaccuums for your vaccuum bags.
Easy cleanup with the bags, and less gas.
She's down to just her night time bottle nowI bought these thinking they would be great.I was wrong.
I give my baby breast milk and its just a hassle.
Plus you have to keep buying the drop-ins.
If I'm going to have to clean bottles anyway I'd rather use a bottle that I can store milk in AND heat the milk in.These bottles dont keep air out.
Even when I would squish all of the air out of the bag and put the lid on, by the time I went and got my baby and put a bib on her all of the air was back into the bottle.
There is nothing to protect the liner on the bottom so anything could puncture it making all of the milk leak out.I also dont think they are close to being like breast feeding at allOkay - I was one of those new moms who had no clue about which bottles of the many types to use for my baby.
I read all of the online reviews and decided I would get a couple of each type and try them all.
It worked much better for him than the Dr. Brown's bottles.
Using these, he didn't struggle with gas pains afterwards.He switched with no problems from a very early age between the breast and this bottle type.
I pump into the Medela CSF bags and store those.
When I am ready to make a bottle, I pour it out of the CSF bag and into the liner.
It became routine and its not a problem for me to take that extra step.Good luck in making your choices about bottles for your baby but from a new mom whose tried them all, these really are the best all aroundIt's super convenient.
It's even better because the liner is recyclableThese bottles are fantastic in reducing gas.
My 5 week old has been using them since he was 1 week old and he has much less gas and spitting up when we use them as opposed to some other brands that we have tried.
I know these bottles have been around for a long time and now I understand why..they work.
It is also a little harder to travel with them because you have to bring the bottle, the bag, the water, and the formula all separate.
Futhermore, they don't come with caps for the nipples so you have to put your finger on the nipple to shake the formula and bag the nipple to travel with it.
I would tell anyone if they have been using Dr. Brown's, Avent, or any of the other super fancy feeding systems and their kids are still having problems with gas and spitting up, they should try theseThis is a great set.
The Playtex breast milk storage system is a VERY easy way to store breastmilk in the freezer, and works well with Medela pumps.
First off you drop in a liner and that means there is less to clean up, no scrubbing the inside of the bottle.
No fuss and minimal clean upMy strictly bottle fed 11 month old has used these bottles from day one and has done fine with them.
I saved money by buying them at thrift stores - about half of them I bought still in the boxes and the other half barely used.
I also bought a lot of new boxes of liners at the thrift store too!
My daughter suffered from mild gas, but nothing major.
I ended up putting straight pins in the slow flow and boiling them with the pins in to open the holes a little more.
It worked fine!
Many reviewers complained that the drop-ins don't hold a full 8 ozs.
To solve this problem, I simply stuck with the standard liners and I don't buy the Playtex brand.
liners and realized (after several bottles) that the 4 oz.
mark on the liner was only 3 ozs.
The PC liners are correct!All-in-all, I like these bottles but am getting tired of the liners.
I am currently reading reviews of other bottles and considering switching with our next child.
I'm really liking what I'm reading about the Dr. Brown's, but will possibly try a couple other brands as well.
We'll seeThese cloth diapers are reasonably priced and include a padded middle.
They should do the trick for those using cloth diapers.
The fancy burp cloths are usually too flimsy (won't lay flat on your shoulder) and too thin to be helpful.
I usually don't cloth diaper so I can't say too much on this - this is just from the few times I have used itThese burp clothes are extremely thin.
These would not work in our house even as a dish cloth, let alone absorbing any type of baby mess!The only reason I didn't give only a single star is because Gerber was very nice about giving me a refund on these - they guarantee all their products.
They need to be more descriptive in their product packaging.
For burp cloths, I prefered the Kooshie baby brand which are very absorbant, very soft and durable as wellThe cute, fancy little burp cloths on the market are no match for babies that spit up like mine do.
We could not make it without theseI had these exact same burp clothes when I gave birth in 08 to my son so I figured with my second pregnancy I would buy them again big mistake they are made cheaper NOW you can see right through them I am going to have to fold them in half just so it will not go through on to my clothes I do not even think they will make it through a wash load what a disappointment they are worth maybe a dime each at best It is kinda hard to tell how thin they are unless you open the package I would suggest passing these upThis is a great value pack and so soft and thick in the center panel which also makes them great burp cloths instead of using more expensive and also narrower and thinner cloths actually marketed for the burp clothsGood diaper cloths!
It is really hard to use cloth diapers for the whole day so use cloth during day time and then disposable at night for longer sleepDon't buy these if your looking for a pre-fold that will hold all of your childs waste in,and if you have a heavy wetter don't weven think about it without a doublerDiaper Doubler - Absorbency Booster - 2 Piece Set(these are nice) they are no wear near as absorbent as chinese prefolds, these make great claning clothgs and burp rags though.
I ordered these after reading the reviews because the ones I received at the shower were paper thin.
I washed them, then sewed fabric to the center piece to customize them.
They steam pretty quick and I like how you can keep pre-measured water on it.
bottles for nowI have to say I have not been disappointed with this warmer, other than it should not be used with the Playtex inserts bottles (which is why it gets 4 stars) as it cannot sense the heat properly and makes them way too hot and doesn't shut off.
Read the directions!
I was shocked at how little water it uses and thought I was reading it wrong.
Do not use more water than the directions say for your bottle size!
Overall, I live in a two-story house and this warmer is a lifesaver for those early am feedings, I definitely don't want to go downstairs to warm a bottle, the product works consistently if you figure out how much water you needMy wife love this botles.Is for a better way of feeding our new born.I cant wait to use themI think this product was a waste of money our daughter will not wait for bottle to heat up in this and its just easier and faster to make a fresh bottleOur nursery is on a different floor as the kitchen, so having this has been great for night feeding of twins.
The little ice bottle is kind of lame, it really should be Blue Ice which stays frozen longer.
Otherwise great product, easy to use, easy to cleanI kept thinking I must be doing something wrong.
I'd read the directions again and try again.
Another, stinking, melted bottle!
And the milk would be scalding hot.
If it didn't melt the bottle, the milk would still be cold.
I also had a problem with my playtex ventaire bottles leaking from the bottom into the warmer.
Then I had the smell of burned formula in the kitchen.
And it melted that bottle too!I'm going back to the old fashioned way.
I'm going to heat water in the microwave and let the bottle soak in it.
It is faster, less messy, and lots cheaper.
Don't waste your time and moneyThis is an awesome product!
Once you get used to using this product, it is a huge timesaver.
It took us three tries to get the amount of water right so the bottle would be the right temperature (not too hot, not too cold).
Before going to bed every night, we put two bottles and the ice pack in the cooler section.
It was usually done warming before we finished changing a diaper!
This bottle cooler/warmer makes it easier at night when you want to get back to sleep as soon as possibleA dedicated steam warmer is definitely better than any other option such as a pan of water on the stove (takes too long) or the microwave (danger of uneven heating; robs contents of nutrients).We have ours in a second-story nursery and have been pleased with it.
The only problem is that the results can be unpredictable - sometimes one capful of water will do the trick just fine, sometimes the bottle feels hot but the milk inside still cold, and sometimes it just goes to town and overheats the contents.
Nonetheless, I figure any heating process will be unpredictable, so I can't fault this model.The unit comes with adapters to hold any standard 4- or 9-oz.
Actually, I can't think of any equipment that I could live without less.No complaints whatsoever about this great bottle warmerWe have tried many bottle warmers and this is the one we currently use.
This isn't good for breast milk.
Also the heating plate accumulates gunk from time to time.It includes a jar food holder to heat food, but we have never tried it.All in all a decent bottle warmer, but you have have to compensate with a re-heat or cold water sometimesThis is a lifesaver for late night feelings.
We just pop a bottle or two in the cooler before bed, and within 5 minutes of baby waking in the middle of the night bottle is ready to go.
We keep in it in the bedroom so we don't have to even leave our room for late night feelingsThis is one of my favorite products I have purchased as a new mommy.
It took some trials to determine how much water to add but now I have it down great.
You can over heat and then you will burn yourself if your not careful.
It is not like the negative reviews if you pay attention and use the right amount of water.
I guess because of the vent but I preferred the Avent bottles anyway.
The cooler DOES keep bottles cold for up to 8 hours if you remember to freeze the freezer pack each day.
At worst some bottles come out too hot.
Also - when I first got the bottles I would heat my plastic bottles in there.
It just doesn't seem right to be heating plastic on a heat source!Now the only down side to this is the cooler.
It will keep things cool for up to 8 hours - but don't mistake this for being refrigerated cool.
My medela breast pump tote came with a better ice pack - and that's what we're using to keep the bottles cold at night.
One other trick... keep the cooler portion away from the heating portion if you want things to stay cool all night.
It takes some trial and error to figure out the water requirement but that's OK.
Very convenientEhh, I bought this product to avoid my MIL using the microwave to heat bottles.
The thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle.
The warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam.
What i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold.
The directions are a little confusing with how much water to use, so i just have kind of learned how much water we need to use and just keep the bottle in there for 4-5 minutes.. you learn by trial and error.
I got this as a gift at my babyshower and I'm happy with itIf you are pumping breast milk or formula feeding this thing is a lifesaver.
As I rule I always test the temperature anyway so it's never been a real problem.
You freeze the ice pack and when you're ready to head to bed, you just bring the ice pack and two bottles, place them in the cooler and fill the two measuring water holders and slide them on the side.
It seems this warmer gets weaker with use and requires more water.
It shuts off after a couple of minutes when the bottle is done.I love this thing because it makes night time feedings almost a breeze but it does have it's quirks.
Do not store milk with this ice pack for more than eight hours.
The pack is fairly small and does not cool the milk for long.
I use a freezer pack and store one bottle at a time.
Heating is SO inconsistent.
Same amount of water with the same amount of milk will produce a different temperature every single time.
Sometimes way too cold and sometimes way too hot.
If that happens cleaning the inside of the warmer is a major hassle because the milk will have burned onto the heating plate.
The carrier is too short for Mr. Brown 8oz.
bottles or any other of similar height.
The tubes provided to premeasure water are a joke.
The caps are so hard to close and open you need two really strong hands and maybe multiple tools to shut or flip the tops open.
They tried to get fancy with the shape of the tubes and cap they forgot to make them easy to use.I just can't believe that someone can't design a better "mouse trap".To add insult to injury, the taps on the handle that are supposed to hold the top of the bottle storage compartment just broke off...(picture provided by Amazon is not the current model.
You can order replacement/extra ice pack on Tomy website - we keep 2 extras in the freezer as we constantly were forgetting to refreeze the one we had in preparation for a new night (they were $2 each).
Overall, good purchase and the price is great on amazon (you'll pay $30 at BRUI've never used the bottle cooler part, so I can't comment on that.
I think if you kept this unit in your bedroom or the babies room where you'd want to store some bottles in the cooler instead of having to go to the refridgerator to get them, it would serve a good purpose.
But I always go out to the kitchen to use this, so it's easier to just grab a bottle from the fridge.The little test-tube-looking water containers that you fill up and then pour into the unit to steam the bottles are a bit of a pain.
The little caps that go on them are difficult to snap on and off with one hand when you have a screaming, hungry baby in the other arm!
So, the water test-tube things aren't very user friendly.The other thing is that the little basket and the container itself that the bottle goes into gets grungy pretty quickly.
It leaves a brownish film on the basket and inside the hole where the basket goes into, so you have to clean it out frequently.
And I've definately found that the amount of water they say to put in the steamer according to the size and temp.
Thankfully, my baby isn't very temperature-sensitive when it comes to taking her bottle.On the positive side, I think using this thing is probably easier than running the bottle under warm tap water or putting it in a pan of boiling water because it does heat the bottle up rather quicklyGreat product.
I use it at nights.
It is a lifesaver when my son wakes up and needs his expressed milk instantly.
Sometimes I forget the ice-pack and will use a ziploc bag with crushed ice as an alternate.
As soon as I pop it in the chamber, by the time I am done changing him - it is ready to go.
One thing to note is that it heats up glass bottles SUPER fast vs. the plastic bottles.
But...I was very disappointed that my Dr. Brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.
We had a warmer that submerses the bottle in water, and we found this worked faster and better.
We got this as a second hoping to use it upstairs at night.
Brown's Formula Mixing Pitcherand it was a life saver for awhile.
Now All i can smell on our bottles is burnt milk from the heating plate.... Now I am not quite sure how the milk could possibly be getting onto it but it does apparently.
We have been using it for about 3 months now almost every day, four- five times a day a most and it has considerably started to take longer and longer to heat up.. Before it was done and cooled off by the time the diaper change was over.
Now we find ourselves sitting and waiting another minute or two for it to finish.
The instructions are basically nonexistent.
Now that I'm formula feeding, it's not necessaryI purchased this to use on the nightstand or for keeping breast milk out.
Unfortunately I ended up having to feel formula, so I used this as a bedside bottle keeper at night.
Two bottle fit in a cooler compartment and one fits in the warmer.
!Some people said they had problems with temperature, but we didn't have any problems.
Just read the instructions for the type of bottle system we use and it worked fineThe idea behind this design is well intentioned but I find the design aggravating.
Subconsciously I always go for the handle to move this thing, but the handle is connected to the removable bottle storage piece.
It may seem trivial but I like to keep this thing out of the way (it's an eye sore) and I would have rather just the bottle warmer with no bottle storage chamber.Plus, the heating is inconsistent.
When we first got it (4 months ago) the milk would actually be too hot.
That hasn't happened in a whileI purchsed this product because of the cooling capabilities as it was perfect for night feedings instead of running downstairs to make a bottle in the middle of the night.
(The Advent bottles did not overflow but were so hot to the touch I couldn't take them out with my bare hands and thus was NOT going to put the bottle near my infant until it cooled down which tool 5 or more minutes.)
We played with the amount of water we were using, thinking we were putting too much in (even though we were following the recommended water usage in the instructions).
After having the product for less than 2 months we are returning it to the vendor where it was purchsed.
I would not recommend gettin this product.
First Years needs to go back to the drawing board on this one and come out with a product that actually worksSo glad I bought his bottle warmer.
Late night feedings have never been easier.
No complaints yetThis thing stinks.
The on off switch never worked so we always had to plug and unplug it.
We did like the cooler on the back for travel but overall this thing stinksEasy to use, cooler works well to store 2 bottles.
I've been using it for 5 oz medela bottles so I pump at night, cap it and store it in the cooler and warm as I use it.
I used to do it when I intially bought it but with a screaming infant in hands during night I stopped bothering about the measurements .
even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itBut I do make sure that I clean it throughly every week.The cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.Being a working mom I am all about making things easy for me.This is what I recommend highlyI bought this bottle warmer, because the previous model from the same company broke.
When I got the new version of "The First Years Night and Day Warmer System", I was shocked on how short the electric cord was.
I was also displeased with having to unplug it, in order, to turn it off.
I would try a different brand, if you need a bottle warmerWe had this warmer with our first child, but had parted ways with it by the time we had another child.
heats the bottles very quickly and you don't have to stand over it checking the temp every minute like with the TT warmer.
Says nothing about this on the website but on the box.
Very dangerous because gets so hotThis product is a major piece of garbage.
You will NEVER get your milk to the right temperature no matter how hard you try.
It will either be cold or it will be scalding hot.
Also it creates a smell that smells like burnt hair which is worrisome considering others who reviewed this product (at least 4 people) said that it catches on fire.
We were using dr. browns 2 and 4 oz bottles and sometimes the 2 oz would be cold while the 4 oz would be way too hot.
It remembers how long it takes to warm any particular amount and you dont have to fill it up with water every time the way you do with this.
Remove from your registry, return, or throw away if you have bought this product and go with the dr browns insteadahora la familia descansa mas gracias a este calentador de biberones ya que el tetero se mantiene caliente toda la noches o hasta que el bebe la necesite, no hay necesidad de prender la cocina, solo meterlo en la boca del bebe y a comerrrCouldn't ask for a better pump!
Does everything I need!
I use it so much that I doubt it will make it to our next child, but it's much better to buy this one twice for $80 than to buy one for $350I nurse my baby exclusively and am a stay at home mom, but this is really handy for when we go out and can't schedule around his feeding times.
I didn't have any problems with let down.
It does make noise, but it's not noisy.
I only pump at home so it doesn't bother me.
I sit in bed with my daughter nursing on one side and me pumping the other.
Being a sahm, I cannot justify spending the $200 for a double pump when I just don't need that much help.I highly recommend this if you are a sahm and can pump whenever for however long.
It's only problem is that it's really noisy.
My husband said it sounded like I was milking a cow.
I would have opted using a double breast pump, but it was much more pricier.
I don't know why.
The pump was fine and working the same, even at the highest level, my breast would not fully be expressed.
This single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever.
I know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you NEED it and this single pump is NOT an adequate substitute for a real pump!
You can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant.
Just don't bother trying this oneI agonized over whether to buy this cheaper pump or go straight to one of the high-end ($250+) models.
In an effort to save money I started with this one.
But I quickly realized I'd made a mistake -- it took *forever* to even get one ounce of milk.
I just wish I'd gone straight to that one and saved my money on this one.For those of you who are trying to decide between this or a more expensive model, here are my two cents:TRY THIS ONE IF...- You have a very abundant milk supply- You only plan to pump one or twice a month- You wouldn't mind giving your baby formula if you had to be away from her for an extended periodINVEST THE MONEY IN A HIGHER-END MODEL IF...- You're going back to work- Your milk supply is medium to low- You plan to pump more than two or three times per month- You are opposed to giving your baby any formula, ever (with a higher quality pump you could build up reserve breastmilk to have in case of an emergency)Also, it's worth noting that most of the more expensive models can be safely re-used by other people so could be sold to someone else when you're done (unlike this oneThis pump is decent but wasn't enough for me.
However, I needed to pump to improve my supply in the begining and also while I was healing from a cracked nipple and the single pump just didn't cut it.
It would take twice as long with the single pump.
I REALLY hate pumping so it is worth everything to get it done in half the time!
I like it because it is electric.
I got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.
However, there are times when I just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.
Plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.
It doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.
I used it about 5-6 times a day for the first month and then 3 times a day for the following 2 months before it died.
It's horribly loud which can drive you nuts so I put a blanket over to drown out the noise.
My husband was actually glad when it died because then we could buy another one that's less noisy even if it meant we had to spend $200 on a new one.
I guess we got good use out of it considering how much it was improperly used but if you are looking to use a pump more than once per day I would definitely get the Medela Swing model...it's GREAT and is much quieter.
It's the best single pump I've tried, and I've had a few different onesThis pump is very slow so unless you have 45 minutes to an hour to pump 4 ounces, don't get this.
It's a waste of money all aroundAwesome product, a little loud but overall does the job, we rented a machine from the hospital tht did the same for twice the money we paid for this, after realizing we needed additional time and they required additional fees, we opted to purchase this and keep rather than spend it on rental, great choice we made, highly recommendedI bought this pump before leaving the hospital and it was a waste of money.
It hurt like heck and did not express enough milk to relieve my engorgement.
I only used it a couple of times then - we never got the nursing thing to work out.
(Especially if you may be on a budget) Yes, I know the motor is loud, and it took a little while for me to get used to it - but if that is something you can get past or it just doesn't bother you, this single breast pump is fantastic for the price.
(if you want a quiter one, look at the Medela Swing, but you also pay more) It only took only 15-20 minutes to pump what my baby could nurse in the same amount of time.I mostly used the AC adapter, but I have taken it on the road and away from home quite a few times with batteries (2 AA if I remember?)
But I have no idea if we gave it away to someone else, or where else it may have went to over the years.
I do plan on upgrading to the Medela Swing this time, and only for the noise factor.
During the day I used the hospital grade pumps at the hospital, but at night I used this pump until finally buying the double electric Medela pump.
I got just as much milk with this pump as I did the hospital pump.
It is a handy pump to have.
I don't see how a nursing mom can go without ever having to pump at some point, even if its for cereal when they start that.
It is definitely loud, but putting a folded towel over it helps.
However I do have a few issues with the gate that are keeping me from being completely satisfied.The biggest issue, to me, is the door release.
Basically, you squeeze up on the handle and then pull the door up.
Plus, did I mention it takes a lot of effort?
It's not as well designed as several of the other gates we've used.The second point is just how narrow this gate is.
I am not a large person and while I do fit through the opening I do worry that some of my larger friends may have a harder time of it.
This width of a coach class airline seat, maybe a tad less, and you have idea on the width of the opening.Their are some good points.
Additionally, it won't be hard to take the gate off it's wall moorings should I need to temporarily remove the gate.
However if you can avoid this gate and go for something else - you might be better off looking aroundThis gate is grate especially if you have pets and stairs.
I plan on buying another for the bottom set of stairs.The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because I do feel like it could be slightly sturdier for the abuse my three-year-old tries to give itWe needed a gate for a really wide space between our family room and kitchen and this gate works perfectly.
It doesn't look terribly cheesy.
I removed the left 24" panel, replaced with an 8" extension, then inserted 3 more 8" extensions on the right.
The $30 8" extensions are way too expensive for what you get I think (and often arrive with scratches and rust due to the extra pole in the box).Like many Kidco gates, the instructions could have been better.
And it would be nice if the mounting hardware were metal instead of plastic.I used a 1/8" drill bit to create pilot holes before screwing into my banister (rather hard wood).
While it may be obvious to some to do that, others might not know, or might not know what size drill bit to use.
I tried a smaller one at first but the screw was extremely difficult to attach.
Only when I used a 1/8" drill bit did it go inWe got *seven* extensions for this and put a fence across our den, marking off a one-hundred-square-foot area for the lil'guy to crawl around in.
I was worried that the length would make it insecure, but it doesn't: Just be sure not to have the fence completely straight; use the nifty connection corners to alternate turns, using either angles back and forth or a serpentine pattern.
Then hang stuff like toys, instruments, and mobiles from it.
We put it together in about 30 minutes.
For us, we were hesitant to drill into our walls but didn't have another solution.
Now that it's installed, we definitely feel like the safety and convenience factors far outway the problem of drilling into our walls.
So the gate is not actually straight across.
Took us over an hour.The Configure gate is on the pricey side.
You just snap out the pole and add the extension piece.
You can bend the gate different ways to fit in the opening.To Mount on the wall you just mark the screw holes and screw in the plate then snap the gate on.
It was mounted on the wall in less then 20 minutes.
This gate has solved all our problems.The door does not swing closed behind you, which I like.
The bar across the bottom of the door is very low compared to other gates, about an inch.
When the door is closed it is secure, much more so than our gate that swings shut behind you.
Fast forward to home# 2 and three running , half-heathen boys.
The gate has stood-up to our abuse, the elements (having been outdoors since first acquired), and the dismantling and ressembly due to a move.We've never had a problem opening or closing the gate and find the opening more than adequate.
I desperately needed a gate ASAP since our new house had a narrow, metal spiral staircase with a gate which didn!t latch( yes, we immediately rectified our spiral staircase gate sitch and now have a key lock on it!)..
So As soon as I got the gate home, I installed it.
After almost two years of dogs nosing it, kids hanging on it, people pushing on it, the screws are finally beginning to come out of the wall.
I had to call the company after We received the wrong extension piece( wrong gate piece in extension piece's box)Oh, FYI: even after all these years, our original hearthgate doesn't show any signs of rustWe have a row home with very low banister.
For the purpose I gave it 5 stars, but I did feel both the gate and extension were a bit pricey.
It's nice because he feels included with everyone else there, but doesn't get upset by his brother knocking down or taking his legos.
My husband and I wish that we had ordered this gate a year ago!
The gait opens easily with one hand (the trick is to pull the latch and then LIFT the gate just a bit, which we didn't know to do and initially caused us to think the gate was defective until reading the directions.
The installation was a little bit involved, since you have to screw the brackets into studs in the walls, but it only took about 20 minutes and we had it up.Some tips for installing the gate:1.
Try to mount the brackets to studs in your walls.
Since you can configure the gate to any length/angle by changing the angle of each joint, try to configure it so that you can mount each bracket to a stud in the wall, so you don't have to worry about energetic kids pulling them out.3.
Try to configure the gate so that each joint is at least at a 10 degree angle.
If you put them straight across, the gate will flex a little bit.
She stacked pillows and climbed over the first gate I installed in that doorwayThe advertising for this gate made it seem like the right purchase for me, but I was wrong!
If you're a little too forceful, it can easily break.
This became a problem for me because I have a window ledge that is lower than the wall mount location.
If you have an irregular shaped area or room that needs a gate, I'd recommend that you look into the North States 3 in 1 Super Yard Gate.
I bought this North States Gate with a total of 6 panels (12 feet) and it did not have any of the problems I just described.
It was expensive, but cost less than the Kidco.
Overall, it is sturdier and better made too.
The North States Gate can be placed at various angles too just like the Kidco.
We have 2.5 walls in what was once our dining room (now play room).
Be sure you install it into the studs - infants will pull up on the railing.
The sounds were so soothing they helped him to sleep longer at night.
The only thing is this is better for smaller babies.
I love the automatic shut-off and the voice-activated modes.We have gone through one set of batteries already, but it took seven weeks to do so.
(That includes a few nights/naps that I forgot to press the automatic shut-off) Overall this is a great product and very usefulThe only good thing about this is the night light function.
It does take a pretty decent sound from her to set it off, but that's okay -- her softer noises are usually in her sleep anyway.
She only sets it off a couple of times a night -- I think!The biggest drawback is batteries.
Despite only using it on voice activate mode, when it's only on for 15 minutes at a time, we seem to have to change batteries about every two weeks.
This is hard for me to fathom, considering that our swing runs much more, and since our daughter was born, we have NEVER had to replace the batteriesGood while it worked!
I changed batteries thinking that was the problem but the next day it stop working again.
I am really disappointed.
Buyer bewareI wouldn't rate this as a baby necessity.
I was afraid she would get hooked on sleeping with white noise and wouldn't sleep any other way.
but you can see enough to avoid fumbling aroundWhen I first had this product, I used it on my daughter's crib like it is intended.
Then I realized it could also be placed on the side of the carrying handle on most infant car seats.
I found it worked great if my daughter was fussy in the car.
It helped lull her to sleep.
Just make sure it is placed securely on the side of the handle to prevent it from fallingI was a little woried about buying a metal crib, but because it was mutch cheeper than the wooden moddles I baught this one.
It hs traveled with us, Surved as play pin, and iven was used as the main crib for 3 monthes while we have no room for a big crib.
I do wish it were a little easier to fold and ajust, although the litle buttons are stuck in mine it still works and is very safe.
Should offer maybe 1 mor hight?
Well I would love this crib for infants and short toddlers but If you go by the age on the box you can be fooled they say this crib is for ages 0-3 I would not put a 3 year old in this crib with the wheels on it!!!!!
My 2 year old almost fell out of it ( Don't worry I knew my 2year old could get out of it if he tried so I left the wheels off and Daddy was right there and caught him) Truthfully if you have a 2 year old get him a blow up bed with ridges around it for traveling.
Otherwise this is a great pruduct for children under 2years whose shoulder are at or below the railing.
It can be assembled very quickly.
It assembled in under 10 minutes, which is unusual since most baby items take several people and loads of patience to figure out complicated directions.
We gave it only three stars because I felt the metal bars were spaced too far apart and are not baby-friendly since the standard portable crib bedding doesn't come up high enough to protect little heads from getting bumped.
Our child already hit her head twice and the bedding did nothing to cushion the blow.
She is now 13 months old and it was a major battle at each travel destination.
The mattress is thin and we purchased a mattress for it for about $20.
It does fold nice and flat, but it is still large for the average car.
It is so cute and I love the fact that they sell a bedding set for it.
I wish I would have gotten this crib from the begininggreat crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!)
My 6 month old son who is almost 20 pounds fits well in it, but I had to double wrap a bumper pad around it so he wouldn't roll into the cold metal!
I thought it was a good product for a fair price.
But just yesterday I saw a sticker on the side of the strap that said the table had a 20 lb weight limit!
This changing table has lots of space for keeping babies things handy.
You can put everything you need like diapers, rash ointment, powder, wipes tee shirts ,burp cloths on one of the shelves and still have room for a few toys.
I have never had a problem with this and I used it for two kidsMy husband and I bought this changing table in the "cherrywood".
It wasn't hard to put together--my husband put it together in a 1/2 hr or so.
It provides ample space for diapers, burp clothes, blankets, and other items you may need on it.
It does not seem very sturdy at all and I would be worried putting her on it.
I am returning it back to the store.
Maybe I just picked up a bad oneI bought this changing table with the matching Delta Jenny Lind crib from another store (shop around for the best price).
It was very easy for us to set up (although I think it would be quite difficult for just one person to do).
I did feel like the wood was going to crack at times, as in some places it must be strained to fit together while you tighten the screws, but it held up in the end, and is actually much sturdier than it looks like it is going to be when you take it out of the box.
Are there nicer, sturdier products out there?
Absolutely, but you're going to pay for the difference.
Overall, we are very pleased with the value of the product for the price.However, as a side note, the oak crib did not match its "matching" changing table.
We took the items back to exchange for a matching set, only to receive another unmatched set.
We received it because my in-laws found it at a consignment shop, so I can't comment about other reviewers' concerns regarding assembly.
The table serves the purpose and is a good value for those who don't want to spend a lot of money on a dressing table.
We didn't feel that we needed a fancy dressing table and instead opted to purchase a more expensive crib, which is really the focal point of the nursery.
The dressing table has two shelves that are quite convenient for holding supplies.
I placed baskets on those shelves to hold diapers, etcI purchased these covers because there doesn't seem to be anything else to fit the contoured changing pad.
Even after just one washing, the cover already shrunk.
I washed in cold water and dried on low since I had read the reviews saying they would shrink.
I don't see the problem with the straps either.
Overall, these covers serve their purpose, and that's about all.
I would definitely suggest covering your changing pag with SOMETHING so that all the yuck doesn't get down into all the little crevices of the pad.
Would have given this 5 stars but this is not as soft as I had hoped...maybe expecting alot from terry clothWe haven't had any shrinkage problems, but the terry material isn't soft at all.
At least once you have it on, you know that it's a snug fit and won't pop offI used this when I became too sore to use my electric pump.
The milk seeps under the pump guard and it leaks out from the edges onto clothes.
I wouldn't even say getting this as a pump for when you're on the go is a good idea because the leaking milk will get all over leaving you with clean up.
They don't sell just that one little piece so I had to buy the actual pump again as a part.
It cost nearly $30 to order this part and it took over 2 weeks to receive it.
It is so much easier to use and more comfortable than the Medela pump they had me using in the hospital to increase my supply.It seems very complicated to put together the first couple of times, and it took me a little practice to get to where I had the pump (and myself) positioned properly to get consistent suction.
I can pump enough for an entire feeding in 20-25 minutes.It does occasionally lose suction when I am using it because the soft plastic massaging attachment comes loose from the hard body of the pump.
Talk about convenient....The lactation consultant who taught my breastfeeding class said this pump is so popular that Medela is now trying to copy the design.Considering the price, I'd rate it an outstanding buyRecently, while on vacation I misplaced the membranes for my Medela Pump In Style Breastpump, which are vital for operation.
Unable to nurse, I have provided my son with breastmilk by pumping three times a day since birth.
I was concerned about maintaining my milk supply, not to mention the discomfort of very full breasts, so I purchased the Isis Breastpump because I use Avent products and like the idea of being able to pump right into the feeding bottle, 4 oz, 9 oz or disposable.
However, for my particular situation having to express 30 ounces a day in order to keep up with my little guy, the Pump In Style is superior to the Isis both in speed and quantity of milk expressedI bought this pump because I am an at home mom and don't need anything quicker.
I saw no need to spend the extra money to save time when I have plenty of it.
Plus, once your milk really start to come in and your baby has been breast feeding for a few months, the milk really flows.
It doesn't hurt my nipples, and the small breast milk storage containers fit right on the pump.
I thought they would be useful for when I need to have more than 4 ounces.
I couldn't have done it without this Avent pump.
My son had trouble latching on in the hospital, and so, until he could breastfeed consistently (I went to a lactation consultant and she worked wonders), I was pumping my breast milk for him.
At the hospital, they provided me with a Medela manual pump.
I eventually got calluses from pumping with the Medela pump.
So then I was considering whether to buy the Medela electric or the Avent Isis, and I went for the Avent, a much more economical buy.
Now that my son is older, it is harder for me to pump so much milk (the let-down takes a little longer, and he drinks less, so I do have to pump a bit), but it's so convenient if you have to go out and run an errand, or freeze your milk so that you'll always have supply on hand for the babysitterI was hoping for more of a pad feel to make my baby's mattress softer but this is more like a waterproof cover with some quilting as an afterthought.
It never even made it into the dryer.
What a waste of moneyThis pad makes our 1 year old daughter's Colgate classic mattress not feel so hard, but at the same time it is thin enough and seems safe for younger babies.
It's probably the first amazon purchase, after a couple hundred, that really left me disappointed.
You're better off putting a thick, soft blanket under your baby's crib sheet if padding is what you're going for.
The packaging it came in is less than 1.5 inches thick if that gives you any indication as to how thin the entire thing can be folded up to.
My 7 month old wouldn't have even noticed a difference.
He naps SO well on our Tempurpedic with a down topper that I wanted to get him a little something to soften his mattress with now that he's older.
I had to open the windows to get rid of the smell in the room even after I wrapped the pad back in plastic.
I can't imaging my baby being in the same room with this product, let alone sleep on it!
I also realized that there is no need to have a water proof mattress pad because most crib mattresses these days already come in a water proof cover.
The non-waterproof cover I got was a much better choice for my babyFirst of all why is this product listed under toys?Now to the point.
Sadly this isn't as plump as what it looks or as much as what other reviewers try to make it out to be.
So far it has held up in the wash, but mind you I wash it on cold and dry it on extra low.
My son is just over 4 months old and I don't have any worries about SIDS because of this product.
The crib sheet alone wasn't enough to keep him from sweating.
It is the plastic liner that smells toxic.
The pad itself is quite a lot thinner than I expected based on the reviews.
That is all I need.
It goes in the washer and the dryer.
I only need one.
I actually bought this b/c my toddler's new bedding set showed his mattress design too much.
I will be getting another one soonLook through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking.
Because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers, I think there must be a problem with production.
Maybe some are leaky, some are not.
Fact is, out of ten bottles, five of mine were leaky.
I ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.Save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex.
They are half the cost and never leakDon't waste your money!
I went to the Avent website and they said that I was overtightening the bottles and that was causing the leak.
Don't waste money.
I am using the Playtex Premium Nurser now and it's much betterAt 2 months of age, my doctor said to start supplementing my breastmilk with formula at each feeding.
She would not take the avent bottle.
We switched to Playtex and have had no problems.The nipples are sooo long and even the "slow flow" alow for much more formula thru than the playtex.Now, the only use our Avent bottles get is to store the formula made for the day in the fridge.
Maybe as she gets older, she will like the avent style nippleI bought a few Avent bottles when I was at a grocery store and had to have a bottle RIGHT then and this was all they had.
I was not disappointed in the quality of the bottle, but I was not overly impressed.
I now have a wide variety of bottles and bottle parts, and the Avent bottles sit largely unused because I cannot mix and match the parts.
myb baby gets much less gas from these than any other on the market.
i have bought and wasted money on so many different brands of bottles.
dont waste your money and just go exclusivly with theseand I have still come back to them in the end as they have kept me from the dreaded nipple confusion.
I rate them 2nd only to the Dr.Brown wide neck, and that is only because of the gas issue.
They are super easy to break down and clean.
And yes, I had the same problem with the nipple leaking at first.
When you overtighten the lid, the nipple gets distorted and the seal is broken.
My husband and others in the family have had this problem.
My son has never had a problem going from the breast to this bottle and back to the breast again.Also, after months of frequent use, I have never experienced the leaking problem with these bottles mentioned by some other reviewers.
Went with Playtex ventaire natural instead.
Spend your money on a better bottle like Dr. Brown's or Platex.
I know several new mother's who bought in the ad hype about these bottles and ended up trashing them and buying something elseI wouldn't use any other kind of bottle for several reasons:1- they work great with the avent breast pump.2- They have wide mouth openings and this makes it easier to clean the bottle as well as dump formula or breast milk into the opening.3- The nipples are silicon and this is very important to me since I understand from my research silicon nipples are less apt to cause breastfeeding nipple confusion.4- The nipples seem to mimic a breast more than any other nipple on a bottle I have seen.
I was concerned about nipple confusion for the few times I wanted to bottle feed instead of breast feed and I understand that these are some of the best available that mimic a mother's breast.5- We have noticed that our children have less gas when they use these bottles rather than a normal, cheap type bottle.
(maybe it's our imagination, but we think that this is the case.
My husband sometimes screws a lid on wrong and gets shaking it and formula leaks out the sides.
I have never had this problem.We wouldn't use any other type of bottle.
When I went to buy new nipples I noticed they looked different.
Baby is 4 months old and no leaks.
I am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weanedMy son has reflux so we have an ongoing battle with spit up in our house.
When I stopped breast feeding I tried a couple different types of bottles and eventually ended up sticking with Dr. Brown's because they helped the most with his gas and spit up.
After 3 months of washing all of the parts that Dr. Brown's bottles have, I decided to try Avent.
My son didn't have a problem latching on or anything, and his gas didn't get any worse, but his spit up became out of control!!!!
He began spitting up twice as much as he did on the Dr. Brown's bottles.
I was forced to switch back to Dr. Brown's because I just couldn't handle changing his clothes and mine 5 times a day.
However, I never had a problem with them leaking...they are pretty good bottlesDon't bother buying these if you want your baby to take in less air.
He refused these.
I thought it would be easier for him to switch back and forth.
He hate the Playtex disposables too.
Needless to say none worked.
I am although stuck with eight of the smaller ones.
First off let me say when you are sleep deprived you dont' want to be worrying if the bottle lip has a drop of water on it that will cause it to leak or if you have over tightened or under tightened.
There is no time to worry about all these little things when you have a hungry screaming baby.
The bottles are by far not cheap and there shouldn't be so many issues.
I have many friends that have said that theirs leaked as well...too bad they didn't tell me before I registered for them.
Oddly enough if you buy a bottle in the .99 cent store you don't have all these issues.
In addition to the leakage I noticed that my son was extremely gassy and would cry so much after eating.
I have told my friends who are registering now to save their money and find an alternate bottleI spent SO much money on these bottles while I was pregnant, because they were supposively the best bottles to use while breastfeeding.
The bottles are expensive so I thought they must be good bottles.
The nipple shape is horrible.
He was 9 lbs at birth) .
Not to mention that these bottles let him suck SOOOO much air and caused him to spit up several times.
Those bottles are a LOT cheaper and SOOOOOOOOOOOO much better.
He took the bottle immediately and didn't get NEARLY the amount of air.
Don't waste your money on these bottles.
SO if you are pregnant, don't make the same mistake that I did and buy a whole load of these bottles thinking that they are the bestAfter trying Dr. Brown's, Playtex, and even the cheap bottles, Avent bottles have come to my rescue.
The Playtex have 3 - slow, fast, and tri-cut.
I have NEVER had a problem with the nipples clogging, even after putting them in the dishwasher a few times (I had this problem with all other nipples).My 3 month old daughter can finish a 6 oz bottle in 10 minutes instead of the 45 it took with the other bottles.
Also, I have never ever had a problem with leaking, I think many other moms who do are probably not reading the directions or using common sense.
And the nipple has a special seal that you can hear when you turn it, so that will prevent leaking.There's no extra parts to wash like Dr. Browns, and they do not give my daughter gas.
In fact, my daughter will burp better now than with her other bottles.
We ended up selling all the other ones to our local baby consignment shop and spent the money on more Avent bottlesThey leak like mad... and although you tell yourself you must be doing something wrong because no bottle should leak this much, it's not your fault.
It's these idiotic bottles!
I can't imagine how they passed any kind of testing when they were being made.
Please don't buy them, it is a huge waste of moneyThese bottles leak.
It doesn't matter how you assemble them, or if you assemble them wet, or dry, or in space, or in a cave.
They leak.
Of course the ones they replace it with also leak.
The bottles also leak which is annoying.
The bottles are easy to cleanI purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.
The fact that the nipples were to more mimic the breast than others was great and the fact that you could use the bottles as storage containers when pumping was even better.
She was getting one bottle a day and was having no problem going back and forth from breast to bottle regularly.
The nipples are not supposed to be shaped as the breast but force the baby to latch the way they do on the breast.
The entire line works together from breast pumps, to sanitizers, to storage containers, to sippy cups.
Not sure if this says anyhting about the "anti-colic nipples", but whatever.Here are some of the major comments I have:LEAKING-They only leak if you don't dry them completely or put the lid on wrong.
They have leaked on me b/f but only occasionally when they are wet.
A friend of mine uses different ones that only had two different flows and was envious of my choices!GROW WITH ME- The fact that the whole set is interchangeable is great.
I sterilise mine every day and there has been no fading of level markers (a problem with another make I tried.)
The best thing for me is the fact that you can get specially designed teats that allow for thicker liquids (my son had rice in his milk at 8 weeks (with Doctors approval) because he is so big (90th Percentile) and was so very hungry.
The Adjustable Flow teat has a slot cut instead of a hole and so the flow depends on the way the teat is lined up with the babies nose.
I wouldn't use anything else.
The bottles withstand hundreds of washings in a dishwasher without the markings being washed off.
By far, the best bottle on the market in my humble opinion.
We love how big these are and they are so easy for someone to mix formula inI have had 3 children, all formula fed from birth, and we only used this brand with the 3rd child - mainly because I could not find the brand I used previously (Canon Babysafe).Yes, they are more expensive, but if you think how many times you use them and wash them ... you certainly get your money's worth.
I only have 6 and this suits us perfectly.I have not had any trouble with leaks and find they seal quite well for outings when they are in my nappy bag.My baby took the teat from birth with no problems.
But I know some mother's who had babies that just wouldn't take this teat and they had to switch brands.
I used the narrow necked bottles previously and I was forever spilling formula trying to put the formula in with the scoops.
I have now weaned my son off of these and onto a sippy cup because I just could not deal any longer!What's the trick?
This requires two hands, so you will also need to find a place to put down your screaming baby while you concentrate and get it all lined up perfectly.
Now, shake it and see.... it leaks!
It is because when you screw the top onto the bottle the nipple shifts and turns as you screw it on tight, so all that time you spent lining up the holes with the slots is garbage.
Take it off and try again.
Finally you will get it right and only then can you give the bottle to your starving child.I cannot wait to throw them all in the trashi have zero complaints about these bottles.
my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from (besides slow and fast, where fast for playtex really just means not so slow), so i put them away and got more of these, and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about: if there is any liquid in the seal it will leak.
Don't waste your money.
Dr. Brown's is the way to goSent me 3 bottles one of which didn't have a lid in the box.
Just buy them at the store for more money, at least you'll get all the parts with it.
Never had one problem.
After trying for awhile, I finally called Avent and they told me to move up to a different size nipple.
The flow was way too fast for him and he would choke and spit out half the milk every time I would try to feed him.
I finally gave up on Avent bottles and went with the much cheaper and economical Evenflo Classic bottles (on the recommendation of the lactation consultantIn my opinion the Avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market.
The disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it's convenient for Mom's on the go.
My only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day.
The bottles are designed to reduce gas, and seem to do the job.
Stupid leaky valves!
This bottle feels nice in the hand to feed and my husband like them too.
We often fell asleep while he was eating and would wake up SOAKED in formula.
Not a good thing because formula stains and then you have to change baby and you in the middle of the night (and pretreat clothes and wash them if you didnt want to end up replacing them).I decided to try these after seeing an add in a magazine.
I never had to burp my avent bottles.
They never leaked for me.
If you think about it these really are cheaper then playtex nursers as you dont have to buy the liners and worry about them breaking and getting formula all over yourself in the mall and then having no formula and having to leave anywaysI decided to use these because I wanted the Avent Breast Pump and would use these with it.
Well, my newborn had a hard time latching onto the nipples and when he did they were way too fast with the flow.
He would choke and gasp almost everytime.
I now use the Playtex Ventaire bottles and he doesn't have as much of a problem.
I only have an ocassional problem with leakage when you twist it shut it seems that every 1 in 10 times it leaks.
I don't mind the leaking except that it takes several tries to re-twist it before it stops leaking.
I hate losing precious breastmilk to leaks, thats why I gave it only 4 starsOur baby seems to drink the best from these bottles.
I've noticed leaking a couple times and just rescrewed the cap and it was fineThese bottles are pretty good.
She makes quite a mess while drinking from these.
Also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.
We switched to Dr. Bown's and he took to it with little problem.
Why did we switch?
There are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles.
For expecting parents, I would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other.
It's really annoying since I spent so much money thinking that they were quality.
One thing that is good is these bottles don't give him gas which I've tried cheap bottles and he gets gassy with them.
After trying alot of bottles the only brand I have absolutely no problem with is the Dr.Brown bottles.
But they have extra parts to clean which is a painI recieved boxes of these bottles as gifts, every one of them leaks.
I tried everything to stop the leaks, but nothing worked.
I called Cascade and they told me the manufacturer of the dishwasher is to blame.
I've never had a problem with any of my bottles leaking.
My daughter loves these bottles she's already strating to try to hold bottles herself while I am feeding her.
I love them too since they are easy to clean and handle.
Stiffness is hardly a correct simulation of the breast.
The bottles are also very wide and hard for little hands to grip when they begin to hold their own bottles.
I also saw no indication that my son got any less air from using the Avent system.
I MUCH prefer the softer, easier to hold, less air producing Playtex Nursers which is what we ended up switching him toThe nipple is so long that my infant was gagging everytime i tried to feed her.
I have been using those bottles and nipples ever since, and she is doing great when i need to switch from breast to bottleI am extremely tired of having to clean up messes after feeding our twin sons with the Avent bottles.
The bottles worked great for the first six months and then.....THEY ALL LEAKED.
It was not a small leak rather, a pouring leak that soaked their shirts.
She doesn't have gas problems or gas pains.
Yes, sometimes there is a slight leak when shaking...
I found that is from formula powder getting stuck between the nipple and the bottle, and breaking the seal.
So, when it happens I just wipe the rim of the bottle, take the nipple out of the ring, rinse the nipple and ring, and then the problem's gone.
(Although, old nipples do discolor.
)It's hard to believe my mom gave me bottles with little bags in side... what a pain and mess that must have beenWe used Avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.
We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved!
No more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.
Easy to clean - easy to use - no problemswhen i became pregnant i planned on using these bottles, i bought everything bottle warmer,sterilizer,breast pump, and a ton of bottles and nipples.
my daughter had very bad gas.
when i switched bottles the gas stopped.
Plus the bottles are expensive......you have to keep buying new nipples there are sooo many different sizes.
a waste i think, most bottles have 2 fast or slow but there seemed to be 4 different sizes or moreThese bottles were terrible for us.
They leaked no matter how many times I tried and followed the directions.
As soon as we changed her bottles to the Dr. Browns she slept through the night with no wake ups.
They are a little "pricey", but they are worth every penny.
One thing that all Avent users should know...if you read the directions carefully for the pump, the makers tell you not to use anti-bacterial soap on any of their products.
Doing so can cause the plastic to crack.
The main problem across the board though is the fact that the bottles leak.
Example: microwave sterilize them and after a couple of minutes, pour a stream of recently boiled water; mix with formula and put next to the ice bin in the freezer for five minutes.
My son HATES them.. the nipples are too hard for him and it takes him forever to get anything from them..
They are similar but have softer nipples.
My son is no longer cranky from not getting enough formula.
I never had a problem with leaks however as some people saidI have been using these bottles for about 5 months now.
I really like them.
I find that if the seal between the nipple & the bottle is not right, then you will get a leak.
I solve this problem by just unscrewing the nipple/lid and then rescrewing it on SLOWLY so I know it is getting a good tight even seal.
He chews on it and couldn't suck properly, the nipple seemed to hard for him.
Well, I take anything she says seriously!
After investing alot of time and money in Avent, I decided to scrap them and start over.
THe bottles are cute (the gerber bottles would be fine, too, but they weren't cute enough!)
My advice is to try different bottles before settling on one kind.
One more note, I read the other reviews that talk about leaking, I didn't have this problem at all.
But my cousin used Avent and they leaked terribly for her and she switched to Dr Browns.
Wish they were more narrow so she could hold them herself.
Occasional leaking when shaking milk around or mixing a bottle of formulaI understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type.
The Brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis.
The problem with a breastfeeding mom is, they do not fit standard US breast pumps.
So basicly you have to pump into one bottle, then transfer into this one (this causes a problem for those of us who don't produce quite enough milk --- every drop that is lost in transfer is crutial).
Then you are faced with the leaking problem.
The directions say to wet the rim to prevent leaking.
Again, I am reminded of how delicate every drop of milk was.
I would test the bottle before giving it to baby... then after I was convinced it wouldn't leak... baby would begin to suck and would instantly be drownded!
And there you are, wasted milk, and a hungry baby who is drenched, and really mad by the time you get another bottle ready and her clothes changed!!!
The day I stopped breast feeding I switched to playtex vent aire, which only leak once in a blue moon, if you dont put it together rightThis brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when I was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement.
It was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and I was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me.
Out of the four 4 oz size bottles I own, one of them has a leaking problem, but I can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap.
My daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple, as one person reported.
I started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line.
I guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big handsUnlike a couple of reviews I read, the only times I've had problems with the Avent bottles leaking is when I screwed the cap on badly or had the nipple in wrong.
We were told that there may be &quot;nipple confusion&quot; if a baby goes from back and forth from breast to bottle but we haven't had a problem whatsoever.
These nipples are enough like the breast that he does just fine.
It couldn't be easierThese bottles are superior to any on the market.
Mind you, my little one is a health, full-term newborn with no latching problems.
Avent clearly states in their directions that if you over tighten the nipple ring onto the bottle, it causes the nipple to wrinkle and the bottle leaks.
It is specifically designed to do this.
It's not product error, it's user errorI have had these bottles with my now 2 1/2 year old and his now 4 month old little brother.
These have been dropped, sterelized, boiled, thrown, kicked, bitten, EVERYTHING and they still hold up!
The wide-neck allows for easy cleaning too, I never spend more than 2 minutes scrubing a bottle.
No nipple confusion!
), and was doing a mess, with milk dripping everywhere.
NOT fun at 3:00 in the morning when you shake up a bottle and there is milk fling around.Even worse is when you are feeding and the milk pours out on baby's face.
They don't leak and our baby has less gas.
The liners prevent a lot of gas.
If you are worried about the cost of liners Target has their own brand that is about half the price.
You get 100 of them for maybe $5.00.
We haven't had any problems with leaking at all.So I don't recommend the Avent bottles unless you want to be cleaning up milk all the time.
I registered for them because of all the good things that I heard about them.
First of all, they do leak.
Making sure they are completely dry does help but does not prevent the problem entirely.
Second of all, they are expensive.
I have heard just as many good things about other brands of bottles that are a lot less expensive.
The nipples and bottles are extremely durable and held up for a very long time.
I've been using them for about 4.5 months now and I've NEVER had a problem with leaks!!!!
I plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle!!!
well i broke these babies out to use em last night and they are reg avent bottles with the stupid ring on the inside that makes it not leak(something not needed in the other bottle)the plastic used is also completely different.
it isnt the hard clear plastic that doesnt cloud or stain, it is the dull non see through plastic that feels pliable.
My Amelia is hardly every gassy with them.
If either are wet or have milk on them (like when you open it to re-fill a partially full bottle) you must re-dry the threads and nipple before screwing closed.
Motto: "IF you don't hear a squeak, it's gonna leak".
Good luckWe got these bottles because they are supposed to be the closest thing to breast feeding, and they advertise a 'slow-flow' nipple.
The slow-flow is not slow enough for a baby who is accustomed to breast feeding and having to work at gettimg milk out.
They are way too expensive and didn't work well for usBaby is breast-fed and I registered for these so I could pump and my husband could feed her at night.
The nipples, on the Avent, are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on.
The nipples on the Platex are much softer and shorter.
So, if you've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste!
The only problem is that the Tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find!
Good LuckThe Avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product.
Highly recommended by this mom!Update March 06: one more great feature about the Avent bottles -- they sell a sippy cap that can replace the nipple, so your investment goes into toddlerhood with no need to buy additional sippy cups!
Still a great product in my bookI have to agree with reviewers, the nipple of the Avent bottles is great.
It's obvious watching my baby that he latches on similar to the way he does on the breast.The problem is that the bottles leak like crazy.
My little guy ends up wearing as much milk as he drinks.
He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast.
So wait before buying #2 & #3 nipples, because you may not need themI bought these after trying the Dr. Brown's system (don't waste your money there.)
I didn't want to hassle with the disposable liners.
A lot of babies are gassy and I wouldn't blame it on the bottle.
If the nipple is screwed on correctly, not a drop comes out while I shake it to mix up milk or formula.
And colic has never been a problem here either.I breastfeed and pump for my baby and I found that she went easily from bottle to breast as early as 2 weeks old.
Works great sort of a pain to clean but easier than having to clean tubing on an electric.
The bottles however are junk.
After one use they leaked from under the plastic disk.
In order to stop it is a pain.
I sold my lot on ebay and replaced them w/ the Playtex vent air.
I did save one bottle so I could pump into it thoughI bought this to use with my Avent bottles (which by the way LEAK) and I was very disappointed.
I could not get very much with this and needless to say it was not helping.
Once I started using a Medela Electric pump, I got tons of milk!
I am actually a stay at home mom but this came in handy in MANY ways.
I had read that breat milk can increase or worsen jaundice so I pumped to save the milk for when she got out of the hospital.
The ice packs were definatly a plus and so was the cooler bag.
I had frozen just the bag to keep it cooler along with the ice packs and that really helped keep it colder longer.
But if you prefer Avent you can just pop a nipple on the bottle and wha-la, ready to feed.
I NEVER had a problem with not pumping (or producing) enough milk.
This also came in handy and quickly reduced engorgement for me.
i returned home and rented the medela for a month and hated it.
I doesnt hurt my nipples like the electric breast pump does as I can control it with every squeeze.
It doesnt hurt my wrist (as one might think.)
I only supplement my daughter with one bottle of EBM at night.
I get most of the milk in just a few minutes and the one hand operation is simple.Drawbacks: it can be tricky to get the suction going, but little pumps at first followed by long slow pumps will eventually get it.
Also, I've found that I can still get milk out with my electric even after I'm done with the Isis.
Manually pumping both breasts one at a time takes more than twice as long as double electric pumping to get the same amounts of milk.
It would be impossible for me to keep pumping at work if I had to take that much time out of every work day.
However I do keep this pump in my desk drawer for emergencies (like the time I forgot my other pump at home) or for out-of-office meetings (because it's small and discrete).
I pump constantly as my son is very finicky as to when he wants a bottle or a breast in his mouth.
Easy to use and clean.
The carrying case is great for when I go back to work and it can also be used as a carrying bag for keeping milk/formula cold when you go out.
You want to get a nipple on and feed.
Sometimes if I put down the pump on the bed and it tips a bit I get spillage from where the pump connects to the bottleI based my decision to purchase this pump based on all the reviews it got.
However, it takes me about 20 minutes to pump 4 ounces.. on a good day!!
I average 2-3 ounces every hour and half.. at 20 minutes at a time.. which is rediculous.
Since I am not working I wanted a hand pump rather than electric for occasional night out so I got Isis.
The first time I used it (1 week after giving birth), it took me 45 minutes to pump 1 1/2 oz!
I thought it to be terrible!
So I bought a Madela electric.But as months passed I got a little bit more experienced in breast feeding, I realized that if I knew how stimulate a "let down" that the Isis would have worked for me.
It took me 45 minutes the first time I used Isis because I never had a let down.
Unlike Madela which simulate a baby's sucking which then stimulated a "let down", with Isis it is up to me to get myself to "let down".Isis would work great for any mother if: 1-you pump while your baby is breastfeeding on the other breast or 2-if you know how to stimulate your breast enough to stimulate a "let down".My Isis did squeak when I used it, so beware if you plan on pumping with this in public if this sort of thing embarasses youI had NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO idea..!!!
I was in pain for days after I gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern.
I had a low milk supply and breastpumping for 1 hour for only 4ounces - this was not a joke!
already, I would think... yes and with only 4 oz to show.
Here I go with the stupid MANUEL pump... NO..
I originally purchased a Gerber pump and it worked until it cracked.
I needed a pump in my price range so I chose the Avent.I like how the suction mimics a baby's latch but milk gets stuck everywhere and it leaks all over the place.
The pump also makes an annoying squeaking noise and sometimes I lose suction.
The only thing I have a problem with is the little noise it makes whenever I pump and it feels not private.
I think, since its plastic rubbing plastic it just makes the noise after awhile you pumpI love the Advent line & highly recommend their bottles & microwave sterilizer, but this breast pump is awful!
The prong that connects to the handle, which creates the vacuum to pull the milk out, consistently becomes unlatched breaking the vacuum so you have to fix it and start all over.
The only reason it got a two stars rating was because the pump handle does fit extremely well on the bottles and everything fits in the bag nicelyI bought this pump after seeing the success a coworker had with the ISIS pump.
By the time I went back to work I had a very nice supply of milk in the freezer and was comfortable pumping at work.Why I like it - 1) it's discrete, you can pump anywhere without the noise of an electic pump and the black case looks like any other professional bag a woman would carry 2) it's portable, It's small and light to carry around - even with a few bottles of milk.
I know a few reviews state that there are too many parts and it's hard to put together, but I can do it in 15 seconds flat 4) it's comfortable - I think any breastpump may be awkward to use at first, but compared to an electric pump I tried my nipples and breasts were much more comfortable with the ISIS pumpI think for the price, you can't beat it.
I nursed my 2nd child exclusively for 13 months, and I used this pump to express milk so that my husband could feed him.
He never really took on the bottle, but that's a different story.
Anyway, I just couldn't justify having to spend a couple of hundred dollars for a pump--maybe if I was working and wanted to continue breastfeeding, I probably would have.
I had no problem expressing 4 ounces of milk in about 10 minutes, and it didn't hurt either--it actually felt comfortable.
Maybe it was me being a first time mom, but I swore off that pump.
She did not latched on properly and I got really sore within the first couple of days.
Then when she was 6 weeks old, I had to leave her (unexpectedly) to attend my father's funeral in California.
I couldn't take her with me--she was too young.
I was gone for 3 days, and I did not want my milk supply to dwindle down, so this pump helped a lot.
And then I pumped while I was gone--I did it on the plane restroom and airport restrooms very discretely, and I was done in about 15 minutes at a time.
This helped me keep my milk supply while I was gone so when I got back, I just continued on like I was not gone.
I also like that the bottles fit onto the pump-nothing extra to buy (and clean).
I found it to be an incredible nusance, so I borrowed a friend's Medela electric pump.
bottle in 5 minutes.
I suggest using it without the let down massage cushion.
This is my third child and I have breastfeed all three.
The one-hand squeeze handle allows me to do other things while pumping!
I also like the carrying bag, which is subtle and good for work - it can even be used as a lunch box when you are done breastfeeding.However, the nipples in this kit are very hard and the speed on the slow flow was far too fast for my newborn (when I tested the milk on my wrist, I didn't get a drop - it squirts).
This has worked fine for me, though if I were not pumping at work I would not pay the extra money to have the kit.
Since I pump at work, the insulated bag is helpfulI used this product briefly and found it to be great for the price.
I used the electric Medella pump in the hospital and found this pump to be very comparable.
I would recommend to anyone who is considering breast feedingI had this pump with my first child back in 2003 and I worked great for when I was at work but it was messy.
The milk always seemed to leak out underneath the plastic insert, so I took that out and it helped a little bit.
I also had probably with the pump maybe working a little TOO WELL and would stimulate my "let down" and so it was a panic to keep myself from wetting my shirt on the other breast I wasn't pumping, while I kept pumping and answered phones!
I was a night receptionist so I just pumped away while working.I like that it comes with a bag that is nice and stylish.
I saved this and I will use it with my next baby due in Sept. 2009After trying a dual electric pump that was very uncomfortable for me I tried the Isis berast pump and never looked back.
I could not control the suction with the electric pump and, however with the Isis I was able to control the pressure and was able to completely empty both breasts in less than 20 minutes total.
And my hand never got tired from manually pumping.
I used this product years ago with my daughter and I am adding it to my registry for my second child.
Its a moust-have for breastfeeding mothersWhen my son was put in the NICU, he immediately stopped nursing.
I'm assuming it was due to the stress.
While I was at the hosptal, I used their Ameda Elite hospital pump, but at home, I was pumping full time with this pump.
It gets the job done quickly and the handle is very comfortable.The milk can leak out the sides, which can be very upsetting, especially if you're pumping for a hospitalized newborn and you need every drop you can get.
Don't tilt it at all!I didn't have any problems with creaking, and if I did, I'd just take it apart and put it together and the problem was solved.I also know some had problems with the milk getting backed up and the silicone star not letting the milk flow to the container, but you just have to be sure to release the handle completely so the milk can flow out.
Another way to get it into the container is the break the suction between the pump and breast and pump the handle a few times.This pump worked great and I was able to come up with ways to avoid problems until I had used it (full time) for a month and a half.
The star would start getting sucked up into the top even if I slightly pumped the handle.
They said to boil the silicone parts for 10 minutes in water and 2 teaspoons of white vinegar... and viola!
Problem solved.
If you use it as much as I did, the tackiness of the silicone wears and has to be fixed by the boiling.Lastly, I read some had problems getting everything to fit in the bag.
My advice is this: Remember how it was packaged in the first place!
Before you take it out of the bag, take note of how it's arranged.
After several attempts, I finally got it all back in.All in all, it's a great pump if you don't want to invest in an electric pump, or if you're only pumping occationally and you work around some of the little issues.
After I returned from the hospital and my milk came in, boy was I engorged!!
I hadn't expected to have to use this until I actually went back to work, but I was hurtin bad and was so greatful I had this already.
I don't know what I would have done if I didn't have one yet-probably exploded!I went back to work as my son turned 2 months old.
I work in a small office with nothing but a handful of men...with one bathroom!
So I didn't want an electric one where everyone could hear an odd humming sound coming from the closed door.
With this one, I can discreetly pump in the bathroom for about 10 minutes.
It expresses the milk pretty fast in my opinion and it doesn't really hurt.
It's great to store the milk in if you need to or for the ride home.
It keeps it at a good temperature until you can get to a refridgerator again (I don't use the cold packs).All in all, this is a great breast pump set in every way.Something else that is great is that I own the Avent Microwave Steam Sterilizer and it has slots especially for the Avent pump to click into-and Avent bottles.
It only takes 4 minutes in the microwave to have everything sterilized.
I simply got this set to use both at home & work, and am I glad that I didn't need electric pump to express milk quickly - with ISIS, I can get 1 oz foremilk in less than a minute!
Of course it takes a little longer for hindmilk because the pressure from the breast is less by then.
On average it takes less than 10 minutes to pump 4-5 oz.I was back to work 2 weeks ago & have been using it twice a day.
You just have to make sure that you don't turn the connecting "neck" while pumping, else you'll drop the bottle!The numerous parts are a little daunting to assemble in the beginning, but you'll be an expert in no time.
But the kit does have extra valves.The insulated carrying bag is attractive and discrete.
First it was a little hard, but it was only because my milk wasn't coming out at all.
DON'T freeze milk in these bottles - use a bag - they didn't seal properly and the milk went badThis pump is comfortable, easy to use, and affordable.
I wish I could find replacement parts more easily - my only complaintI pump just as fast from this pump as I do from the electric hospital grade one that I rented for the first month!
Of course, you can only pump one side at a time, but I actually like haveing the other hand free to read or email.The AVENT instructions say that some users can use the pump without the "cushion."
I did it this way first because when I was putting it together I did not see the petal cushion.
So if you are having problems with the pump try it without the cushion.
The hospital grade electric pumps did not have cushions, so that was what I was used to anyway.My only complaint is that the star vaulve is annoying.
It sometimes falls out - while pumping and suction is lost and you have to take the whole thing apart to put the star vaulve back in.
For this reason, I like the cheapo Medela hand pump a little better.But for all you out there deciding between electric and manual - I am one user telling you that I get EXACTLY the same results with this manual as with an electric.
(4 to 6 ounces in 15 to 20 minutesMy friend gave me her pump when she was finished with it, I just boiled all the parts, and then threw them in the dishwasher.
It took me about 4 times (4 days) to figure out how the pump suction needs to be for myself.The other complaint I have with the pump is the parts that screw together to make the pump complete come unscrewed throughout the pump time.
This is really anoying while you're trying to pump.Overall it's ok, but I think I can find another oneI have been using this twice a day since going back to work almost four months ago.
I can get between 7 and 10 ounces in 10 minutes.
It wasn't operator error - it worked, it just didn't work well, and it didn't work equally well on both breasts (one is larger).
I had to go with an electric, and even then I still would have been better off with a variable shieldI bought other more expensive racks.
Simple and goes with all kitchen decor, love itI was looking for a small drying rack for Sigg water bottles and this is perfect.
Also, not pictured, is a little attachment for tops and lidsThis thing is pretty good for a bottle drying rack, comes with a little shelf for drying nipples, Sturdy, drains well, allows you to make different configurations in consideration of your bottle sizes.
COmes with a kinda flimsy bottle brush, will be a back up.
Good productUsing it for all the baby items - pacifiers, nipples, etc...
Holds the right amount, drains right into the sink and also has a small hook on tray for drying items that won't fit on one of the &#34;stems&#34;.
They stick very well, even on uneven surfaces.
They are easy to cut and to mount exactly where needed.
So you have to pull of many pieces and join them together on a long strip.
It has already prevented my child from a scrape.
I have a glass table and I was worried about my 1-year-old niece visiting.The corners helped a lot as did putting a tablecloth over my table.
Baby crawls without looking what is ahead, he hit the coffee table edge mostly, but I have this on the edge...
very easy to use and installI have used it on both a glass-topped table & wooden crib.
Very functional & economicali reviewed similar product from this company before.
it is a good product which can absorb force well so all in all it serves it purpose well.One thing it can improve on is the adhesive glue used for bonding.
If your table is dirty, it won't stick as well!
I've seen some reviews saying that it's not very attractive... of course it isn't!
I'm not 100% comfortable with that as it is fire retardant-treated despite being labeled non-latex and non-toxic.
The written instructions for Step 1 say "see the diagram" and do not elaborate, making the instructions worthless.
The 3M sticky tape is REALLY sticky.
Do not expect to get it off your furniture or to reuse these edge guards - the tape will cling to your furniture and to the guards, destroying both.In the end I was unable to install my guards properly - they attached to the furniture crookedly and then I couldn't un-stick them in order to make it right.
The guards are nice, thick foam, but that doesn't matter if the installation goes miserably.You can see my photos of the final results I got in the Customer Image GalleryNice bumpers.
The only down fall is that they may be too soft.
Not worried about baby's head hitting the table anymore.
Thank youI gave it only four stars because the item arrived with some of it missing,that was however resolved.The product does what it is supposed toMy crazy bruiser has made this probably the best baby purchase I made.
Well i procrastinated and didn't put it up till this week.
problem was i could not find the adhesive to attach the thing to the table.
another plus we had about 6 inches left over that we used to cover our desk pull out keyboard thing.
can't beat thatWe LOVE Prince Lionheart products.
This are awesome around our coffee table, end tables and entertainment center.
So occasionally I have to re-stick it once it comes loose.
But at the same time, I fear my daughter would figure out that she can pull it off.I'll see how that goes but so far I'm content with this.Cutting the roll itself seems a bit annoying.
They stick fairly well, but a toddler could peel them off if motivated.
We have even used this around a rock fireplace base and it stayed stuck.
The longer guard is easy to cut for whatever length is needed.
I've reordered and used this product for two houses and I will reorder again if I ever need moreI think my daughter would pull off any table corner I put on, but this one at least seems the most sturdy and is easy to put back on when she does pull it off.
The chocolate is the closest color we could get to our espresso tables, nothing is going to look great, but this at least looks decent and cleanJust installed in on my coffee table and it is not an eyesore!
Will be buying more to apply to the underside corners and the leg corners - for some reason my son keeps hitting his head on every corner possibleThis a great product.
Good productPeople seem to have unrealistic expectations of products sometimes.
They want it to stick like crazy YET not hurt their furniture.
I bought this to try to cover some of the worst corners.
He hasn't paid any attention to the padding nor tried to pull it off YET.
I'm satisfied for the moment...I'll update if that changes.I deducted a star because I ordered beige and got chocolate...not worth the hassle to return it.
On a second order, we did get the beige but it is darker than they make it look in the photo.
It serves it purpose well.
You'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.They were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table.
I can't believe how awful my table looksI needed a solution for a sharp tile step down into my living room- every time I stepped down I envisioned my baby cracking her skull on that :( I was hesitant to buy this, though, because I was skeptical that it would stick and chocolate seemed like the wrong color to match my tile.
We're going to use the corner pieces on a table of mine and I've already checked the color there too.
Not great against some sort of reddish brown wood, but miles ahead of the hideous Safety 1st Expandable Table Edge Bumper.
The expandable thing doesn't fit the sizes listed (no way it will work on a 90 inch table) and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970sI just installed these a couple of days ago, so I will downgrade my review if I have any problems in the future.
Mine came with a 3M tape, and the installation seems very sticky.
If the tape was in one roll, that would also make installation of the foam strip easier because you could put one piece of tape on the foam, and just pull the backing away from the two ends to get it aligned properly before pulling off the rest of the backing and securing the middle of the strip to the table.2.
It would have been better if it came in strips (perhaps two 6-foot strips or four 3-foot strips), but I do realize this would have also increased the shipping cost.3.
I am sure there must have been some things that would have made installation easier, but they included no directions other than simple pictures showing to put the tape on the foam and stick the foam on the tableWe have a raised stone hearth fireplace.
It is super easy to put on, works really well and I KNOW we would have had lots more tears, bumbs, cuts, bangs, etc.
The straight pieces can easily be made into corner pieces, since four corners go quicklyOther reviews have said that this product is difficult to cut, but I used a pair of ordinary scissors and didn't have any problem whatsoever.
I cut the foam a bit short and then just stretched it to fit.
EasyThis took care of our immediate need - PROTECT THE BABY'S HEAD.
:) This was easy to put around our oblong coffee table and didn't leave too bad of a sticky mess when we needed to remove it.
Since I don't have kids yet (we are adopting) I can't really comment about the durability.
If not I will do what some of the other posters suggested.It wasn't difficult to cut the foam to length.
It cut slightly jagged, but since I cut on the long side adjusting it wasn't a problem.
The finish product doesn't look funny or leave any gaps at allA lot of reviews say that the stickiness of the tape isn't that great, and it isn't- but so far it's not a problem.
A definite for anyone with a fireplace and a squishy little handful of a babyWe put this on our coffee table six months ago, all but one of the corners have fallen off repeatedly.
The long strips dont really protect my child much.
She will still bump into the table at times and it doesnt offer much cushion.
The tape provided is not sticky enough.
The adhesive has stood up to 18 months of abuse by my toddler and pre-schooler.
No lifting or peeling.
Use more sticky stuff than you think you need.
There was plenty of adhesive tape for the entire length, which I know was a concern for other similar products.
Cuts easy, tape is sticky and hasn't peeled off.
My son peeled it off immediately and the wall plaster came off and he was trying to eat it.So I.
But I think this is the only solution out there to protect cornersProvides the right amount of cushion.
This product was great and came with lots of strong double sided tapeThe table was a little larger but cutting it to leave a 1" space in the center of each length works great.
It looks good and you don't even notice its thereWe have a big fireplace and this fit it, with some left over.
Great product, Great priceso glad we put these on when we did.
My 11 mo old daughter has bumped her head many-a-time since we put these on our tables and shelves about 3 months ago, and has not been hurt once.
They are still sticking strong tooI don't understand why they would make a product that does not fit standard corner tables!
I do wish that it came with a LOT more tape so that when it does come off I can just put it back onGood idea but this is very cheaply made... it is not sticky enough to stay on anything... my 6 month old baby would just yank it off immediately.
I wish I never purchased this because you'd basically have to crazy glue to your furniture and there's no way I am doing thatI'm just worried for when i need to remove it!
I even used it on a wall corner near the play area.
This product works great on my entertainment center and my lower window sills.
The product sticks great and my little one can't pull them off.
Just this morning he walked over to the window and fell and hit his head on the sill and he didn't get hurt.
I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with little onesI bought a Safety First Foam Edge Bumper from Wal-Mart for the SAME price as this that was only about 5ft and didn't have corners, and it was already cut into strips.
That was a HUGE mistake.
It contains more than twice as much foam - PLUS corners, you can cut it to whatever size you need, it bends around curves, and It's MUCH softer than the Safety First bumper!I love it, and it's perfect.
I suspect people who said it doesn't stick did not clean/dry the surface properly, touched the tape too much, or maybe had a textured surface.
Would recommendI put this on my coffee table and it works great.
So far it has stuck well and I feel so much better not having to worry about our little guy falling into the sharp edge.
Wasn't too crazy about the type of adhesive that comes with it, but I look at it this way....
I'd rather re-finish my wood coffee tabble than deal with all the boo-boos and broken teeth it(my coffee table) has caused!
(I have three kiddos and this coffee table has taken a tooth from two of them before they were 2yrs old) I'm hoping this protector will prevent that with my third little one!
Personally I hate this coffee table, but my husband will not get rid of it...
I like that it streches a bit, and I had plenty of adhesive left over!
I rate this product 4 stars, definitely worth the price just know that adhesive is going to be a consern when I remove the productWe use this on the bottom edge of our coffee table because the baby loves to crawl underneath and then he hits his head on the way out.
This sticks well and he really has not hurt his head since we put it on.
Has saved my son from some nasty bumps and bruises many times.
Wish it came in blackI have an espresso wooden rectangular coffee table.
I applied the edge guard on both the top of the table and the lower table that sits close to the ground.My little one was making us so nervous from hitting her head on this thing before so now we don't have to sit there with our hands over the corners when she plays around it!
When I googled some babyproofing options for coffee tables I read a lot of stories about some really gory coffee table accidents so I do think this is worth it even if they aren't the most attractive thing in the worldGreat product!
It has stayed in place for the most part.
The corner pieces tend to easily come off with a little one around.
The only con is that it is a bit pricey.
*FOR A CHEAPER but not so pretty ALTERNATIVE: Head to your local home improvement store and get pipe covers/insulation which are foam and come in varied sizes.
You'd need to tape it somehow but each strip is long and costs less than a dollar.
I covered a large coffee table for around $3 and some blue painters tapeBought this item to line the corners of the coffee table, side tables, and fire place.
It has worked out nicely and did not have any problem w/ the double sided sticky.
You can customize the padding by cutting themI ordered 2 packages in order to cover the appropriate circumference of 1 coffee table and the front edges of two end tables.
That means I was completely short and could not complete my project.
Aside from the lack of length, the product works well and seems secure.
I would have ordered more had I known about the length.
It's quite a disparity between 7' and 12', so purchase appropriatelyThese provide protection for our daughter on the coffee table.
My only complaint is that the corners don't stay on and that's where we need it the mostMy only big gripe is that they are stingy on the adhesive you can just get all your edge guard on with the adhesive.
Just dont waste any part of the adhesive it is precious.
Also, they are soft enough to prevent bruises when they do fall into themThis blends well with our coffee table and kept my little one safe.
You can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?
Then you go to take it off because your child has spilled parmesan cheese and... what...the?
The wood came off.
I expected to have to use some Goo-Be-Gone to get off the adhesive but this actually destroyed the table.
Not like a dent that could be sanded.
I piece of wood literally splintered off.
So, while this product will protect your kid's noggin, don't put it on a piece of furniture you likeThese work for small corner surfaces.
If you have a large surface to cover, like a table corner, make sure that you cut the strip in half.
If you put it on as one long strip it will fall off.
It has given me more peace of mind to let him walk without worrying too much.I have brown ones on my wood so it looks betterGood quality product.
We had a hard time getting it to stick to our fireplace because it has wood around the brick hearth and the corners aren't flat.
Thank youThese have a nice amount of cushioning to protect my 9 month old daughter as she &#34;cruises&#34; around our coffee table.
It is difficult to get them to stay adhered without putting adhesive tape on BOTH sides.
If I had the time and money, I might purchase again and install it better knowing what I know now, but it works fineThis product does not adhere well.
I have tried it on wood, metal, and painted surfaces.
Overall, I rate this item with 2 stars because the neutral color does not attract my toddler's attention and the cushion does prevent painful head bumpsQuite simply this product does what it says.
I accidentally ordered 2 packs and in brown but I like it anyway.
Just gives me peace of mind to now that if my daughter should bump into a table corner the blow will be cusionedClean your coffee table or whatever well for the sticky to stick especially on a round glass table top.
Protects the kiddo's noggin pretty wellI have tried tons of different bumpers and my favorite is prince lionheart, it is easy to apply and is nice looking as wellWhen you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.
(I suppose if you use a stronger adhesive you would run the risk of damaging the table).Only buy if you have a large top face and edge to the table with no decorative surface changes (must be completely flat to hold at allMy daughter's bed had sharp edges and she once bumped her head pretty bad and didnt want to sleep in her bed anymore.
So I brought this to resolve that issue and prevent further damage-- works wellThese bumpers work well on our wooden coffee table.
Our daughter has already hit her head on the edge and she was not injured at all.
They're ugly, but I'm not sure how a bumper could be more attractive.
It seems pretty stuck with the tape they gave you.
It has stuck really well onto our fireplace (which is small, square, not totally even tile) for 2 weeks now.
The corners fit better, and the tape works a lot betterThis is the worst thing ever.
It sticks for one week and then its down.
I put in on my coffe table and end tables and they are all damage because of the tape.Don't buy itThis product works rather well.
The fragment of about 20 inches in length had to be cut off due to severe distortion.
My brother used these for my nephews and keeps them on things because his niece (my daughter) is now toddling about.
I like them, they don't hurt your furniture (don't sue me if they hurt yours, but they didn't hurt mine or my brother's).
This is often the difference between a quizzical look and a meltdownThis product comes with special double-sided sticky tape to attach the guards.
I used the table corners for the corners of low window sills that are in his play area and it works well to protect him from falling on them and doubles as a teether.
It&#699;s a very soft, spongy material.
I assumed we would try it and then rig something else up (velcro, etc) if it didn't work.
My 11 month old goes up to it and tries to chew it (for all the chew toys that child has?!)
and it stays put no problem.
Since we have an old, beat-up coffee table, it didn't really affect the looks of our furniture much.
And it does leave behind some pretty substantial sticky bits when it comes off, I've just been too lazy to clean it up with anything yet.
Overall a good investmentWe like the product and works very well.
It's a little pricey but overall good product.
seems a bit old perhaps, because when I unroll it the foam is showing stress marks from being rolled up too long, and appears to crack from being dry rot?
lets see how long it lastsThese are very basic.
I don't see this lasting a long time.
For the money, I'd reccommend the Wendy Bellisomo brand of cover - they're a better material than these areI wish I had two!
Well, I have had NO color fading and the shrinkage has been minimal, and certainly not to the degree others had mentioned.
I have washed the cover over and over on hot and then let it air dry instead of putting it in the dryer.
Maybe that's why I havent had so much of a shrinkage problem.
They are totally falling apart at the elastic.
It makes it less messy (especially early on) and doesn't require washing as much.
I also washed them in cold water with Baby Dreft detergent, hung them to dry and rotated the 3 covers that we have.While it is a nice product while it lasts, I just expected them to be more durableThis works well with the contour changing pad.
The only problem I have with them is that they shrink a little when you wash them.
Besides, the darn things get all kinds of yuck on them all day.
They are going to take a beating being washed all the time as it is.
I would buy them againWashed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief!
Just give it a godo not waste your moneyi got it and i tried with 2 strollers the same exact one but it would not work goodyou can not move that much and its hard to make a turnI connected two different brands, a double jeep and single (?
LoveI like the idea of this however they do not stay connected very well.
The rubber inserts do fall out easily, so I can tell these may not last long.
They only work with one thickness of bar so they are not compatible with all strollers.
I felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing...boy, was I wrong!
Plus, the material grips on wooden chairs; it's never budged when our active two-year-old is using it.
Sure, it's lightweight, but the supplied carrying case is roughly the size of a bowling ball bag.
Plus, the bag is very cheap and unattractive; basically they're selling you the packaging as a carrying case.Lastly, we haven't seen the Booster effect any great improvement in our son's attention span at the table - when he wants to get down, he wants to get down, period.
If anything, our son is frustrated by the Booster because its size prevents him from climbing into his chair unassisted.
Because he's in the toddler independence phase, he'd often rather climb into another chair by himself rather than be lifted into the Booster.So, the Booster does a great job of providing a simple-to-use and easy-to-maintain solution at home, but if you take your little one out frequently, a more portable options would suit you better.PROS* Stable, soft foam stays in place without marking chairs* Very easy to clean with one-piece constructionCONS* Bulky on the go* Will frustrate toddlers who like to climb into their own chairAfter tiring of wiping up trays that didn't stay put, straps that couldn't be cleaned completely and levers that didn't operate easily, we tossed our high chair and booster seats for this absolutely WONDERFUL little seat.
Made of an interesting foamy material, it actually stays where you put it on a chair so your little one can eat like a "big person" at the table with you.
The surface wipes clean easily, it's portable and comes in its own plastic carry case so you can toss it in the car to bring along to restaurants (who wants to use a filthy universal high chair that maybe 1000+ kids have spilled on before yours??
We bought ours in the store and there was a choice of Aqua, Red, Black, Royal Blue and Purple.
The price is right in line with other toddler feeding contraptions, and this one will grow with your child till they are old enough to sit without a booster.
There are no straps on this seat, however, so don't expect to prop a baby inside...your child must be at least 18 months old OR old enough to sit still while eating and not topple outMy 16 month old daughter has gotten to the stage where she no longer wants to use a highchair or any of those other booster seats with the trays (ie.
The booster wipes clean very easily, sticks to the chair very well, and the seat itself is non-slip, so our daugher does not slouch and side off this seat like she did with other hard plastic boosters.
Best of all, the seat brings her to the perfect height at our table (much better fit than the hard plastic boosters) and she appears to be much more comfortable (not to mention our once picky eater is now happily eating everything she sees now).
This booster seat seems to have completely changed the way my daughter looks at meal time for the better.
We're looking forward to using this booster for the next couple of years, and since it's so portable, we only need to buy one and just take it everywhere we go.One thing I should mention, I wouldn't buy this booster for a child who is overly active and doesn't like to sit still.
Definitely a must haveMy 2 1/2 year olds highchair was terrible, so I threw it out on his first b-day.
* The "carry case" is cheap and really the size of a diaper bag... uhh sorry I already have one of those* leaves his feat dangling, although this is a problem occuring in MANY booster seatsThis is just a booster.
He loves his booster and loves being a big bow v.s sitting in a highchair like his little brotherFor the older toddler, this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays.
The hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable, even when strapped around the chair.
The trays don't leave enough room for a bigger child's legs.
It feels stable on wood chairs, and it allows the child to sit at the big people's table.
Obviously, it's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess, but it's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl.
It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue.
Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing.
Your chair does need to be made of something to "grip" this chair, such as a wooden chair.
This didn't happen for us for a while and I really think any other brands would have the same problem, so this one's the best in the market.
My daughter fell and hit her face on the corner guard and her mouth still bled, though the damage would have been much worse without the corner guard.
It's definitely better to have these than nothing at allThis is a great product.
They do what they are supposed to do, at least on my desk.
However, I have not attempted to take them off yet, and i'm sure a little 'Goo-Gone' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes.
I will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish, but then again you can't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury, which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner!
For this 'peace of mind', I give this product 5 stars.
One more thing... there is NO substitute for proper and constant child supervisionI must have a newer version because mine stick just fine.
I haven't had to take them off the table so I can't speak to the residue part, but these are snug and protectiveThese don't stick at all!
The adhesive wouldn't restick either.
I have yet to find a good double sticky tapeUse these on areas where the Jumbo size is just too big.
It;s not 3M just some generic stuff that is inferior.
Also, once they did start to come off, I noticed it was leaving that sticky residue behind on my coffee tableI'm not judging anyone else, but I was very surprised when I read how many people wrote about these coming off or being pulled off.
I guess my daughter never tried very hard, but they are really stuck tight.
I've had one set for about 14 months, and bought a 2nd set for another table about 8 months ago, and they're not going anywhere.
They don't look too bad either, since the dark color matches most of my furniture.
I do wish they came in more colors for some of my lighter woodI ordered these for our coffee table corners.
The are rounded corners, but not so round they can't knock a little noggin.
From the information I read about this product it said to order the jumbo/wider (rather than standard size) guards.
But they won't work for the coffee table and that is the area I am the most concerned with at the momentI just put these on some sharp corners in my house and they are great.
There are some tables that require the corner piece and the long padding all around the parameter of the table due to sharp edges, but in most cases, this is enough.
I only wish they were a little less obvious.
Unless you have very light wood furniture, these things stick out like a sore thumb.
I would recommend but of course, if your child is persistent, I am sure he/she would get it off eventually.
So far, so goodit never worked, i cleaned the surface and followed direction...failed.tried with double sided tape... failed.tried with regular tape.... failed.i think the problem is that it's not smooth again the surface on top, so it creates a little gap and easily falls offI considered this when it was full price, 50 bucks.
When I saw it for 25, I just had to get it.
I took it back the next day because the latches that keep the buttons away from Baby broke and the buttons wouldn't work.This second try has been better.
I found it for 12.50 and decided that it would make a gift for someone else if it didn't work for me (man, I can be cruel :) This time, it seems to work pretty well.
I have fingernails, so the button can be a bit tricky until you get the hang of it.I am glad I decided to try this product again, but I wouldn't have paid the 50 bucks for it.
If you can't find it on sale, get a regular CD player: they plug in and are cheaperWe love this product.
It is a crib cd player, not a house cd player.
It's plenty loud enough for his tiny nursery, and i've never turned it all the way up.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the battery issue - it eats batteries worse than any other toy he has - including the swing which we use much more often.I thought that was strange, and if it does take that much power, it should come with rechargable batteries.Maybe the next model :)overall we're very pleased thoughI really like this CD player.
I do not understand why it has such a low review.
*The volume does not get very loud but for what this is designed for it is fine.
I put in a lullaby CD and he drifts off to sleep.
Maybe in the next version the manufacture will include this.
*As far as the CD's ckipping when hit, I solved that by sliding a piece of foam between the play and the rails of the crib.
I don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than I don't think I will.
You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd'scould not even try it it didn't fit on our crib.
My baby uses it every time she goes to sleep...at night and for naps.
I gave it 4 stars cause I wish it would play louder,...but it truly is worth buyingWhat a disappointment!
I exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems.
We love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaperI thought this would be a great idea.
I didnt want to stratch the crib rails up so we took them back.
When we did try to play a cd in them it skipped.
When he moved to a big boy bed we placed it on the dresser.
In fact, I found myself turning it down on numerous occasions as I could here it in other rooms and it seemed like it was blaring.
The cd compartment is a little hard to get into and yes it is a little noisy but who in their right mind is going to change a cd while their baby is already sleeping.
It shouldn't take longer than the 20 songs or so on a regular lullaby cd to get your baby to sleep.
I had to put all my strength into it and when it finally decided to open, the whole cd player flew out of my hand, hit the wall, the front compartment broke off and well needless to say wouldn't play another cd after that.
It's ridiculous to have such an item for only 3 years and then have to garbage it because it's so poorly made.
So I guess it serves it's purpose just inconveniently.
I debated buying another one in hopes "First Years" would have fixed these issues but honestly I'd rather find another product who can make things right the first timeWe have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.
However, if our son sits down to pee, he gets pee all over the place.
The cheap "bob the builder" toilet seat does a better job of keeping the pee in the toilet while he is sitting.
Love that it wipes clean if it gets messy2) Built in pee guard for boys... We had another seat with a snap on attachment, and of course it got lost while our daughter was using it.3) very sturdy and stable on toilet.
It is much less messy.
We have a boy and the front of the seat is high so it keeps the pee in the toilet for the most part.
It not heavy in case the finger gets in between the seatAfter some little potty chair fails, I decided to try out a seat that fits on the big toilet.
I do have a girl though so I cant vouch if it works for the little guys.It has a device underneath that tightens it onto the big toilet seat.
My toilet seat is the flat plastic kind so it went on with little problem.
She can even put it on the toilet herselfI definitely, wholeheartedly recommend the Baby Bjorn toilet seat reducer.This seat is contoured in a way that makes it comfortable to sit on and boy's pee goes into the toilet.There is a kind-of dial thing at the back that you turn to make the seat fit snugly and securely onto your toilet so it does not shift when your little one is on it.The handle at the back means you can hang it on a little hook if you wanted to stick one of those removable 3M hooks to your wall.I also give bonus points for the colour- white without a licensed TV character in sightWe've tried a few different brands of potty seats, and this is by far our favorite.
Unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning, and the Baby Bjorn training seat doesn't fit it.
It safe and looks niceMy son is 21 months old and likes the bear on the product, which entices him to sit down on it.
There is no risk of him falling in, and it doesn't seem to slipWhile I think it's a great fit for the toilet, my daughter won't sit on it for more than a couple minutes, having to adjust every few seconds because she says it &#34;isn't comfy&#34;.
I'm going to have to buy a cheap padded one I guess.
Pretty expensivethis fits my elongated toilet which the padded cartoon character seats will not.
The splashguard doesn't really do much for boys and because of it, my son can't keep his legs close together like he can on the mini toilets in his daycare, so he has to be very conscious to not spray when he pees.I think it's a bit bulky for travelling.
we have a folding potty seat that we bring with us for travellingBefore buying this seat, we used a generic seat from a local department store that was padded and pretty flat, with a slight "pee shield" in front.
It was pretty bulky and messy, so we looked elsewhere.
The Bjorn Toilet Trainer is definitely more contoured to little peoples' bodies, which is great, but we still found it to be pretty messy.It fits our toilet great- it doesn't slip at all.
I can't really blame the Bjorn, though, as it seems to be just the fact that it is made out of plastic.I like that it is so slim, so it doesn't add much height to the existing toilet.
It's also very simplistic, so it is easy to clean.Speaking of cleaning, though, I have to clean it after every single use.
I guess I was hoping for a basic seat that would act exactly like a normal toilet seat- the child sits down, the pee goes in the toilet, and you flush it away.
Maybe it is our particular toilet or something, but the splashing created from sitting so close to the edge of the toilet makes quite a mess.
The urine gets on the toilet seat, between the bjorn and the seat, and on the bjorn itself- up under the edges.Honestly, I'm not really sure how the device could be improved to prevent this issue.
I'd say- spend less money for a basic seat that you still have to clean up, but at least you'd have saved money!
If you buy this seat (at least, for a boy), keep some wipes handy to keep your toilet seat clean for others to useI bought BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer to potty train my son.
There is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the Toile Trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat.
Now if I have to reinstall the seat, I pre-adjust it and then position it onto the regular toilet seatIt fits my toto oval shape toilet bowl, I like it!
there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip, but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets, though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly.
(but then if your kid isn't too young, you probably won't need a trainer for a small toilet.)
I bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the Bjorn and so glad we did.
This seems well built but just in case anyone was wondering, a little too big for a 75%ile 1 year oldI like this toilet seat.
It keeps his little butt out of the toilet.
He likes it, too.Good for boys, no spray.
Definitely recommend this to anyone who has smaller butts (you know, children) in the houseGood toddler toilet seat.
Fits well on long toilet seat.
It does come up a little easier then I thought but still no issuesWe bought a couple of stand-alone potty seats a few months ago when our daughter was about 20 months old.
Although she was mildly intrigued by them at first and quickly learned what they were for, she seemed to view them more as glorified chairs rather than places to do her business.
After reading tons of potty seat reviews, I decided to purchase this BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer, since it's one of the few on the market that's made of BPA-free, non-toxic polypropylene plastic instead of toxic PVC or vinyl.
As an added bonus, this toilet trainer seat is fully adjustable to fit practically any size toilet seat.
Despite the exact fit, the toilet trainer seat is so easy to put on and remove that a preschooler could probably do it unassisted.
(We hang it on aPotty Hookthat hooks over our toilet tank).As I said in the title of this review, the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer would be just about perfect, if only it had handles for little-ones to hold onto.
Apparently, when toddlers first begin to use the "grown-up toilet," many of them experience an innate fear of falling in, even when using a potty seat insert like this one.
Handles can help alleviate this fear by giving them something to hold onto to anchor themselves while sitting on the potty seat.
When sitting on this toilet trainer seat, she couldn't relax enough to urinate, much less have a bowel movement.
She would either hold my hands or grab onto the sides of the (unsanitary) toilet seat in order to steady herself, but even then, she still couldn't relax enough to do her business.
The first time we used that seat, my daughter immediately grabbed onto the handles and peed for the first time in the toilet!
However, the Arm & Hammer potty seat is too small for my elongated toilet seat, and it's not adjustable, so it constantly slides around when my daughter is on it.
And unfortunately, none of the adjustable potty seats that are readily available on the market (the BabyBjorn, Pourty Flexi-Fit and Prince Lionheart WeePod), has handles.I thought we were doomed to be stuck with the ill-fitting Arm & Hammer potty seat until I came across a nifty product called the "SHANDLE".
The Shandle is a handle that sticks to the underside of your toilet seat with a strong, moisture-proof adhesive strip.
It's intended to help little boys avoid touching the germy toilet seat by providing a more sanitary grab-handle for lifting and lowering the seat.
We just stuck a Shandle on each side of our toilet seat (around the same place that our daughter would grab onto the toilet seat), and voila!
She had two, secure handles to hold onto to anchor herself has she used the toilet trainer seat.
Our daughter isn't yet fully potty-trained, but now she's comfortable enough to pee in the toilet while using her BabyBjorn potty seat, and she looks forward to using the "big potty."
Easy to clean!3.
Child doesn't fall through hole (holds little behinds securely).6.
Carrying handle is great for kids and sanitary for moving the seat around.The only reason I did not give this seat 5 stars is if a little boy is sitting to go #1, you really have to make sure his "aim" is down otherwise as the force of urine stream hits the deflector it can splash up onto his legs a bit (nothing a bit of TP can't hande, though).
If the deflector were a tad higher this problem probably would go away.
The other issue is that if his "aim" isn't directed either right in the center of the deflector or right down into the bowl, the urine can splatter up under the deflector and make its way onto the toilet seat, toilet rim, and/or the back of the kid's pants if the clothing is not pushed down beyond the gap between the toilet seat and rim.No problems with #2.Don't forsee any trouble with little girl use either (daughter will use this seat in about 1 1/2 years).Despite the deflector issue - I would buy this product again there are too many other great attributes of it.
All it means is a little extra foresight for mom and dad when he is getting ready to goI started having my son sit on this and the potty chair when he turned 14 months and he actually prefers sitting on this than the potty chair that is low to the ground.
My son (22 months) has no problem sitting on it.
The shield for boys is not high enough to sit him close to the front but if I move him to the rear of the seat the stream doesn't go over the shield.
Great design, if it wasn't so pricey I would get rid of my portable potties and purchase 2 more of theseThis seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy.
Very easy to use and clean, and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet.
You'll need to watch out for this, and you'll likely have a little spillage from time to time.
Perhaps the next version can offer an expanded splashguard.
She was so scared that she would wait until the very last second to go and she would have accidents because of it.
We ended up purchasing 3 of these because they worked so well.I am only giving it four starts though because we did find that she would hurt her booty and &#34;parts&#34; some times when she would try to slide up on it.
I understand why the bump in the front is there (to stop kids from peeing out the front of it) but if it could be made with a softer material (at least on the front) it might make it easier and less painful for kids to get on and off ofAfter lots of reviews I figured this was the best seat for our long toilet's (Kohler brand).
It made for an easy transition from potty chair to the bigger toiletI think you have to like this toilet trainer.
This is a better model than many alternativesWe have two of these toilet trainers: one for upstairs and one for downstairs.
Easy for my two year old boy to use, non-slip, and does not attach to the toilet, so you simply lift it off to use the regular seat.
Finally a sturdy potty seat for my awkward toilet.
Potty training has been much easier now that my wiggly boy can sit without sliding offThis is the first seat you used for potty training.
I LOVED it for the following reasons: 1. it adjusts to stay in place, 2. it fit all of the toilets in the house (important when you have two round and one elongated toilet), 3. it wasn't padded or cheesy (cheesy characters), and 4.
I potty trained my daughter the week she turned 2 and wanted to be sure that she didn't fall off of the potty, but I also didn't want to deal with emptying a little potty into a big one.
I would give it 4 1/2 starts if I could.
We ended up needing a second seat for another toilet and it had handles.
&#34;You have a toilet seat on your wall!
But whatever, it's an easy way to store it.
The front lip is a little difficult for my son to get over when he's sitting down, but it seems like somewhat of a safety feature, so I'm good with it.I don't really know what to say.
It's not super hard to get that wrong.
I'd recommend this product to othersI have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs.
I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat, easy to clean.
As far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty, he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up.
That doesn't seem to be a big deal to the boys.
It has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes.
However, the toilets in our home have elongated seats and many of the potty seats I looked at were made for standard toilet seats.
I hung a light S-shaped hook over the towelbar on the back wall of the bathtub and use it to hold the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer after it has been rinsed.If you are looking for a quality potty seat which will fit both standard and elongated toilet seats, you should definitely consider the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer.
My 2 year old daughter can lift it up and put it on the toilet.
Great productLove this thing.
Relatively cheap, comes in various colors, has an adjustment knob to 'fit' various toilet sizes, the hooks allows you to hang it (added a tacky hook to bathroom wall) and best of all it doesn't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain.
Had another potty seat that was 'cushioned' -&#62; not sure why a kid needs a cushioned seat, it is not like they will be sitting reading the newspaper for ten minutes at a time - anyway, it didn't take long for the vinyl cushion to get pee and other 'gunk' stuck between the cushion and the plastic rim - and then you have to look at it each time to put it on the toilet.
This is a better optionI purchased this hoping to avoid using a stand alone toilet trainer.
This seat fits snugly onto the toilet and doesn't move around.
We have one of the long oval toilet bowls, and that didn't cause any trouble with this seat.
This only showed up this morning, but already my two and a half year old has nearly figured out how to get it on and off the toilet seat by himself.
It has a nice pee-guard for little boys, and sits down into the toilet a bit so the pee doesn't end up coming out between the toilet and seat.
We put a big sturdy step stool in front of the toilet, and my son is so excited now that he can get up there and down again by himselfWorks well, but you basically need to also buy the steps that go with it or your kid cannot get on the potty by themselves.. which is the point.
Our 2.5yr old has no problem getting on this herself with the help of a step stool and she likes the fact that she's going potty like a grown-up.
It is a great size for a little two-year-old learning to sit on the toilet.
The front part can get a little messy if they scoot forward after using the bathroom, but the surface is very easy to clean.
No complaints from the kids eitherNow I know why the cheap potty seats are so cheap.
Wish I has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones.
It's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son's house and the one at my house.
My granddaughter wouldn't sit one the "cheap" one bought originally but really likes this one.
I have only found one toilet that it did not fit on.
Seat is made in SwedenThis product really does fit ALL toilets.
We used it on the road at a hotel, and it fit on the hotel's elongated toilet.
We have a hook on the wall for hanging it when she's not using it.
She seems to find it comfy to, judging from how long she's willing to sit there sometimes.
And, best of all, it's relieved her totally valid fears of falling into the big potty, which means a lot less little potty clean-up for us.This is our 3rd potty seat.
The other two had soft, foamy seats, which try as we might, we couldn't keep clean.
We ended up tossing them, as they would eventually begin to smell, and become discolored from the inside out.
Easy to clean and lightweight.
Transportable if you need to take it placesIt is so secure when placed on a toilet and really - that's what I was worried about.
I have an oval, enlongated toilet that we use this seat on.
A twist of the dial in back simply adjusts it to fit.
There's no screwing and unscrewing it each time you use it... just do it once for fit.There's a different brand at church that has handles, so I thought he'd miss not having the them to hold onto.
He doesn't miss them at all.
In fact, if you are potty training, it's best to imitate the really thing anyways.
Very happy with this purchaseAll the potty seats I looked at say they are for older children, including this one.
I had started, earlier this summer, putting her on the regular potty when I noticed her struggling with a #2.
So rather than watching her be uncomfortable as she sat in her diaper or stood on her hands and feet in awkward positions, I decided to take her to the potty.
It was tiring and uncomfortable holding her on the regular toilet seat, but using the toilet was effective at helping my daughter do the job she needed to do, plus I've saved several diapers this way.After reading many reviews, I decided to try the Babybjorn Toilet Trainer.
My daughter seems comfortable on it, and I don't have to use as much strength to support her on the toilet since the Babybjorn seat provides a better and more stable sitting surface without me having to worry about her little bottom sinking into the toilet.I have a very small bathroom and just recently purchased a Potty Hook from Babies R Us.
Now the potty seat hangs from the toilet tank and is easily accessible and neat looking.Pros:Sits securely on toilet seatEasy to cleanFlexible handle for hangingCons:Expensive (best price at my time of purchase was here at Amazon)I would recommend it, but I am wondering if the Arm and Hammer seat (which seems to be similar in shape) is comparable.
It is less expensive.
I would like to get another seat for Grandma and Papa's home, but am not sure if I want to spend the same amount of money I spent on the Babybjorn seat since my daughter will be at my home more than at her grandparents' homeFits our toilet seat very without sliding and no space left on sides.
Classy, not gaudy, if you can say that of a toilet seatThis potty works just as described and has been very easy to use.
My only complaint is that for a little boy you do have to be sure to push his privates as downward as possible because the bump at the front is not that high.
I just came back to order another one for upstairs after carrying one back and forth for 1.5 weeks.
Super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!
), I've already followed another reviewer's advice to pop it in a tote bag for when we're out and about- that way, he's not afraid of using the sometimes huge potties in stores!
Also the seat is bulky and very annoying to get it to fit each time.
If anyone who has had a hard time potty training their kids this will make it so much harderWe have bought three of these toilet trainers (one for each bathroom).
Cannot recommend these enoughWe bought one for each bathroom (one upstairs, one on main floor) and it was easier and better to travel with than the little green baby bjorn potty.
There's nothing to improve and nothing more we could wantMy son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet.
This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more comfortable.
He didn't have to fear falling in the toilet with this.
It's ergonomically designed to allow for a comfortable set as well as preventing over shooting with the front elevated partDon't get me wrong, our Bjorn trainer is a keeper- has a great seal, extra pee guard in the front, adjustable fit, and the handle makes for easy storage and cleanup.
But, when it comes to toilet seats for training...let's be honest...you can find a cheaper one that does the job.
This one is just maybe the Cadillac of trainers?
I've returned 4 of them immediately after seeing how the design of the seat would not work for our son (I would have a little Bellagio Fountain spraying on my floor instead of the toilet).
So I sucked it up and threw down the money for the more expensive Baby Bjorn.
It is adjustable to fit into any type of toilet seat.
Highly HIGHLY recommendedMy kids wanted to sit on the toilet quickly, but of course, were too small.
Obviously she didn't do much with either, but she liked to sit on the stand alone potty and pretend she was going, or put her stuffed animals on it to make them pee.
Fast forward to about a week ago, she just turned 2 in August, and she uses this toilet trainer all the time.
Even with a girl, she has managed to pee over the splash guard twice so far, but it is really a small price to pay for how clean and convenient this seat is.
Partially it is because she is so fascinated with seeing what is going on that she leans back and the pee goes out, so it is not actually a flaw in design.
I love that it fits in my (formerly) diaper bag, so she always has a clean toilet seat, even while travelling.
With a step stool, my 2 year old can put this on the toilet herself and get up onto it.
Love the little potty as well, but obviously prefer that there is no clean up required with the seat toppers.
We've had it for over 2 years now, and I'm getting fed up with cleaning up the mess.
Now, that he knows to tuck it inside and keep his legs closed, the mess is on the regular toilet seat.
I have to clean the toilet seat every time I lift the BabyBjorn potty seat.
Maybe I'll change my mind about it once my daughter is old enough to start using it.
But for now, not very impressedWhen we were potty training our daughter, my friend told me that the toilet trainer that goes on toilet might be better to use over the one that sits on the ground because if they get too used to the one on the ground, they may be scared to go on the toilet since it's higher up.
So we bought this one and even if they are still too small, you don't have to worry about them falling into the toilet because of the way it's made.
My son is 11 months and he can sit on the toilet on this and we don't worry about him falling in.
He may try to get off but we just sit there too and bring toys or things for him to do while he sits there and then he doesn't try to climb offGreat seat!
He is able to put this down on the toilet and get on and off it himself.
Also recommend buying potty hooks for a few buck each (may be cheapest at BRU unless things change).
It has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.You can not go wrong with this seatThe lip on this is necessary for boys!
there is a rubber thing inthe back that stops you from placing it on the seat itself, you need to lift up the seat and place it on the dirty part of the rim....all b/c of that stupid rubber thing in the back.
this was a poor designThey thought about the little things that would make this better than the competition.
Very happyI'm sure this is a good toilet seat.
However, I'm not sure if other toddlers new to using a toilet would have similar stresses since this is all new to them.
Maybe this would work better for older childrenI bought this seat based on all the great reviews and I was not disappointed.
I don't have to worry about my son slipping and sliding around as he moves on the potty.
This makes it easy for your toddler to use the potty without feeling as though they are going to fall into the toilet.
My only complaint is that it does not secure well to the toilet itself.
It can easily be pulled off.
This is not entirely clear in the product description, so I hope this review helps others avoid the hassle of ordering and returningThis was easy enough for my toddler to put on the toilet.
We very much preferred this over the potty seat that doesn't sit on the toilet - my son wanted the &#34;real thing&#34;.
He has yet to &#34;go&#34; but at least, for now, he wants to sit on the toiletour potty training days are over for the time being, but this was great!
it's easy to remove quickly for others who are already potty trained when they gotta goGreat design--we haven't actually used it yet, but I like how it fits on the toilet seat.
It seems like it would fit any seat.
We were trying to introduce our baby to potties really early, but have been lazy about it.
We also have the other Bjorn toilet and she doesn't mind sitting on that one.
But we can use it on the changing table, so it's easier for us.
She's 8 monthsMy son was scared of falling into the toilet so this was super helpful when we really dove into potty training.
The little lip in the front is very handy for boys learning to aim while seated if you know what I mean.
;) We're getting ready to use it for boy #2 and it still looks newI did a lot of research before purchasing a seat to go on our toilet.
I already have a Bjorn stand alone potty but my daughter didn't seem to be comfortable on it for more than a minute or two and she wanted to sit on the big potty but is just too small.
So I figured a seat to go on the regular toilet would be the way to go.
So far though it hasn't gotten her to go she does seem comfortable sitting on it.
I think this is definitely the way to go for toilet training.Update 11/21/2011: My daughter is now actually using the seat instead of just sitting on it:) This seat has successfully taught her how to use the potty.
We like it so much that for our travels over the holidays we've ordered another seat to be sent to where we'll be spending the holidays so she'll have the exact same seat there.
Stays on snugly, prevents leaks well, easy to cleanHere is what I like about this:- you can adjust some fitting with the turn of a dial on the inside back of the seat so that it doesn't shift when on the Toilet (this way I can use it on different toilet bowls and it sits steady)- just one piece (that way things don't get in between the pieces), less mess and easy to clean- contoured etc and all the stuff they say in their descriptionWhat I wish was different: I wish that the seat was a little cushioned.
If he's been on the potty for a while, poor thing has red marks on his butt.
Nice design, fits easily on toilet.
Easy to clean.
The lip could be a little higher as sometimes he sprays over.
Fits on the toliet really snugLOVE THIS SEAT!
Well designed to adjust to many different sizes of toilets.
The BB toilet trainer by comparison #1 has the dial adjustment to fit any toilet, long or round.
I put a small black dot on the dial where it has the perfect fit, because with time, it does adjust ever so slightly, so I know exactly where it needs to be snug.
#2 The entire base that sits on your toilet seat is lined with rubber so there's a no slip grip.
My daughter was having such a hard time getting herself up, on & over the hump on the weePod.
This may be a downside for boys, but is a bonus for girls.
And there's no putting it on wrong because the positioning is always right.
#5 This is completely personal reasoning, but for some reason the fact that it is hard plastic rather than squishy soft material (in my head) makes it seem more sanitary.
Or maybe because its clean & white, idk.
That being said, when I say hard plastic, it is not by all means uncomfortable.
The weePod, for whatever reason, would cause her to lean back in the seat.
Worth every pennyHaven't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet.
This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a "snap on" deflector (for boys).
It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats, and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it.
I purchased this toilet seat along with a potty book for boys (and no potty).
All I had to do was get rid of the diapers and buy him big boy underwear to start the potty journey.
This toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go!
Initially, I was considering the potty with the ladder but breakage, slippage and space were an issue with that one.
It fits over my elongated toilet seat comfortable without slipping so I have no fear of it falling in when my little ones rush to the potty.
It little ridge on the front are perfect for little boys and avoid any leakage or spilling!
Baby Bjorn products are always well-made and well suite for the their particular purpose and this one proves that.
We'd much rather her to her business on a real potty than the plastic Baby Bjorn potties that we also have.This device is simply fantastic.
It doesn't shift side to side and feels like an extension of the real toilet seat because of how secure it stays in place.
I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS--Easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-Snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; Much more so than the "cushioned" one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc.
to have to worry about.-Durable; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N/A ;)I would highly recommend this item.
The dial in back made for a snug fit.
My daughter was hesitant at first but there wasn't even a scare of her falling in once she sat on itWe have a standard size and shape toilet seat.
Yet, this potty seat fits the seat in an awkward manner, causing pee to leak both on top and under the front of the toilet seat.
Granted, I have little boys, so maybe this isn't so much of a problem with girls.We had MUCH better luck with the Mommy's Helper Cushie Tushie potty seat (the one with the ducks on it), which is, incidentally, much cheaper and easier to clean.
I guess because he feels like a big kid using the big potty.
We also haven't had any accidents with pee splashing out of it, so the pointy splashguard at the end seems to work.
She squirms on it, and will not use it unless I am holding onto her-she starts to slip and fall in.
I am having to end up buying a much smaller seat.
She is 2 1/2 and a little on the small sideSeat works well, adjustable & fits our toilet well (standard seat).
We've been using it since he was 3 or 4 months, and it worked well then tooIt's hard to get excited about a potty seat, but my toddler loves this one.
We keep the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer on a low hook next to the toilet for him to grab.
I've already adjusted the potty seat to fit our elongated toilet.
I wish it came with a travel bag/carrier of some sort.
(I'll have to make my own travel potty kit: an old duffel bag, flat-folding step stool, flushable wipes, disinfectant wipes, antibacterial hand gel, etc.)
My son has to hoist himself off and on the potty as he is not yet tall enough to rest his feet on the foot stool while using it.
The pee guard is so large that I was seriously concerned about his "equipment" being damaged in the process of trying to stand up.
It snaps into the opening of a standard flip seat of an adult toilet, allowing a small child to seat on the toilet without falling in.
A 3-year old can put it in place, making the child independent.
The prongs that hold it in place are not very stiff, so the seat is easy to remove, even for a child.
Easily get a tight fit to the toilet seat and remove for adults in just seconds.
I would buy this product again and would recommend it to anyoneI bought it based on so many great reviews.
SO I basically keep in there not attached at all and have to sit my child and remove him from there, otherwise the seat falls outBefore we bought this we have used two of the princelionheart wee pod basic which crack every single time.
I decided to try this one out.
It does seem a bit more pricey than other toilet seats but it is worth it.
It is adjustable and allows the child to sit more naturally on the toilet than the thick padded seatsNot much to say beyond that - it does what its supposed to do, and its easy to clean.
We have round and elongated and it fits both no problem.
I put one in the guest bathroom and I can leave it there when I have people over.The CONS: By the time you get the seat cover up, the pants down, the seat on and plop you kid on the toilet he's already pee'd hisself.The slashguard - after watching my sons try to get up from it on there own I quickly realized they might end up eunuchs.
When they try to maneuver around it, the seat becomes dislodged from putting there weight on one side.
I was horrified to hear that some boys actually pulled their skin open and needed stitches.
I was even more appalled by some reviewers saying that the parents should have been more vigilant.
With all the worry and guilt inherant in parenting thats just a mean thing to say; and not trure.
The whole point of potty training is to get your child to go on their own.
They can't learn if you are hovering every time.I bought the built in toilet seat instead.
There are two seats in one so both children and adults can use itand prevents my daughter of falling into the toilet.
it does get a little dirty and requires a regular wipe down, but i like this (plus a step booster) more than the little potty.
Easy to clean the toilet still too.
Would recommendhaving gone through several (cheaper) seats - and tons of clorox wipes cleaning up the dribbles off the toilet and floor - I read reviews and tried this one for my twins.
the adjustable mechanism makes all the difference in the world - as long as its adjusted snugly on the toilet, no leaks, dribbles, messes!
It adjusts to fit most toilet lids- does not fit well on grandma's already contoured seat.
We have the cushioned one, with little ducks which is nice, but this is really a step up.
I really liked this one enough to purchase a second for trips to grandma's.
I also took a plastic over the door towel hook and hung it from under the tank of our toilet (on the side).
It's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble, thanks to the handle.Don't bother with those other seats.
This is the one you needThis seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished I bought it from the get go.
I just began hanging it from a hook, so maybe that had something to do with it.
This isn't a problem that I read in any of the reviews I perused, and the instructions on the box say to hang it on a hook.
She's 18 mo old, 21 lbs, and fit it quite well.
She can easily scoot accross the floor while seated on it.It might be good if you have a very early potty trainer or one on the (very) smaller side.
My daughter is about 35 inches tall and her knees come to her chest while seated on thisI bought this potty after reading the reviews and trying to decide on the little or big potty.
I didn't think the small one would be a problem, since my 18-month old son is on the small side.
My son seems to like it, but he looks huge on it and it will not last for long.
It also slides all over the tile floor like someone mentioned.
I really wish I would have bought the Bjorn big pottyMy son is little so it may not be good for larger kids starting to potty train.
(Wear gloves and wash your hands after too.
It's small in design, with no removable bowl which makes it very hard to keep clean.
As the previous reviewer mentioned, it's one piece so nowhere for the pee to go except inside.
I think the only fault is that it's incredibly low to the ground, so although that is great for new learners, once they master the potty training and you just need an extra around the house, it doesn't encourage them to go because it's too short.
HIgher for sure, and actually easier to dump since it has an insert.
Its easy to dump it into the toilet and rinse in the bathroom sink (the one we don't use, hah).
Great little potty for introducing the concept of going potty outside a diaper early on.
It's small because it's meant for early useIt is small enough & light-weight enough to take anywhere.
We aren't full blown potty training yet, so I imagine when we do we will probably need a more perm.
We have the bigger Baby Bjorn potty for home, but we quickly learned that she is terrified of big toilets when we're away from the house.
We take it to friends' houses when we're over there, and we even have her use it in the car when we're away from the house for long periods of time.
She thinks it's great (and funny) that she gets to "pee in car" and has used it right away every time.
In fact, we're taking her on a plane for the first time in a couple months and plan on taking this potty in our carry-on.
Oh, and it's much shorter than her big potty, but she doesn't seem to mind one bit.
Honestly, I wish we had gotten this one first for when she was really little and interested in the potty (we got her first potty at 16-months, but she still had a hard time getting on it herself because she was so small).
The guard in front is large enough to contain pee but not too large for an infant.
We mostly used this as a travel or back-up potty, with parental supportFor all those EC moms, this is a perfect product.
It's a nice small size (for infants) and easy to use and cleanOk so my 8mo old has been doing EC (google it) since 3 mo old.So we have like 4 of these (1 per room)You gotta get a WHItE one!!
White makes it so much easier to see if he has gone #1 (and 2).I wish all 4 of ours were white.Please star this so others know white is the way to go.Oh and bjorn, please make a clear one!
However, the younger one has a bit of difficulty sitting down on the larger one because of the shield in the front.
Where we can rinse the receptacle for the larger one in the bathroom sink, this one is just large enough that we have to rinse it in the bathtub, and there's a bit more area that needs to be cleaned, with it all being one piece.
I think it's the smallest potty we've encountered yet.
It would be too small for most kids beyond the age of 3 and any bigger/tall toddlers.
Their feet will touch the ground and it's easy for them to sit on.
The back has a knotch cut out for easy carrying.
Good learning potty as it's easy to sit on quickly.
No messy parts to clean.
After all the uses, it doesn't smell like urine or excrement at all.I'm on here ordering another one for my little girl so I can have two--one upstairs and one downstairs.
You can not go wrong with this pottyTo date, we have purchased 4 of these potties for our petite 14 month old daughter (upstairs, downstairs, both parents' cars), when we wanted to start to introduce toileting in a natural way.
(Petite = 20 lbs, 28 1/2 inches tall, wearing 12 mos clothes).
I like that it's backless in that it's easier to sit behind her and make potty time a relaxing time, while I hold a book in front of her.
I do wish it had a higher back, a la the bigger Baby Bjorn potty, so that she had something to rest her back on for long sits.
It does fit well in our little bathrooms, too.
I would suggest this potty for parents who are introducing potty training early, including but not limited to EC'ersThis is perfect for my 20 month old.
She can sit on it on her own.
Imagine a gallon of milk cut in half.
There is no problem emptying it.
We just add a small amount of water and dump it in the toilet.
Then a quick rinse and dump that in the toilet.
This is much better than seats on the real toilet that she feels uncomfortable on.
The lip is especially great for little boys.
It stays really clean because it's just one piece of shaped plastic.
It works well and I can't imagine anything better.
My son can't get on it by himself, but can get off...his feet touch the floor when he is seated and he is low enough to reach for toys.
Other reviews said that they wished Bjorn would make a clear potty like this which is why I got white (next best thing for seeing when he's done).
Great quality product for priceThis little thing could not have been more perfect for what I wanted and my daughter needed.
I bought it when she was about 8 months old and just had her sit on it before bathtime while I got the water running to get used to having it in her environment.
She went #1 and #2 on her first sit.
Since then, she is now 13 months old and nearly every time we sit her on it, she goes #1.
I read another reviewer that just put some no-slip type of gripper on the bottom so I gave it a shot.
It solved the problem and we are back to happily going in her potty.I highly recommend it!
She has no problem sitting on it or using it to do her business.
While she is still too small to actually sit on it by herself (she'd fall right in), we hold her over it when we think she needs to empty the tank and have had much success with it.
It's a nice size for us right now, however.Cleaning it is relatively simple with dumping the waste into the toilet, rinsing it out, then wiping it down with disinfecting wipes.
One feature I really would love to have in this is a pour spout somewhere to make dumping the waste a cleaner task.
Because of this lack of design feature, you are faced with two options when emptying the potty out: flip it upside-down really fast to avoid getting waste spread around the edges (never tried it...sounds too risky) or pour it out over the side and be faced with the waste spreading all over the side you dumped it from.
A pour spout would have been a simple solution to this problem.Otherwise, we are completely pleased with this product.
I can imagine having a second one for the car down the line might be a good investment considering how reasonably priced it is.Update: We still use this now that our daughter is five months old.
We saw that Ikea has a $5 potty, so we got one to have a secondary use potty.
I hate to say it, but Ikea perfected the "spout" design to cleanly pour out waste.
I wish these two potties could get together and create a perfect design for little babiesThis is a no frills, easy to clean, comfortable potty...just as a potty is supposed to be.
I wanted something that would be comfortable for her little bumbum but nothing that would distract her from the job at hand.
My only complaint is that the yellow one came with huge black scuff marks and scratches all over it.
Even with extensive scrubbing, I can't get all the black off.
Obviously, this doesn't affect useability, but I feel robbed paying full-price for something that looks like it's been thrown under a bus.
Big disappointment!
This chair is so much better that it doesn't even compare.
We haven't found a downside yetWe got this one and the Summer Infant and they're so similar you might as well get the cheaper one.
This one is definitely taller but our son hasn't had better or worse luck with either oneSimple!
Love the high back and the front lift.
Would buy the same brand, if they made a new version that covers and did not come apart so easily from the base (my daughter take out the center all the time)which can become a problem if she empties the contentSimple design that:- allows child to sit rather then have to support themselves (important esp when they start potty training at an earlier age)- the entire seat area comes off so it's easy to clean and dump into toilet and rinse- comes in many colors to suit your liking- bottom has a rubber gasket surrounding the entire outside lip so that it creates good traction- durable and so no worry about breaking this when a child is breaking or when you are moving it a lotThis is a great product.
My first was the fisher price fun to learn potty, which costs about $5 more and is shaped like a regular toilet with the pretend flush handle.
My son thought it was a toy and constantly "flushed" to hear the music instead of sitting on it.
When this potty arrived and I took it out the box, he grabbed it and said "mine" and immediately sat down on it.
I highly recommend getting this and forget about the bells and whistles of the fisher price modelThis potty is simple, tough, and great for a boy.
Helps keep the pee in, and won't kill his "bits" if he gets caught on it while sitting.
It is easy for a child to take the bowl out, empty it into the toilet and put the bowl back into the frameMy daughter is on the thinner side and at 18 months struggles to get comfortable in this chair.
She's not able to sit on it without falling in.
There's no way that she could sit on this for any length of time because she's having to hold her weight so she doesn't fall in.
I can totally see how this can happen.
His feet hit the floor perfectly too and great height for him.
Somehow won't tip.. nicely engineeredI really wanted my boy to train with just the toilet insert, but it was not working.
My son even started pouring his own waste into the regular toilet.
When it came my daughter was excited to try it.
Unfotunately she pinched her finger on the pull out center.
She also voiced that her bottom hurt because it was too hard.
She now refuses to sit on it.
In India, the grandmothers start potty training the babies well around 4-5 months when they start sitting with support.
From then on we are repeating it every day and he seems to understand he has to pee to get out of that chair and hence does it.
He likes to sit on this one, as it has the backrest, and armrest for both of his arms and his foot has not yet touched the floor but, its good enough for him.
In a way, its good that his foot has not touched the floor yet, as he doesnt try to stand up :-).
Even if he tries to reach for something on the either side, the chair doesnt trip and it holds well.Every single time, I put him on this, any time of day, he pees assuming thats what I want him to do.
I got the Fisher-Price Precious Planet Froggy Friend Potty but he doesnt like it since it has no back or arm rest!
He wouldnt sit on it even once, and its going back to Amazon today while I order my second potty chairWe used this through two kids and while they both only used it for a short period of time it was very easy to use and clean.
Not a lot of nooks or crannies so you only had to wipe it downThis is the only potty chair we used with our little one.
We didn't use bells and whistles.
This is a low price, high quality optionWe bought this potty to train our daughter off diapers.
She likes to lean back and throw her arm over the back.
The potty chair my mom has, if my daughter is at a certain angle somehow it leaks onto the floor.
but, im glad i got the potty chair.
on a quick note, the green is not a bright lime green, its more of a muted lime green if that makes sense.
you simply remove and dump the bowl part into the adult potty, maybe put a lil water in it from the faucet to rinse it and dump the contaminated water into the toilet, too.
the back chair part aids her in sitting down so she doesnt plop down [like every child this age does] and lean back too far.the only down side i see with this potty is my daughters curious and wants to touch inside the bowl while sitting on the potty.
;)overall, i recommend the baby bjorn potty chair because it doesnt have any bells and whistles [which i find pretty pointless for a get-down-to-business type of personal business,] its fairly inexpensive compaired to others out there, and its functional and safe [no leaning back too farMy little girls likes using this over the other potty that we got, personally i think it works better than other, cheaper ones, i like the hard seat so she doesnt want to sit there forever, and it forces her to get in the proper "position" which she doesnt always achieve the other pottyWith five young children in our home, we have two of these Baby Bjorn potties.
They are easy to clean (I have even stuck the bowl portion in the dishwasher) and easy to transport.
My kids LOVE the bright colors which make potty training easier :) Well worth the moneySince we practice elimination communication we looked for a potty that would work well for a young child who just began sitting with no (or very little) support.
But every time we put her on it, after only a few minutes she starts complaining that her feet hurt.
What she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep.
Then she doesn't want to get off because her legs are numb and she gets scared.
Also, every time she gets up the insert sticks to her behind and will dump if there is anything in it.
There's also a version without a &#34;chair&#34; back that is equally good; we have them both.PROS:-- ergonomic, comfortable for toddlers and even infants if you are doing elimination communication-- all molded plastic design makes it easy to keep clean, no cushion to get soggy-- insert lifts out for easy dumping into adult toilet, fits in sink for washing clean-- sturdy base ensures your kid will not tip it over, even if wiggly-- spray guard works well for boys but still is small enough to let kids get on easilyCONS-- your toddler may not want to transition to big toilet because these are so comfortableI really can't think of any cons for these potties.
We have a smaller version of this one that stays in the back of our car for those unforeseen &#34;I have to go potty NOW&#34; incidents.
They are so sturdy, are easy to clean and maintain, and my toddler can even empty this one easily himself without making a mess.
Some potties have cushions and other moving parts, making it really complicated to disassemble for emptying.
What you needExcellent product.
She has difficulty sitting down with her legs apart and often pulls the bucket out and turns it around to sit more comfortably.
I'm going to order one with a cushy seatI chose this chair based on its reviews, and I am glad that I did!
I also like that there weren't any crazy sounds or anything like that since it made the chair seem like a more realistic pottyThis was the third potty I purchased in an effort to find the right one for my daughter.
Perhaps this feature was designed with boys in mind, but that plastic lip in the front made it difficult for my daughter to sit down comfortably.
And, she complained that the potty hurt her butt.
It worked brilliantly for usMy LO doesn't mind sitting on this at 7 months (we're starting EC) with a toy or a book and we're good to go.
Has great support.
She was a little hesitant on day 1 but now does not mind at all although I still hold on to her.
Easy clean up and very durable.
I'm tempted to get one for downstairs for convenience sakeWould be nice if the white container was made with a little cushion for the small tush, but it's nice in that it's easy to clean and easy for the little ones to sit on.
The biggest issue to me was cleaning.
This chair has no seems or corners to trap things.
Does what it should and doesn't distract from what they are supposed to be doing with alot of toys and noiseWe also have the blue potty as well and love them both.
I love the fact that it has a chair-back so she doesn't need me to physically support her when she's on it.
Also, the basin is big enough that it holds everything without spills and mess.
She doesn't mind sitting on it for 10 monutes in the mornings to do her thing...and she does pretty much without fail.
The chair itself is very sturdy and extremely easy to clean.
He actually sits back a bit and watchs himself pee.
It's good to go.At the end of the day, I just spray a little Clorox anywhere on it and let it dry for the next day.
I have them in white and blue.There is something about this potty that makes a little one understand its purpose.
I couldn't believe how comfortable they are for them sitting on it, due to the arms and back and overall design.
We'll be using these for awhile I expectlooks cute but not functional for us.the depth of the plastic bowl is not deep.If the shit is coming out long and hard, it might push back up to the babyWith my first son, i bought the boon potty bench, I did consider this one, but at the time, I wanted the step stool option.
The potty bench worked, but with my twins I needed another potty and got this one.
That was something I couldn't tell with the pictures 'cause of the way it's shaped.
They like to dump it themselves in the big toilet and it's easy for them to do that .
Funny thing was when I first got it, my four year old son wanted to try it out.
I would recommend this to anyoneLet's see...what to write about the potty.
I like it because it doesn't have a whole lot of bells and whistles and it does what it is suppose to- my daughter didn't seem interested in the toilets that sang to her or did special tricks.
His feet can be on the ground and hye likes to sit on it.
The pail comes out easily to dump and the bottom has rubber, so it doesn't slip on the floor.
I love itThis has a very nice design and is not annoying looking like most potties.
Rinse it and you're ready to go.
You can sanitize it with some clorox spray and just put it back down until the next time.
It's portable so you can have it anywhere.
There is an anti slip rubber on the bottom so no worries about pottying children ending up somewhere else than where you left them.My twins are now potty trained, but I still keep one in the back of the van for emergencies.
You never know if you'll make it to the next toilet, you knowI had a Safety 1st potty that I just hated before I bought this Baby Bjorn potty.
We have tried four other potty seats, and all have proved difficult to use:-We first tried the Primo Ducka toilet seat (looks like a duck), and while it was cute and engaging, he could not climb on the toilet to use it by himself, and it often directed the liquid flow right between the toilet and seat (what a mess!
).-Next, we used an old-fashioned wooden potty chair (the kind with a high back and arm rests), but this had a separate plastic guard that hurt my son and also allowed liquid to leak.-The third potty chair we tried was the Baby Bjorn Little Potty, which slid too easily on our bathroom floor, was too low to the ground, and always allowed liquid to drip along the outside when tipped in the toilet during cleaning.-My son did enjoy the next potty - a "Peter Potty" toddler urinal.
I would highly recommend that other parents try this chair before wasting their money on any othersI like how it is a basic potty with no frills.
Also wipes clean easily and doesn't retain any stains or odorsWe owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years.
The white part removes easily so that it can be given a quick rinse.A child can lean back and not fall off the potty.
The seat is big enough so a child can sit easily without hurting themselves.Overall, I am please with the purchaseWe were using a Bjorn Little Potty (which they don't make anymore) for a long time.
But as my son grew, he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem.
At Grandma and Grandpa's house they had the Bjorn Smart Potty, which seemed to work better for him.
Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub.
I like my bathroom to look nice and it didnt bother me to see this in there every day.The skid rubber on the bottom really hung on to the ground well, even in those times when some bath water had gotten on the floor.
Those were awful.
We were "potty training" for a full year before we finally saw the BabyBjorn potty chair in a local botique, and DS immediately sat in it.
He chose blue, and we took it home.
Within a week, he was trained, and began using the "big boy seat", so we saved the seat for our daughter.
I know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess.
We are not planning to put any pressure to train at this age but we thought it would be good to have it on hand and get her familiar with it.To our surprise she figured out what it was for without a lot of fanfare and will go and stand on it or near it when she wants to use it.
She doesn't use it every time, but has a handful of times and for sure is on the path to diaper freedom.Pros:Comfortable for the little one (she is about 20lbs)The inside comes out for cleaning and there are not any seams to gather gunk.Looks like a real toilet.Cons:Won't work as a seat on a real toilet.The back is smooth, slippery and tapered with no handle which makes it hard to grasp.Pro tip: If you are going to wear the inner liner like a top hat to make your child laugh, be aware she may try it on herself at some point.
Easy to clean, and my toddler isnt uncomfortable sitting on it to go potty.
The high back rest helps alot, because she tends to sit far back to get comfortable.
Just the right size / hight for little ones to do their business on their own.
Would recommend it over the ones that go over the regular size toilet seats.. because those are too high.. and the kids would need a stepsMy 2.5 year old just wants to play with this and not use it as a potty.
I tried every rookie mom mistake to get her to take it seriously and nothing seems to be working.
She only wants to potty train on the real toilet and, hey, that's not a bad thing.
I'd suggest starting with the real toilet and a seat to fit on top before buying this.
That's why I gave it 4 starsIt's cute but why don't these little potties have a latch that prevents a toddler from lifting and flinging the potty bowl around?
We have a very active one who just wants to pick up everything and walk it around the house.
No bells and whistles to distract.3.
As a test, we got the pink girly version of the Summer 3 stage potty trainer and the screaming stopped.I'd recommend taking a look at this thing at a local store before buying.
It's a pretty good product, it just didn't work for usI can't say enough good about this potty chair.
Tough to clean (lots of spaces for urine to get) and I don't think it's very comfortable as my son refused to sit on it.
Within 20 seconds of sitting on the Baby Bjorn he peed.
Great product.
The contents are easily to empty out and wash.
She immediately said "I want to go pee pee!"
It emptied easy as pie, and was ridiculously easy to clean and sanitize...but once I did that, she grabbed it and put it back in the shipping box...she just prefers the seats on the "big girl potty".
Otherwise, great little chair, for sure.I would mention, the "lip" that is there to prevent issues for little boys or "forward spillage" during a pee, might prove a little tough to maneuver or might get a little boy caught on it...I'm sure they have to be high enough to actually prevent the spill/splash, but this one took my daughter a moment to get over the little hump, and being a girl she doesn't even have the "extra accessoriesI almost passed over this potty for something with more bells and whistles.
There were potties that converted into stepping stools and one that had a handle that played flushing sounds when depressed.
$27 seemed a little expensive for two pieces of molded plastic (bowl and base) that made up the entire Bjorn potty get up.
Some of the potties I've seen have very small bowls which I'd imagine to be difficult targets for little behinds.
My only gripe is that my little boy sometimes sprays over the splash guard and wets his clothes.
So perhaps Bojorn should look into tweeking that part of their designI bought this potty chair after looking at several other brands/styles because of the high back and arm support.
My little one has no problem sitting up in this chair by herself (of course I'm holding onto her for security).
She has already made many, many poops and pees in the Baby Bjorn Potty Chair!
Just dump out contents, rinse, and wipe with a disposable disinfecting wipe.
Definitely easier than changing a diaperThis is a pretty good design and we especially like the high back, which makes it possible for babies/toddlers to sit unsupportedThis potty is very nice.
Very portable (we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips).
Made in the USA tooWe bought this because my youngest daughter won't train on a potty seat on the toilet, so we thought this might help her transition from diapers.
It's just plastic.
I had hoped there'd be a way to put a plastic liner in the hole part so we could just take the liner off instead of having to clean the plastic bowl, but unless we want her to sit on the liner, that's not an option.
We placed it in the bathroom and every time before he takes as bath, we take off his diaper and he immediately sits on the potty.
With a high back, he looks comfortable and relaxed sitting on it.
Simple yet smart designI picked this potty up 2 days ago and I really can't complain.
My daughter is 9 months old and seems to have no problem with it.
I do understand some of the concerns with pee coming out because it happened to us yesterday.
I didn't make a big deal about it and it didn't seem to bother her.
I happened to have it sitting on a waterproof pad, just incase, so nothing got on my carpet.
We thought that would be more comfortable, but soon realized it just irritated her bum.
It had a huge reservoir, was a pain to dump and clean, and that foam part was always getting dirty and could never be completely cleaned.A friend had a Baby Bjorn, and seemed happy with it, so we gave it a try.
=) I had to order 3 since it's seriously the only one he'll even sit on anymore!
Our 21 month old will go sit on it without guidance, but he wants to pul out the bowl and take it with him.
), which was frustrating for everyone involved (trying to tell/help a 2-year old to "point it down"... yeah, right) - as soon as our son tried this one out for the first time, his motivation level skyrocketed and he quickly became excited about peeing in the potty, instead of dreading it.
The problem with so many potties that I find is that there are too many bells and whistles that make potty time more of playtime than getting down to business.
You simply pick up the insert, dump it into the toilet and rinse out the insert.
The shield is high enough that a boy will not pee all over himself, but short enough that a little girl will not jab herself while trying to sit down.
I wish I would have bought this the first time instead of spending hundreds on other potties over the past decadeThis potty is perfect!
So simple, no bells and whistles, no distractions, just a potty.
We've only had this chair a few days and our little boy is starting to get curious about what it is.
So far he's sat on it about ten times and gone in it 3!
We couldn't be happier.
Make sure you order &#34;Potty&#34; by Leslie Patricelli- it's the best potty book we've come across and our little one loves itlove the high back and easily accessible to dump and clean.
the front is skinny enough for him to sit with his feet positioned nicely.
what i dont like is my little one keeps saying his bum hurts and doesnt like to sit on it.
when he sits for more than a few seconds and gets up, he has a red mark where the plastic touches his bum.
EASY to use and clean, SIMPLE too.
Have not been disappointedWe also own a Prince Lionheart pottyPOD and a potty seat for the big toilet when we're out and about.
However, I prefer it as there is much less mess--he's never had anything not be totally contained by the potty.
I think if this was the only potty we had, he would be ok with it (though I suspect training might have taken longer, as he won't happily sit on this one for long stretches).
He doesn't think he can just sit down on this one because of the splash guard (which is what prevents the mess) and waits to be helped.
With the PottyPOD he just sits right down and then scoots to the best position.It does live up to most of the claims -- it doesn't move around, even when he is not sitting calmly; it is easy to clean; the high back is nice (though again, my son seems to scrunch forward when on this potty, which I think has to do with the high back); the design is essentially innocuous and not out of place in an adult bathroom (ours is in the main floor powder room, the only bathroom a guests use, so this is importantYour basic, sturdy little potty.
Kids don't need all the flashy crap on the more expensive potties.
The big toilet doesn't cheer or play princess music when you pee.
Why set them up for disappointment?
;PMy son has no butt so he kind of doesn't fit on it and gets scared but maybe eventually his butt will get bigger or he'll get over it.
Even when he does not get pinched, he also ends up with seams cut into his little bum and back of legs, and as a result will not remain seated on this seat at all.
Therefore I cannot comment whether the pee goes into the bowl, because we never get that far.As far as disinfecting, I thought it would be really easy--just pull the bowl out, dump it out, wipe, disinfect with clorox on occasion...BUT several times poop has gotten under that back edge of the bowl, necessitating a cleaning of the rest of the seat as well, which is just a pain.Finally, the bowl is way too light and often sticks to my son's legs and he stands up.I cannot say, however, if there is anything better out there--we haven't found the "perfect" potty yet, but if this is the best of the portable potties, I guess we're going to have to go with the seat insert for our toilet, because this has turned out to be virtually worthless to usIt does the job.
plus, since lots of our friends use them, she has &#34;her&#34; potty when we go overI was originally looking at buying a potty chair that had all the bells and whistles, flush noises, music, lights, the works.
Then I thought, wait a minute, the regular potty doesn't have those things.
She wants one like mommies!
I got this for her after being asked repeatedly to read "the potty book for girls" She was immediately sitting on it without any prompting.
Once I finally took her pants off she went right away.
My daughter had no problem sitting with the little guard on the front.
Horrible design flaw.
However, we put the white bin beneath the blue chair, and it is a flat surfaceWe have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs.
It's a huge improvement over other potties - sometimes boys just don't get that they need to hold it down.- The potty part removes easily for cleanup and pouring out.- It has a back so he doesn't fall off of it when trying to sit down.
Sometimes sitting is a bit iffy at his age.- It's nonslip on the bottom, so it doesn't push around when he goes to sit.Cons:- A &#34;pour spout&#34; or something would be great along the back sideI purchased this seat when my firstborn was a toddler.
There is rubber on the bottom to add stability and keep the potty from sliding across the floor.
If my toddler ever tried to empty it himself, he ended up making a big mess.
The deflector could be a little higher in our experience, but it wasn't too bad.
I think if it was taller, it might be annoying for a girl so I can understand why it is the height that it is.An added bonus is that this potty chair is not an eyesore.
Right before her little brother was born.
At 2 and a half we ditched diapers and were exclusice to the potty training.She loved this chair because, gross, she loved to pick up the seat and dump the contents in the real potty.
Lucky for us there wasn't any huge mess.
We rinsed the chair out nightly with hot water and I cleaned her potty when we cleaned our bathroom, weekly.
Reason being I think I accidently tossed this in a made rage to declutter.Overall, cleans very easily, no weird places for poop or pee to hide, and she didn't become attached to itIt seems like a great product, but if you have a tall child or you potty-train really early, I don't think it's that great.
Too short in my opinionSo far we like this chair.
A little smaller than I would have thought, and sometimes the seat sticks, but otherwise a good chairWhen I began my research for a potty chair for my son, I had no idea how many things there were to consider!
I really didn't want anything that made noise or had lights but we ultimately decided on this chair because of the one-piece splash guard since I learned that it wasn't uncommon for little boys to hurt their tender bits on other chairs.
I think the main thing it did was to give my son the confidence to use a potty - his feet stayed securely on the ground and it was stable and didn't slip around.
He had no problem getting himself on and off of it and he liked the 'responsibility' of dumping the contents into the big potty (I liked that it was easy for him to do that, and easy for me to clean the bowl afterwardWe just got this potty after trying the Safety 1st potty for a couple of months.
He then stood up backed up to it and sat down without any assistance, a great improvement from the other potty.
He can get up and down from it without maiming his privates.
His only problem with it so far is that he's apparently gotten use to having the back pressed against his rear so he pushes all the way back on this potty too.
This is a little odd given its oval shaped bowl.
Hopefully our stalled potty training will get a jump start down.
Just in one day he is much more eager and willing to sit on it and he giggles over quoting the video while he sits thereLove this potty.
No messy parts to clean.
Rubber feet grab the floor to prevent slipping when the kid sits down.
Buy it alreadyWe have a small bathroom so I was a little worried how this would fit in there without getting in the way, but it fits great.
My toddler loves to go & sit on it & at 18 months has already did 1 & 2 in it!
It's comfortable for toddlers to sit in, as well as easy for them to lift out the bowl and empty into the toilet themselves.
(I can't speak for how much protection it offers for little boys, however.)
Plus, the rubber bottom really does keep the seat from slipping across the floor.
Very happyWe have this in both green and blue for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms, respectively.
Very easy to clean and I like the high back because he can really sit there and relax a little while waiting to make a pottyI have a 15 month old who is &#34;interested &#34; in going to the bathroom.
She began using it the first day we brought it home.
After a month she asks regularly to &#34;go potty&#34;.
She seems comfortable- it is very stable and easy to cleanI wanted a pot for boys and one that could be used for a healthy (chunky) child.
He needs a bigger potty chair, which this is.
He sat on one at a friends house that had a cover over the removable cup, which is by far a better design, but the high back on this one makes a nice spot for spending extended amounts of time on it as he reads and tries to go.
All in all, I like it and would recommend it with reservationsI have found that Baby Bjorn potty products are the best on the market and doesn't break the pocket book!
It's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough.
Our daughter is long and very thin.
Her tiny behind doesn't fall in or slip or anything.
Other moms who see this ask where they can get one!
She preferred using the seats that go on top of your normal toilet seat or the type of potty chairs that had a lid to close.
Even girls can spray and make a mess!
He is 28 months and can easily pee, empty it, and rinse it by himself.
I'm not sure what the people who are complaining about pee going over the place but he can do it by himself with no problems.
Just teach the child to sit properly in a chair & make sure it's not hanging out of the potty (taught my son to tuck it in at 18 months so there really is no excuse).
While he's been using the regular toilet for a while too at home, he loves his green potty.
She is a smaller child and it fits pretty good.
She can sit on it and on feel like she's going to fall in.
She'll sit on it, but it's so small.
She's accidental sat on it before and it hurt her.
I thought the smaller BabyBjorn potty was too small.
If I had back all the time I have spent cleaning pee up off the floor I would be so happy.
I do like the separate potty and it's easy to clean but I still have to clean the whole chair because it simply doesn't hold in the pee stream.
I'm retiring it as soon as I get a different potty chair.
I can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard, which you can't remove, but this hasn't been a problem for him.
I knock off one star only because I can tell the "splash control" on front for a boy isn't going to be perfect, but I think that is likely to be a problem with every potty chair out there...and no big deal since I plan to keep the potty in the bathroom only.
If we do decide to take it to another room I will absolutely put something under it to protect the floorsI really like this potty chair - the high back keeps kids from falling off the back, and the raised front is great for little boys.
We had another chair but only the Bjorn seemed to be high enough to prevent a mess for our boys.
This one feels a little sturdier, and the bucket is easy to empty.
The non-skid on the bottom keeps it from sliding all around the floorWe have this potty in green.
I was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $12!!
It makes cleaning much easier.
No one enjoys cleaning out a potty, but it's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean.
Our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices.
I just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and I'm doneBought it for my 9 month old baby girl, she can sit resting her feet on the ground and her back and arms are well comfortable too.
This potty will grow with herThis thing is the perfect height for the boys (youngest has been sitting on it since he was 18 months, and the oldest is 4.5) to sit comfortably.
It is really easy to clean and there are no crannies for icky bits to get into.
She gets a toy or a small book and wants to go sit on it and try and has had off and on success with going at this point but I like how easy it is to clean toofit as expected,,my baby love it .This potty chair doesn't come with all the whistles and bells like other potties.
When i was shopping for a potty, i read the reviews and then went to the store to &#34;explore&#34; for myself.
'cause all the others either didn't sit sturdily on the floor (and this is w/o a child sitting on it)or were difficult to clean.
Never had a spill too.
i have 2 of this item (1 downstairs and 1 upstairs, now thinking of using 1 at home and 1 for the car).there's plenty of space to stick stickers as a reward everytime she goes potty tooWe received this item last week in the mail and I have to say that I am very satisfied with the quality.
It's just not working out for my little one.
It's a hard plastic seat, and my toddler doesn't care for it.
My toddler is tall for her age, and has long legs.
)I will keep the 3 that I purchased for him, but I did purchase one wood potty that I like much better too.Just trying to keep healthy the best we can.
I guess nothing is perfectI like it but like the Smart potty by BabyBjorn better.
The pee still splashes out occasionally, but far less than all the other brands.
It makes me so mad that they don't have boy-specific potty's.
I, like many other reviewers, was intially put off by the $22 price tag.The problem I have with many baby products today is that companies try to make something a "new concept" by adding bells and whistles or attempting to make things multi-purpose.
Don't get me wrong, I love technology and my daughter has tons of electronic gadgets, but potty chairs should not double as toys.
Nor do I care to have my child using her potty in the future to stand on to reach the sink.This is exactly what a potty should be... a potty and nothing else.
When I got it home my 16-month-old daughter immediately knew what it was and wanted to sit on it.
I was pretty disappointed over all.
I thought it was a little narrow for her.
I personally did not think this was a great potty chair.
I think this might be because I have a girl and not a boy, since there seems to be issue with other potty's splash guards.
It's a little lower, but wider and the seat cannot come up with her.
Again, don't have a boy so can't speak to the splash guard issue, but really this potty is nothing out of this world for me.
With this it's just one thing .... A potty.
So he can get down to business .
No need to snap things or worry about cleaning crevices.I also like that it is the right size.
The back helped stabilize her when she was really small and now as an older toddler, it still fits her just fineI just received my BabyBjorn potty last week, and my daughter is only 15 months old, so I can't write about her being successful at potty training yet.
But she has already gone #1 in her potty the first time she ever sat on it bare-bottom, and I am thrilled.
I bought this potty early so she would see it around and get use to it before being expected to use it.
As soon as I took it out of the box she wanted to sit on it, and cried when I took her off or took her potty away.
And because she likes sitting on it so much, she has started sitting on it immediately after I remove her dirty diapers during her diaper change, before I put her new diapers on.
And about half the time she goes pee in it while she sits there.This potty is so sturdy and sanitary cause it is easy to clean.
I am so happy I read the reviews before picking a potty, and bought this one from amazon instead of just going with whatever I could find at my local storesEasy to clean.The &#34;lip&#34; at the front pretty much prevents boys from making a huge mess while on the potty, but there are not any rough edges to catch skin.Easy to take the &#34;bowl&#34; off to pour the contents in the toilet.
Makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the pottyThis is a great little potty chair.
The only downside is that the piece the comes out does sometimes stick to his behind so when he stands up there is potential for a mess, but this will be true with any two piece plastic chairs.
I really like the no slip grips on the bottom of the chair so my son can't scoot it across the floor.
He has already used it for #1 and #2.
He seems to like it.
The plastic shroud in the front is great.
It took me almost 2 weeks of researching different potty's, reading various reviews (good and bad) and then finally deciding on this one.
Our little one took to it immediately (not to mention the 10 potty books she had to read helped quite a bit too).Eventually, she would say "poop" and we'd rush her to her potty chair.
I read many reviews on this one and I took any reported problems that parents had (of both boys and girls) into consideration.
I get one too whenever I use the toilet, so can't really understand why parents complained about that.This is a really good potty seat.
It has a rubber bottom edge so it keeps the potty chair in place.
The little inner potty cup is easily removed and cleaned instead of needing to pick up the whole thing.I didn't give it 5 stars because the potty chair is kind of short.
Only positive things to say about this potty.
It has a nice high wrap around back to give support while sitting.
Most every time the big people in the house go to the toilet we put baby on her potty.
We use cloth diapers and have changed very few diapers with poop.
It seems very comfortable for my little guy.
Not much else to say about a poo receptacle really.
That is the only thing to watch out for.
(he is almost 3 yr old) He does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes.
It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said "oh mommy my legs!"
It cleans easily and my son finds it comfortableGreat when my son was sitting down... now that he stands... junk.
If not right on target, you're going to have a mess every time.
Think pee puddle under the chair... and now imagine the smell.
Totally gross, and getting rid of ASAP.SkipOur almost 3 yr old boy prefers the toilet with the babybjorn seat this fits onto toilet seat.
I also purchased Leslie Patricelli's "Potty" book in the same Amazon order.
She was so excited.
We took this right into the bathroom, so she could see.
I put the chair in our bathroom across from the toilet and the "Potty" book is on a stand next to her potty chair.
I have been trying to get her to say the words "potty", "poop", and "pee".
She loves sitting on this chair and reading her "Potty" book.
On an even better note, she has peed twice in the past two days, while sitting on her potty chair!
So far nothing has splashed onto the floor.
The design of the bowl keeps things from sliding down the sides when you empty it into the toilet.
As the description notes, the design is ergonomical and stable.
The chair is high, wide, and well-curved.
It would be difficult to tip over.On the (barely) downside.
The seat is hard plastic and doesn't seem comfy.
However, my daughter doesn't seem to mind.
She doesn't get distracted or use it as a toy.
It's not really breakable.
I like itEasy to clean, low enough for kiddo, hole was large enough for #2, backing made for a good reading position for the kiddo while we waited for the pee pee to come outI bought it for my 10-month old son who is extremely active.
He even tries to play with it getting the white insert out and putting it back in like a puzzle though we try not to let him play with the potty much.
She is 10 mo old and has enjoyed sitting on it.
The second day we had it she went pee pee on it and we are now a week into having it and today she went potty 4 times on it at 10 MO OLD!
It has a high back and armrests, making it comfortable for my daughter to sit.
It is larger than some of the other chairs, which were a little too small as my daughter grew.
If I had to do it over again, I'd buy this chair first._________________UPDATE: This chair eventually went to my niece and nephew.
Luckily, at around 4 months, we found this potty and have never looked back.The high back is perfect for infants who aren't able to sit up yet fully unsupported.
We still needed to closely supervise, as she would sometimes lean forward and, once, she took a dive and ended up bruising her forehead on the bathroom floor.
I blame myself fully, as I had looked away momentarily.
Now that our daughter is older (11 months), her feet touch the ground, so she's much more secure in the seat.
We just flush the &#34;contents&#34; and rinse the insert out with water in the sink.
In one word - horrible.
Easy to dump and keep clean so it's a winner in our bookWe had a purchased a couple of other types of potty chairs for our toddler and were disappointed in the size or fit.
I never had a hard time training him to use it.
He seems to be very comfortable with it that he seems to actually enjoy sitting on it while making poo and playing his toy ramp & cars at the same time.
He also likes using it without doing something else so I know its not about the toy.
This happens when my son would use the potty on his own without a liner.
I have no complaints at allI just finished potty training my oldest child and really loved this potty chair.
When we first got this it was hit and miss if she would like it.
Because she is so small still and can't sit on her own and the potty is a bit big for her to lean on the chair part, we sit her very close to the front and hold her upper body up.
I realized when she has been bundled up and then we take her potty she didn't like the cold plastic on her legs.
So we bought some leg warmers and problem solved.
There is no foam seat for the pee to seep into.
The lip in front looked too high at first.
Perfect for girls potty training and for little boys.
I just might keep this seat forever....I will have visiting grandchildren somedayMy husband insisted that our son would potty train with those on the adult toilet seat inserts.
Now he enjoys sitting on this potty.
It's the best height for him and he even likes emptying the receptical into the big toilet.
Easy to clean.
He feels like a big boy copying what his brother does.
She has low muscle tone, so we needed a potty chair that would be supportive and comfortable enough for her, and this one does the trick.
I also like this chair because the little potty bucket is smooth, without many little creases, nooks or crannies where, um, germs might get stuck -- so it's very easy to clean.
I wanted something that was comfortable, compact, and without all the bells and whistles (lights, toys, sounds, etc.).
Our bathroom is small, so now I have to store bothThanks to Amazon's 90 day return policy, we bought 4 different potties for our boy to try.
I'm not going to sit on it, but it handles a 32lb kid no problemComfort - No problem sitting on this potty.
Other potties we tried the lip was not high enough (or not there), which could be a disaster.
We have the other brand/styles that have wipe holders, etc but don't use it.
You can also get one of the more basic, smaller potties to keep in your car for tripsWe actually started with the potty inserts that go right on top of the regular toilet (built in type, portable type, and a cushioned type).
My son was refusing to use that to potty train, and we decided to try this one instead.
It is a sleek, simple design, easy to clean, no annoying sounds or other bells/whistles.
I ordered it to get my child used to sitting on the potty (not starting training yet).
I ended up ordering the Baby Bjorn Smart Potty, which is a very similar design without the high back/sides, and it seems to be a much better size for my needs.
It appears that the bowls are interchangeable.
He sat it in it like a chair for an entire day the first day but when he took a pee in the potty chair, it went all over the floor instead of into the bowl.
The downfall of this chair is that, the front piece that's suppose to block the pee from spilling out, is not high enough.
It's just not made high enough to block the pee from spilling out.
We don't ever have any splashing incidents.
Like most stand alone potties, it is very small and low to the ground so I don't anticipate being able to use it for much longerI got this potty after reading reviews on all the potty's on Amazon.
He has had zero issues with it and I have no complaints.
and looks like an actual mini toilet.
Simple to clean tooI wanted a small potty chair that would be easy for our 18 month old to sit on.
We didn't pressure her to use it, but would casually ask.
She would run in and sit on it, read on it, and sing songs.
Fast forward to when she is 22 months and she now asks to go potty and will actually use it for that purpose!
I specifically got the white with splash guard so that it was the same color as the adult toilet in all the bathrooms and also so we could see if she wentI bought two potties before I realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front.
I broke down and bought this.
This doesn't have the bells and whistles like some other potty.
he is able to sit and do his business, carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself (he was not even 2 yet!).
For boys, the pee guard lip works pretty wellThis is a child sized toilet.
I also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet.
Makes it easier to keep it conveniently located for your toddler.
Also, despite its 'lack' of bell and whistles it is easy to clean and safe.
However, I wish I'd bought a potty seat (BABYBJORN Toilet Trainer - White/Black) instead of a standalone potty for the following reasons:1.
I'm not sure why, but it is the only thing I've ever tried to sit her on that makes her cry and which she refuses to sit on.
She comes into the bathroom to me and points at it and says, "Potty."
every time we go in the bathroom.
If she'd prefer to use the adult potty, I won't have to clean up poops by hand like I would with this one.All in all, I thought this would be preferable to her than a potty seat, and I was totally wrong.
For the novice parent of boys, it doesn't matter how high they make the splash guard, boys need to point it down.
We have the Bjorn that fits over the potty too, but we've hardly used it.
He and we love this one way too much and its so much easier for him to use the potty on his ownThis is a really nice potty chair, I like the high back since my toddler is special needs and has trouble sitting up, this gives her a little extra support in the back.
Really just your basic potty chair, no bells or whistles, but that fits our needs.
We kept it up until he was 4 months old and then I stopped because my mother-in-law thought it was "weird" - I tried to start again when he was 6 months but he was already attached to his diapers.
I could really kick myself now that he's 2 and many many poop diapers later!
Anyhow we had the smaller version of the Baby Bjorn potty when we were doing EC and it worked great cuz we could manuver him and pee him sitting down.
After he bumped it sitting down I couldn't get him near the potty for weeks.
I didn't put batteries in it - too much for me.
It looks more like a grown up potty except it has a cartoon smiley face.
Not as simple-looking as the Baby Bjorn but a much better potty in many many waysSturdy, serves the purpose, plus it is stylish in design.
I can't get my 2 year old to use it for anything else than playing with, so we've reverted to the toilet seat ring on the toilet which she will use to go pottyI have two different pottys.
It is very easy to empty and clean.
This chair is great.Pros:1- Sturdy.
He leans forward to get a wayward car or his stuffed teddy and it does not tip forward with him2- Catches all of the day's product, nothing has escaped yet- the guard is tall enough.3- Easy to take the pot out and dump into the toilet but because he is sitting on it, no chance for him to pull it out and dump while he is sitting.4- Easy to clean (the most important?
)Con:1- Once he has stuck to the pot and when he stood up quickly, it stuck to him and dumped.
A minor problem in the grand scheme of things and it has not happened since.We bought one for grandma's house and would recommend highlyNice looking potty, white insert is removable for easy cleaning.
And is BPA freeWhy I love this toilet....it does not have all the bells and whistles of some of the toilets out there...but really, why do you need them?
Ive learned my lesson with the cheaper potties made of thin plastic.
I returned every one of them and purchased all Bjorn products.
but the bjorn borg is very expensive for what you get.
it is at least very sturdyWe wanted a potty for our daughter to start using once day when she was about 7 months old.
This one has been great - it isn't so big that her butt falls through the hole, but it definitely has room to grow.
She seems to like sitting on it and using it and it is very easy to cleanLike this chair.
Would certainly recommend to othersI was very satisfied with the quality of this potty chair.
However, my daughter used it as a piano bench for her toy piano and nothing else.
Then one day I took her to a family restroom that had a little potty in it and she ran for it to go sit down.
I immediately bought her a potty chair that looked more like a real toilet and found that she actually was interested in potty training, she just didn't realize this chair was supposed to be a pottyMy daughter loves this potty.
She can sit in it for a while, even if sometimes she doesn't do anything in it :-) I just wish it had a lid, it would make it a little easier to keep her from throwing toys into itI use cloth diapers and was anxious to at least get the BM's into the toilet instead of having to wash them.
I am fortunate to be able to stay home with my son so I am in close contact with him and can tell when he is trying to go #2.
As soon as I see his BM face (starts pushing, and eyelids get red) I quickly take off his diaper and sit him on this potty.
With him being so small you do need to sit directly in front him and entertain with a song or a toy as he does his business but it is worth it.
We got it before 18 months and she is very small for her age, the other potty we had was &#34;the shortest on the market&#34; but bc of the design she had trouble.
The only downfall ivories would be she can grab the basin and easily pull it out but she is pretty good about letting me do it.
Your little one will sit and be situated as i the same body position as an adult on a real toilet.
The back and arms are high enough to make your little one feel secure and allow him/her to rest against them.
The back is great, he can sit on quite comfortably, so long as I entertain him!He has used successfully, and it's really easy to empty.
I just add some water if needed and flush it, the seat just lifts out.There is an imprint on his bum after he gets up, but he doesn't seem to mind.Here's a tip: since he still pretty short and his feel don't reach the floor, I use something to put his feet on for leverage, and it really helps.
Unfortunately, I haven't even given birth yet and I already know they're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.The pros: inexpensive.The cons: These diapers are horribly rough, even after a washing.
The fabric is fraying and even triple folded, these things do not hold liquid.
Since I'd already washed them I figured I could at least use them for dish towels, but they merely move the water around on whatever surface you're trying to dry, they don't absorb.Save your money and skip these...and buy a higher quality cloth diaperI find these cloth diapers very useful.
They are inexpensive and very usefulI'm not sure how other people can give these a good review, or maybe I don't know what they're supposed to be used for?
Certainly not diapers!
My mother recommended that I get some flatfold cloth diapers just for cleaning up messes, using for burp pads, etc.
The ones she meant were the cushioned ones, however.
I'm returning immediatelyWhether you are using these diapers for diapering or for burp cloths, I suggest you look at the version with the padded absorbent center.
This version is too thin to serve as either a burp cloth or for diapering.
Way too thin for that.
I cannot imagine how often you would have to reach for a 2nd, 3rd and 4th burp cloth if you had a baby who spit up all the time.
lolA friend recommended I register for these although she knew I was planning to use disposable diapers.
In fact they may have more holes than cheese cloth does.
There is no way that these diapers will hold anything that they are going to need to hold.
Don't waste your moneyLove these!
My only complaint is that they shrink quite a bit.My daughter has always hated wearing disposable diapers.
As she got older, she'd arch her back, scream, and try to get away as we were putting the diaper on her.
So when she was a newborn, I used these flat folds wrapped oragami style (no plastic cover, although you could use one) to give her a break from her disposable diaper.
We've actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time.
Now I use these as a cloth insert for the gdiaper (fold in fourths, then half) and Thirsties (fold in thirds, then half).
Now with my daugher I am using another pack of these - would recommendI disagree with whoever said that these are too thin for burp cloths.
I fear that the prefolds would be too bulky for me and not nearly broad enough.
I like the simple, large form of these diapers.I use these predominantly as burp clothes.
I have three packs, and I really needed them all when my baby was a newborn.
Tuck one in the car-seat, another in your pocket, and lay one under your baby's head when she goes down for a nap.
I had intended to use them as burp cloths, but they are way too thin and not absorbent at all!
Plus, the fabric is really scratchy.
Not at all what I was expectingThese are just too thin to be used as diapers.
They are also a strange shape which makes them difficult to fold to be used as diapers.
They are just sitting in a drawer.
We don't actually use these for diapers.
One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I don't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to "catch" my little boys' geyser, as my husband refers to it, during diaper changes.
They were amazingly awesome back in the day, so I'm wondering what on earth happened.These are very thin .
I mean see through thin.
Any baby "mishap" would immediately seep through.
Not only that, they feel very rough - not something you'd want to rub on a newborn baby's skin to clean spit-up or drool.I feel bad for giving such a poor review because I'm normally a huge fan of Gerber products.
I just think that these are pointless and a waste of money.
You can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these.
These are much easier to change and wash than those covers.
My daughter has really bad acid reflux, and not many burp cloths can stand up to a good spit up.
I go through about 5 a day.
They are VERY absorbantIt may be telling that I've never had old Gerber flats.
Maybe if I had 20 or 30 year old diapers to compare these to, I'd give them a much lower rating.
They do indeed appear thin.
After I prepped the OsoCozy diapers, I did a head-to-head comparison.
I put my daughter in an origami-folded Gerber flat, pinned, and kept her coverless until she peed.
Then I did the same with the OsoCozy flats--same fold, same pinning, etc and kept her coverless until she peed.
End result?
These are JUST AS GOOD as the more expensive diapers.So, why am I not giving them five stars?
One reason only: size.
Flat diapers are supposed to last your baby from the newborn stage through toilet training.
These really won't.
For all that the product description says they're 27x27, they're not, at least not after being washed.
They are very rectangular after prepping, and pretty small.Their small size makes them PERFECT newborn diapers, though.
Even if most of your stash is all-in-one diapers, you would do well to buy a couple dozen of these for the first couple of months, especially if you tend to have smallish babies (one-size diapers don't usually fit below 8lbs).
She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my houseYep, flat diapers are indispensible for baby.
But skip the Gerbers!I'd decided to cloth diaper, and got some fantastic (big, thick, soft) birdseye flats for $12 per dozen, online (Google flat diapers).At the shower I was given some of these, and I thought "cool, some cheapies for the non-diapering situations.
"I was shocked to find they're not that cheap, and even more shocked at the (lack of) quality.
After 5 weeks, these are still sitting untouched on the shelf, even though my tendency to grab my "diapering diapers" for everything has me running short on diapers a lotThese bottles are great!
However, the nipples and all of the other pieces are not needed if you're using other bottles (which I think most people would be).
i end up using the avent for feeding and transfer the milk from the medela.
buy this if you are planning on storing a lot of milk.
Thanks to those who mentioned that the Evenflo nipples would fit the bottles, but it's the Evenflo Classic nipples that fit, not the Evenflo Elite nipples.
Now I just need to find caps that would fit without having to buy this whole setThese are the only bottles I use and they work well.
I should mention that she is not picky (becasue some babies are)about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slowI use these to pump & store my milk with the Medela Harmony pump.
But the nipples are worthless---not shaped like me in the least (and probably like no one!)
Instead we pour the milk into a Playtex drop-ins system bottle with the big slow-flow nippleThis is really handy with the mini electric pump that I have.
Very helpful to have extrasWorking full-time and pumping at work and at home.
Didn't hurt when I saw them come with the nipples for those emergency feedings in the carI was very disappointed in this product.
(Anyone need my Medela setThis is a must have for working moms who have the medela pumps.
They are very resistant, easy to clean, and the rings and caps are very useful.I only put 4 stars because the nipples are useless if your baby is already using another brand, and I would have prefered another bottle and accessories insteadI ordered this product thinking it would be great if I could pump directly into the bottles we'd be feeding our baby with, eliminates a step right?
I hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage.
I like the evenflow glass bottles better, she wastes very little milk with thoseThese bottles are great but are very pricey.
I have a 2 month old and I was producing more more milk than he was drinking allowing me to store some in the freezer.
I was hesitant to use the bags because I was afraid they would leak so I found myself wanting to buy more bottles, but for $18.99 for 6, I needed to find another alternative.
I would check to make sure these don't have bisphenol A (BPA), we didn't know about back when we got them.
fast shippingIf all you want is something to pump into and/or store breastmilk in, this won't let you down - but you can get many more bottles for your money going with the 4oz evenflo or gerber bottles, both of which come in BPA free versions.
(The colored plastic evenflo are BPA free, not the clear plastic ones) Both brands will screw onto Medela pump hardware and are light enough to do hands-free pumpingI got the Medela bottles because I intended on breast feeding my child.
Unfortunatly I was unable to do that.
I love this product, I like the way it looks, the only thing I HATE are the bottle nipples.
I don't freeze my milk in these (I use Gerber bags), but they're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles.
They are expensive for only 4 bottles and totally unnecessary.
Get the bed sized ones as an under layer (which adds cushioning from the plasticky mattresses that are made today), layer on the pretty sheets, then use a smaller pad under the diaper area.
It's the difference between wearing a hospital pad versus a brand name pad.
the first time i used it i seriously used the expression "let's see how good these really are"...only to be terribly disappointed: upon turning him over (yes he did let out a dose)i found i had really let my child lay in a puddle!!
this o so absorbent pad really did nothing but allow for a greater area of redistribution.
i even ventured to put my hand into it to see how much was absorbed n literally had stuff dripping from my fingers!
!this was a waste of my money.
After reviewing many reviewers I decide to buy one and try it.
I bought more of these and left one in her cosleeper for leaks and as a changing pad at night so no trips to nursery.
They go anywhere and we left one at grandmas and one in the car for changing on the seat when not convenient to change elsewhere.
I've used it over a pillow on my lap, but it's too stiff to use over your shoulder.
It is a little to big, but I managed to make it work.
I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on.
I tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.
Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.
lets pee through on the matress or whatever it's laying upon.
They do the trick of catching spit-up, vomit, and leaking diaper problems.
These pads save me a lot of time beacuse I don't have to worry about doing the sheets all the time.
Regular burp cloths are softer on Baby's face and less bulky.
They may not be the softest on the market but they work very well.
For the price, you can afford to buy several so that you don't have to do laundry as often.
The only thing I didn't like about these pads is they seem to shrink a bit when put into the dryer.
My advice is to line dry them to avoid this problemWhat I like about these pads are the way the don't slip around at all when you lay them down on carpet or flannel sheets.
And awhile back when she had a particularly upset stomach and lots of diaper blow-outs we kept her on top of these pads all day, whether she was sleeping in her crib or anywhere.
They come clean easily and I don't mind that the cotton pills up.
I have three that I keep around--one for the diaper bag, one for the bedroom, and one for the laundry--and I don't know what I would do without them.
I just throw one of these on the bed when I'm changing him at night so I don't have to walk across the house to his room to use the changing table.
It is water resistant (and everything baby can "spill" on it resistant) and it is large enough so that if my little guy starts to go to the bathroom while I am changing his diaper, it gets on this pad instead of the bed.
Because this is much larger, and absorbant, I just throw it out on the seat of the car, or on the public restroom changing table, or on the floor, or wherever I need to change him, and it covers a nice large area--I don't have to worry about him touching any dirty surfaces.
I have one on my changing table that came with my Pack n Play.
I also use on on the floor under her activity gym (Sparkling Symphony Gym)since it doesn't include a mat.
They are used frequently and really do hold up to alot of abuse.
I use them under the bassinett sheet now.
I put it under the sheet and I have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material cannot come off.
It is very soft, provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard, and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem.
Even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard.
I began using them for my daughter in both her portable crib and regular crib as an infant.
Now that she has moved into a "big girl bed" at 2 I also use them under her sheet to protect her mattress for those occasional nights when she wets through her diaper.
They don't leak unless banged upside down onto a table or floor, and the valves are easily replaced once they start to wear out.Unfortunately, it's getting hard to find this particular style of the playtex cups.
Since they last a very long time, we've replaced valves and are using some very old ones.
We've even replaced lids once upon a time.I ordered one set of these recently, hoping they'd be boy-colored for my new one year old.
My 3 year old was thrilled and the 1 year old doesn't really care at the moment.
For my second child we used Nuk silicone spout cups for awhile but he kept chewing the spouts.
They were getting expensive to replace.
I remembered my daughter liking these and looked around but couldn't find them.
I have ordered several packs of them.
All have been the blue and green as pictured except my last order I got purple and orange prints.
I've tried many brands and these are the sturdiest and leak the least amount then anything we've tried.
We have 3 children using sippies and so they get a lot of wear and tear on them.
This was a great price and I couldn't get it this cheap in the store.
She's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily, so that's not the cups fault.
She was drinking water from these yesterday and had it running all down her chin then choked a little.
I'm hoping to use these once she's a little older since they really don't leak at all.
She kept holding it upside down and tossing it and nothing came outMy child at a year old can sip out of them but a lot does come out.
He is getting better now after a few months of having them.
He throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out!
Playtex does make insulated ones which in my opinion are a lot better for two reasons.The first reason is that my childs hands do not get cold while sipping from cup and second the drink stays a lot colder a lot longer.
Cups with silicone tips WILL leak if they get bent.
I can throw this cup in the diaper bag and not worry that it's going to leak.
Avent sippy cups are hard to hold, difficult to drink from when the cup is not filled to capacity, a pain to clean, and worst of all they leak.
I'm sorry I didn't at least register for a pack of these when I was pregnant.
I've gotten rid of most of the sippy cups in my house but did keep these around for when my 2.5 yr old wants a drink of water in her bed at night or if my neices or nephews need one when they come over.
After your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece.
Nothing exciting and does the same function, made well, but looks dull, very dull....
I have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain, anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them.
The underside of the lid has crevasses around the mouth bit that are deep and narrow and almost impossible to get really clean.
I have been using ours for awhile and regularly sterilizing in boiling water, but the residue build up in the lid has gotten to the point where I have to toss them and buy new sippy cups.
Too bad, as they are great in the no-leak department.
I will be buying a kleen kanteen sippy--no leaks, stainless steel and easy to cleanMy son needed more replacement valves as his seemed to all dissapear down the garbage disposer.
Well I ordered these and got PINK cups instead of the blue/green shown.
I really didn't think colors vary would vary between sex's - I assumed wrongly they'll all be unisex.
Great value tooYes they leak, I mean POUR milk from under the sealing ring.
Don't waste your money.
If you are crazy enough to buy them SAVE YOUR RECEIPTThese are very convenient if your child is already using the Avent bottles.
If you use a Medela pump, you can get an adapter and pump straight into these containers, eliminating a step in the breastmilk collection chain.I also find that the small sizes are convenient, especially if you normally pump four ounces or less out of one or both breasts.I didn't give this product five stars, though, because, really, these are just four more Avent bottles with a sealing disc.
My only complaint is that they are slightly too small.
I usually pump more than 4 but less than 8 oz.
and so I am forced to either use two containers or sacrifice my milk (which is too precious!).
They make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.
When I need the milk, I just take them out of the freezer, heat it in the bottle heater, put on a nipple and go.
They are greatThese storage bottles are great because you can use them to store breast milk or formula.
It's one of their times together, and I get to spend time with my older children.
I love the heavy Advent bottles and the caps have a rubber ring in them to really seal the bottleI use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out.
I don't have any problem with leaking and I can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.I gave these 4 stars because I didn't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer (which is why I registered for them in the first place).
I just ended up using the Lansinoh and Gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezerLove this containers.
I haven't had any problems with freezing them and they haven't cracked.
Love the fact that they are small containers (4oz) so they freeze well and when it's time for the milk to be defrosted it doesn't take long.
I plan to make my own babyfood and I am going to use these containers.
After he stopped with these bottles, I used them since they had flat closed tops, to shake up his formula.
However, the slightly larger toddler size tub has a slow leak.
The first one we bought had a very slow leak; after 9 months it turned into a fast leak, so we bought another one, thinking we wouldn't be unlucky enough to get another defective one twice in a row.Wrong!
At first it was so slow, it just meant we'd have to reinflate it once in a while; then you have to reinflate it more and more often until finally it won't last through one bathing without going limp.
After the second flop, I decided to just send the leaky tub back to Kel-Gar and ask for a free replacement.
When I finally called (took me a while to get around to it; I kept thinking that surely a replacement would be arriving any week now!
), they were totally unhelpful.The woman who answered at "Customer Service" kept interrupting me to tell me that they do not accept returns, and any problems have to be taken up with the retailer.
Way to stand behind your products, dudes!Then when I called the retalier (Right Start) just now, they said that it's not their responsibility to handle a replacement, it's the manufacturer's-- BUT at least this customer service person was polite and said she's ask her boss and look into it more, just to see if there is anything they can do.I'm really surprised that Kel-Gar cares so little about their image with the public and about providing pleasant and helpful service to their customers, especially repeat customers such as myself.
?However, since that is their attitude, you're better off buying an inflatable tub from a real-life (non-virtual) retailer with a decent 90-day return policy, such as Babies-R-Us or Target, so that if a leak develops you can physically take it back and get a replacement.
That's what we'll be doing from here on out.So long, Kel-Gar.
The tub was "just ducky" but your service was DOA!Update: No go on the replacment.
It's so much nicer than the hard plastic tubs.
(Couldn't do that with the plastic tub.)
Easy to fill up and easy to clean up.
(I also use that for hanging up so it dries out after every bath.)
This tub just makes bathtime much easierWe used the infant bath tub initially but by the time my daughter turned 2 months we started using this inflatable tub.
I put it in the tub and though my daughter doesn't sit up yet, she has plenty of room to move her legs and arms while I hold her.
Also, we don't have much room in my bathroom so we put up two extension rods (like those you use to hang a shower curtain) above the tub and store it on them.
I find it very versatileI had previously purchased another tub because it was a few dollars cheaper but soon regretted it once received.
The tub had two pouches to but the soap and shampoo.
But the one thing i needed was a drain.
The dirty water built up and the only way to get it out is to tilt it up so it can pour out.
Such a hassle while washing a 9month old.
I can fill the tub up for him to play and splash and allow it to drain out when its time to wash. Great, so my son don't soak in dirty water which he does pee inThis inflatable tub was perfect!
Time to buy a new tub.
*Update - all the other tubs have the same negative reviews about splitting seams over time.
Ah wellMy almost 1 year old grew out of the hard plastic-type infant/baby tub so looked for one that was softer and bigger.
Like the dain plug and the suction cup to keep it from sliding in the tubI was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.
I use that sometimes as I don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.But I was worried about safety so I purchased the cushion.We also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.
We have had some very hot days so I take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.I like it also when he has diaper rash as I can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his buttI bought this because my baby wasn't old enough to sit up yet but was getting way too big for her plastic tub.
You don't have to worry about them slipping in a big tub and it saves water!
She is now able to sit on her own and she really enjoys splashing around in this.
I love how much safer it is and its big enough for her to use for a couple of yearsWe were in that in between stage for the bath.
But at nine months to small for the real thing.
I did not need a tub that had slots for the shampoo because then my Son spends all of his time trying to play with the shampoo.
Great purchaseMy baby had outgrown our hard plastic tub and was uncomfortable in it.
I got this tub as a replacement.
But once it's blown up, it's ready to go.
It's a little difficult to fill since it's so puffy, I have trouble getting it under the tub faucet but since I need to test the water temperature anyway, I just cup my hands and let the water run into the tub like that.
If you had a tub hose or something it would be easier.
He lays back and luxuriates in his bath and it's very cute to see him &#34;relaxing&#34;.
(8 months old).
My son can sit up very securely, however he immediately slid.
I even bought a tub mat insert to try, and he still slipped.3) It barely fits into our tubI couldn't find anywhere--not on amazon nor on the product or its packaging--what this tub is made of, but I suspect it might be made of PVC.
The smell is gone now, but I would have loved it if this tub were made of a less smelly (and probably more eco-friendly) material.Also, the tub doesn't fit directly under the faucet--half the water goes in the inflatable tub, and half of it goes between the inflatable tub and the side of the bathtub.
I fill a large plastic bowl with water and dump it into the tub to fill the tub.Other than these issues, the tub is ok.
The size is good and it does the jobWe really liked the size of this tub.
Our 1 yr old has room in it and can use it for some time.
It saves water.
I was going to use the shower hose to fill it.
However, when I tried to drain the tub, the drain on the bottom of the tub would suction to the bottom of the house tub and it wouldn't drain.
I'd have to hold the drain hole off the floor of the tub.
It is too heavy to pick up with water in it.
It will drain if you push the tub to the very front of the bathtub where the drain hole is over at least part of the bathtub drain.
I wish they had a little piece under the drain hold that held it off the floor of the bathtub.
baby could sit up with confidence, I switched him to this tub.
Now he has room to splash his hands against the water, play with his bath toys and explore the duckie-print.The tub is easy to blow up, easy to hang and I've had no problems with it being slippery.Honestly - with a couple gallons of water and a 23 lb baby inside, how much can this thing moveI purchased this tub in June 2011 and in January 2012 the seams started to fail.
I have to blow up the tub each time I want to use it.
I temporarily fixed the seam with crazy glue but now it's hopeless.
However, the six months that it latest was great...this is a perfect tub for an infant who has learned to sit up by themselves.
My daughter is 16 months now and she still loves the tubMy daughter had the munchkin duck tub for awhile until it broke.
Well...she is almost two and I was thinking of getting another one or bath mats.
Our tub is very slippery.
So I found this one and the age limit was past 2years old so I thought I would try it out.
my only complaint is that the drain sits flush against the bath floor so it doesn't really drain unless you put something underneath it to elevate it a little (I use a foam letter since we already have them in the tub for her to play withBottom blow up cushion doesn't stay inflated and the plug doesn't really drain the water effectively however it fits snuggly in my tub and my daughter doesn't mind her baths in here.
Has transitioned our bath times from sink to big girl tub like I wanted so job well done.
Good product and woukd recommendWe used this tub for my baby from about 7 or 8 months old until about 13 months.
It was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.
It only took moments to inflate by mouth, and I never needed to add more air.
Some reviews mention a slippery bottom but we haven't had any problems with it.
So I needed something fast that could act as a transition tub.
I would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it (just be very careful).
I tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out!
I used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes.
Just place the plug in the hole and fill!
My only complaint is that the bottom leaves...um...rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in.
The tub is really cute but the bottom panel on the one we got had a leak and would not stay inflated, which completely defeats the purpose of creating a soft surface for them.
We ended up putting the infant bath sponge that we used when they were newborns in the bottom and sitting them on that.
They had a great time splashing and playing.
She is VERY active so she doesn't like to sit for very long.
We first tried the bath ring, that was a disaster.
I highly recommend this tub, especially if you have toddler who won't sit through bathswas looking for a solution for my infant when he outgrew the baby tub (he was too long for it and his feet were hanging out).
My husband has to re-pump it every couple daysI'm very satisfied with this affordable blow up tub.
She loves the ability to play in the water in here, I just have a hard time keeping her sitting in the tub, she keeps wanting to stand up and climb the bathtub walls.
She rarely gets upset at anything let alone cries -but I have to say, I blew up this tub and our daughter FREAKED OUT - she would clinch onto me super scared of it, turn her head and cry out at the sight of it.
She was sliding around (and I could see an accident waiting to happen) so I bought these cute little "mini" whale suction cup/ non slip mats on Amazon and they work extremely well.
Don't know what it is about this tub, but wasn't for my daughter.3 stars because the product itself was okay- just not sure what "spooked" her about it!
And worth noting, it did have a strong odor when I blew it up - but that was a bad taste in my mouth- not an external odorvery nice productGood little tub.
Fits just fine in our American Standard regular tub.
Little man sometimes pulls the drain plug, so make sure that it is pushed all the way down.
We have a standard sized tub and this took up so much room that I had to step into it to enter or exit the tub.
It would be ok for somebody who was sitting next to the tub while baby bathed, as it would save time and water not having to fill the whole tub.I had some problems with mold, and boy is it tough to get off once it's there.
Honestly, we got more use putting this in the back yard during summertime, and now it's getting tossed outI purchased this inflatable tub for my son because I wanted to have a portable tub for when I went traveling with him.
Now that he sits up on his own, it's a lot easier to bathe him.
I like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because I can wash him more thoroughly, all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat.
If you travel, it's a great idea to get an inflatable tub, it's portable, and quite sturdyThis is a nice, big tub, but the bottom never held air.
Decided to keep it anyway, but then after a day it developed a slow leak which made the whole thing pointless.
My 9 month old does not slip around in it at all.
It's so nice not to have to fill up a whole bathtub with water, just for a tiny baby, too.UPDATE - My baby is now 16 months old, and we still LOVE this tub, even though she's in the 97% for height and 90% for weight.
Unfortunately, it has developed a slow leak.
We got 10 months hard, abusing, biting on the tub use out of it, which is amazing for such a reasonably priced product.
I only refilled the air once in 10 months - the rest of the time it stayed full.
The SnugTub is slightly longer, though, and that was a key issue.
Why doesn't someone invent a larger toddler tub?
We're trying to postpone having to waste a lot of water filling the entire adult bathtub for our growing toddler's baths.
A vinyl tub that is 9 or 10 inches high and 30 inches long would be perfect and sell well.
There must be lots of other parents looking for a similar transitional tubThe good:It lasted about 6 months and never leakedIt really did fit my tub well and helped the transistion from sink to tub for bathing.The bad:Once it goes.....it goes.
It developed a slow leak on day and went into the trash.
Felt wasteful, after that we decided to bathe our daughter in a rubbermaid bin instead.
I tried the fully body boppy pillow, but had trouble sleeping with it and I had trouble with having to adjust it again after turning over.
The wedge is very stiff, even after working it for a little while.
The angle of it isn't right..it should be thicker at it's current thinnest part, because basically, my belly just pushes into it, and it falls on the floor, eventually.
It was a waste of money, and a rolled up blanket or pillow does the job way better, and they are way more comfortableToo small.
I don't think I'd call this a "pregnancy pillow" - it's too small.
However this worked good for just head elevation (with another pillow on topOMG this was the best thing I ever bought while pregnant, i used it for holding up my stomach while sleeping on my side it was invaluable.
It stopped pulling and stretching of my stomach, kept my legs apart when I put it between my knees.
If you are a man reading this with a pregnant wife, get it for her.
It was the best money ever spent!
I have always been a left-side sleeper so I didn't think sleeping while pregnant would be difficult.
I was in the market for a snoogie but couldn't bring myself to pay $60 for a pillow I would only use for a few months.
I'm glad it's not memory foam because I need a 'lift' not to sink in.
I gave it 4 stars only because I have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.A great buy!
A great little size that does the jobI'm in my 3rd tri and have been sleeping with a snoogle but was finding that my belly wasn't getting the support when I had my back to the snoogle --so I ordered this.
But I'm not sure if I would feel like I needed it if I didn't already buy it.
After seeing the Boppy wedge, I would have ordered that instead because it's much softer.
The drawback to this wedge is that if you wedge too much of it under your belly, it hurts your back --defeating the whole purposeSo tiny and hard as a rock.
Inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for.
One on each side of me every night I went to sleep, when I was pregnant.
I am keeping them for my next pregnancyI tried to use this while pregnant but for me it was too thick and firm.
However it did make a great tool for propping up our newborn's mattress because he needs to sleep elevated due to refluxThis wedge is very small, it will work well for supporting a pregnant belly but is not for sleeping on.
I was disappointed that it was so small and firmIt's alright for a little extra belly support or to put between my legs.
But, I think there are better products out there.
Can't beat this price thoughI was terribly uncomfortable and needed some support for my baby belly, but this was not even close to the answer to my problem.
I'll say it again because these are the only two words worthy of writing about this product:Terrible and pointlessbought this for the last 4 months of pregnancy and it really helped comfort levels during nap and night sleeps.
I purchased it intending to use it to prop my torso up at night during my 2 trimester.
It was much smaller than I realized and tossed it aside.
I found myself using it behind my back during TV time and also in the car.
Right now, I am letting a friend borrow it for her back at work since she is in her third trimester.
I would recommend this pillow to anyone so has back issues or is pregnant.
The case comes off so you can clean it tooMy daughter is pregnant with twins and it was getting to be very difficult for her to sleep.
When she was admitted into the hospital at 31 weeks in pre-term labor, this was the first thing she asked her husband to bring.
She has made it another week and this little pillow gets a constant workout.
It makes an outstanding ramp to launch hot wheel cars!
Entertaining a 4 year old in a hospital room is hard, but this pillow has assisted us in doing just thatThis pillow is smaller than a standard sized bed pillow.
I have already gotten my $10 worth & forsee using it for a long time to comeI bought this because it was so much cheaper than a Snoogle, and I needed some support for my growing belly.
Now that I'm in the third, I feel that it is much too firm.
I have to adjust and readjust several times during the night.
It's better than nothing, I supposeI'm 28 weeks pregnant, and have been having trouble sleeping with the extra tummy weight so I thought this would help.
However, this didn't really help me sleep better at all, if anything it made it worse.
***UPDATE*** Now that I am 33 weeks, I use this support pillow every night.
Now I can't sleep without itA decent pillow, wife is expecting and is in her 6th month, and this was perfect gift to her for a good night sleepI bought it in my 21 week.
I have a L shape nursery pillow, but need another to support my belly.
And it does do the support job.
The problem is it is too hard for me.
The technician who installed my car seat told me to never ATTACH anything to my car seat (including toys) that didn't come with the seat, and the way these headrests fit, that is considered to be attached.
It's the same reason you are not supposed to put your baby in a car seat when he or she is extremely bundled up- you end up securing the clothing more than the baby.
I tried the head rest that came with her Graco car seat and it was terrible.
I found that the items I needed to use it with (the carseat, the stroller, the swing, etc.
Using one in a seat that it wasn't made for can cause your child to fit improperly in the seat, putting them at greater risk for injury.
The product may be a fine one, but I found an &quot;extra&quot; one to be unnecessaryI am not rating this very highly because my daughter's head still flopped around quite a lot when I used it because babies' car seats have them sitting almost upright even as newborns.
Also, my car seat came with oneI love this product.
I have the Chambray color but it's still the same product.
1 in the carseat and 1 in a swing or bouncer.
Keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food I try to feed her & is currently teething.
This particular one appealed to me because it's not dyed & it's made in the USA.
I'm guessing the mesh is too distracting or annoying to them(?)
She would just shake it around, bang it, or throw it.
Also, it's a total pain to clean it.
The netting never gets clean in the dishwasher.Save your money on this oneAt first I really liked this.
You can purchase new netting for it but why spend the extra money when you can buy one by Munchkin at Target for less?
Also - not to be weird but on a taste test the Munchkin brand had no taste while this one seemed to have a little, bitter taste.
For $3.00 go with the Munchkin one.
Sometimes little bits if food gets stuck in the netting (but in this one and the munchkin brand).
Whichever you decide to go - this is a great inventionThis is great.
This is a brilliant idea.
This is the only thing that soothes his teething pain that he'll take.
I admit the older style bags were hard to clean (Oxy clean and an overnight soak in hot water in a cup before a top-rack dishwasher run did get it clean, but was messy and took extra time).Now, new easy-clean/disposable bags are here!
Look for them out there--our BRU had them recently.
Pitch them if they're really bad, but just unscrew bag from ring, scrub or soak both and voila, put back together and re-use.
Then throw them away as the bags age, tear or stain.Alex has used ours since 4 months of age and our original bags plus newer replacements are still going strong at 10 months, with repeated dishwasher-ingI purchased this product a few months ago despite all the bad reviews and so far I have not had a problem with it.
I've had this sitting in the sink (dirty) for days sometimes and I have never once had a problem cleaning it.
The best way I figured out on cleaning this product is to just clean it with hot water and dish detergent and clean out the inside really good with the same type of brush that you use to clean out the bottles.
Even the bananas come out and who cares if its a little stained as long as you know that its clean.
I was in the store the other day and saw a similar version of this item made by Munchkin at less than half the price of this one.
Needless to say, my perception of this has significantly changed (for the BETTER!)
I use this for my 7 1/2 month old son with canned pears, pieces of apple and canned peaches...Just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag, and let your little one have at it!
Better yet, when they're teething, freeze cubes of juice, and put the cube(s) in the bag--they'll thank you for it!
They'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves (albeit making a mess too)...but more importantly, they are LEARNING to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they're so used to.
The first time I saw it I thought, "What will they think of next..." but now that my 2 year old and nearly 1 year old are putting everything in their mouths this is an indispensable part of our home.
It is very flimsy and floppy when food is in it.
She just played with it (flipping it around) thinking it was a toy.
He loved the flavor of melon, but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke.
I like that she can hold onto it herself and I don't have to worry about her choking (there's no way she could fit anything but the tip of the mesh in her mouth).
I have had such good luck with this product that I'm already stocking up on them to give to girlfriends as shower giftsSome swear by this, but my child hated it.
How much would you pay to have some safeguard against your little one choking as they learn to eat new foods?
I had heard good things about this product but this is something you HAVE to experience for yourself.I found it so nice to be able to offer my daughter bananas, grapes, potatoes, and so much more without having to worry about her taking in to big of a piece and choking.
I could drop one or two ice cubes in the bag and my daughter would be on cloud nine.
I think you can buy this one and not the "Starter Kit."
All you really need is one set.
It is a huge mess, which I can deal with.
The main issue I have with it is that the mesh is pretty thick so it's hard for her to actually get any food out of it.
I wouldn't say this is one of my indispensable baby items thoughI was afraid that my baby would throw/drop this and break the ring, but then I discovered that I could link the handle to the attachment on the Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Highchair.
He had his first local gorn apple at 5 months old thanks to this product.
He gnawed that thing to death.
We keep one at home and oone in the diaper bag for when we got out.
It is easy to clean and is one less thing to worry about.
The handle is a bit heavy and I wondered why they couldn't make it a little lighter to hold.
My baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her.
Eating out of this does get really messy but that's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves.
In comparison to the Munchkin Feeder I bought, this is nice in that the handle screw off but the Munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to cleanI think this is a great idea.
At that time she was having trouble mastering how to hold the handle and soon after that she was able to pick up foods on her own and was pretty good at chewing.
I LOVE this product for when she is teething.
I put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet so it doesn't stick to her lips.
She gets upset when the ice is gone.
I took the bag out of the freezer and into the fridge to thaw and ended up with a shelf full of breastmilk.Maybe these bags work for supermoms, but they didn't work well for busy, sloppy me.
Apparently I can handle a ziploc baggie but not a twist tieThe idea behind these bags is great - you can pump straight into the bag and store them.
The execution, however, is lousy.
I will never go back to Medela.
With Lansinoh I won't have to worry about that.
From the beginning I did not like their closing system - with a tie!
You basically roll the tie down and twist it up - I like the Gerber seal and the Avent clips much more.
I had problems pouring out the milk though, it leaked everywhere!The good thing is that you do not have to double bag to freeze, like I have to with the Avent ones.Overall I won't buy the Medela ones because I think they are too expensive for what they stand for.
I use either Gerber - very good but also a little more expensive, or the Avent ones(that I have to double bag to freeze!!!)
These were just about the worst!!
They were small, thin, punctured easily, and those twist ties (although pumping directly into the bag is a great concept) were just a pain in the butt.
I love Medela's pumps (I own the Pump in Style Advanced, a seperate manual pump, and used the Lactina hospital pump for 3 months), I like their storage bottles, I even like their nipple cream, but these bags need some more work put into themI really liked the Medela products at first, but I never really liked these bags, mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them.
If you get too much milk in the bag, it will leak when you close it up.
Then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked, causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean.
Plus, the bag got stuck in the puddle.I have also used the Gerber bags, and I liked those much betterI was not impressed with these storage bags.
This brand is harder to close, more time consuming and wasteful (due to spillingthey freeze well but you have to place them in a coffee cup or something so they won't tip over.
also the twist ties are terrible.
i heard gerber is a much better brand but i got hundreds of these and just used them instead of bothering to go out and buy something different.
I really didn't like using them with the twist ties.
They sit on their own and don't need to be set in a cup!I do prefer using bottles to store milk and have found the Mother's Milk Mate storage bottles to be a great cheap alternative for storage bottlesIf I had to freeze breastmilk, this was great because I didn't have to put a lot of plastic containers in the freezer (we could use them to feed the baby instead).
I usually put 3 of them in a freezer bag as a double layer of protection against leaks and freezer burn.
They thaw easier and faster than in hard plastic or glass containers, too.
Very convenientIf you are looking to make a mess, lose milk and get frustrated, these are the bags for you.
You have to string the twist-tie into each bag by yourself.
Also you are supposed to tear the little tab on the bottom of the bag to get the milk out.
The first time I did it I lost a whole bunch of milk.
Your better off untwisting the tie and pouring it from there.
The worst thing about the bag is that they have leaked a few times that my caregiver was warming up the milk.
This never happened with the other bags on the market.
Another bag thing about these Medela bags are that they are more expensive than the others.
The twist tie closure system is cumbersome.
The plastic is thin and leaks in the freezer when frozen.
The only advantage I can see to these bags is that they are easy to hook to the medella breast pump and pump into directlyI found these bags to be okay but why spend time fooling around with twist ties when they make storage bags with those simple ziplocks?
Yes you can pump directly into the bag but then you have to fool with wrapping the bag around the twist tie and the whole system is just pretty inconvenient in my opinion.I found the Lansinoh brand storage bags to be much better.
They come with a double ziplock so that you can be certain that your precious milk will stay fresh for your little bundleWe were using bottles to store milk when my mother bought these.
I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars b/c they are a little bit akward to put on the pumps, but I love them!!!
they save space and they are less expensive than buying 50 bottles to store your milk inThese bags leave a lot to be desired.
They don't lie down flat, so you can't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer.
I've never had a problem with those leaking or ruining my milk.
I have stored milk nearly 50 times using the Medela bags and have been completely satisfied.
However, I do dislike the fact that the way they are closed is to insert a little trash bag tie into the two pre-cut holes and then fold over and over and twist together until tight.
I store my milk in tupperware and then enclose in large freezer ziplocks and have not had any problem with the milk being corrupted.
The way they close is annoying because it doesn't freeze flat at all and I can only store 3 bags of milk per container- thus taking up tons of space in the freezer.
When I heat these up in a pot or under hot water I never have to double bag or worry about leaks and that is what matters most to me.
What a waste!!
The twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective.
They can be found at most retail stores including Target and Walmart.
Those are hard to get really tight.
I highly recommend this productSomething like this is a great idea, but when I called to ask the fire dept.
to inspect my car.
They said not to add any after-market things to car seats or seat belts.
The firefighter said this could weaken the seat belt over time and it may break in a crash.
They also said that the headrest for the infant seat was dangerous because it adds more room between baby and the seat, which may cause the baby to be injury seriously in an accident.I took both out of my car.
If I can't find a use for it, I'll probably throw it away.
The headrest is in the bouncer or the swing.
He used it for his two kids & said he wouldn't do without it.
On the old center seatbelts (no shoulder harness) they are a breeze.
Solid as a house, and putting the &quot;extra tail&quot; into it keeps it from loosening.Plus side: man, is this thing tough.
And simple to operate.Minus side: some car seats don't have enough room under the base for this thing.
Also, the new shoulder harnesses really torque the seat sideways, and this thing only makes it worse.
I don't like using it with a shoulder harness belt unless it's dead center of the car, because the extra torque tends to make the seat crooked.
You have to crank the ratchet a partial turn, hold down the yellow lever, and pop a button while holding it down.
At some point, with all of them, if you're using seat belts to hold down the car seat, you're going to have to tighten the belt significantly.
"After" we got the Mighty Tite, and went through the use of it, I'd say our car seat installation time was reduced by 200%, and the installation job was much more secure.
During a recent spate of traveling, we had to install and re-install the seat a dozen times in a two-week period, and this was utterly essential for getting on and off of the airplane quickly while still having a securely-installed seat, and even more importantly, getting the seat re-installed securely when we were putting it into a "strange" car.We particularly appreciated the plastic instructions attached to the Mighty Tite with a metal ring -- it meant when we got confused about how to use it with a different belt arrangement, we had the visual reference right at hand and not all dog-eared or ripped up (like our car seat installation manual!
)Obviously, if you're only going to install the car seat once in one car there may be diminishing returns on a device like this.
Since we've already put it to heavy use, though, I'm well satisfied at the purchase and valueDon't buy this.
It's not safe, can cut your seatbelt, and kill your child.You need to get a good install without this dangerous productWe had gotten this seat belt tighter for both our cars - a Subaru Outback and an Audi A4.
For the Subaru, the Mighty-Tite was too bulky to work well - it was pushed up against the car seat and it was difficult to tighten completely.
It fit well on the Audi, but when we got our car seat installation inspected, the police office checking our seat said that she did not recommend this product.
She has actually had one break while installing it!
Since it is not made by the car manufacturer and not made by the car seat company, you should be wary of being lulled into a false sense of security just because you have this productI am a big guy, and even when I pushed down on the base of our Graco seat, I could not get the seat installed tight enough.
A couple of clicks on the Mighty-Tite was all I needed to fix that!This device is excellent, and I can't possibly imagine anyone breaking it like some reported here, the device weighs a lot (a good thing) and feels extremely sturdyI bought this product because I was so afraid of the seat belt not being tight enough for the infant seat base.
I have used this product since my son was just a few months old.
I never worried about the seat belt again.
I was in a car accident with my child when he was almost 3 years old.
I was still using this product with his forward facing car seat.
My car was totalled (I drove a Saturn)...the only part of the car without damage was the roof & the drivers side...my son's car seat was on the rear passenger side, so he recieved more of the impact than I did being the driver.
I honestly believe that this product saved him from worse injuries than he recieved.
I don't know how it worked out that way, but if his car seat hadn't fallen to its side, I think that he may have been hurt more.
The Mighty-Tite still worked fine after the wreck, & the seat belt never broke like some of the other reviews say.
It was soft, and when my child was sleeping he didn't pull it out.If and when I use the pack and play as a playpen, I may pull the sheet out and try again.
For the basinett - don't botherWe own these sheets and they are great specially for my nephew..they seem "thin" but actually they are not to thin...i washed them many times from baby puke...these sheets has saved our travel yard from the evil smell of vomit!
when he was a newborn/1month old...these sheets kept our play yard very clean!!
Baby will spit up, drop the bottle, lose the sippy cup in the playard, and extras are much more convenient than attempting to immediately wipe down the sheet.These sheets fit well, wash well, and aren't overly padded so as to be unsafe.
All in all, a reasonably priced, high quality necessityI bought one just to try to keep the pad a little bit more comfortable, but it is so thin.
In fact, I did!
I only use the sheets when we're traveling and my son uses the playyard to sleep in, and I haven't had any problem with the sheets coming off during sleep (and he's pretty active at night!
Also, they're not the softest sheet in the world, but that does make them a bit more durable.
However, since we just use them at night, I would have liked a bit softer sheet.
The sheet is also quite thin.The best thing is to not have high expectations for this sheetI couldn't fathom why the pack'n'play layette bed needed a sheet.
Not as easily as you might hope, and these sheets are just the thing to make it easier.
They fit perfectly, match fine, and keep muck off the mat.
Way to go, Graco - you've done it againI really like this sheet.
It has been spit up on about a million times and has been washed about a million more.
There's not much to say about a sheet.
To me, a sheet's a sheet.
The price could have been a bit better but the color is nicer and doesn't show stains as much as some lighter colored sheets do.
For the purpose I got this for I have no qualms.
We haven't had any bleeds and the sheet isn't stiff or scratchy.
I would never use this long term but for short term use this is convenient.
Just one thing threw me, I thought the color "tea" would be tan or some variation of a light brown, but it is definitely greenI also almost didn't buy these sheets because of the reviews on this site, but I couldn't find another brand either, so I picked up two of these in navy.The sheets are a bit on the thin side (they are the thinnest sheets we own for him), but since our son has been sleeping in the bassinet in our room since day one, they are the only sheets he's ever slept on.
The sheet fits well and I've had no problems with washing it.
It's not the softest sheet ever made, but that's not what I was expecting.
After all, my son plays on itBought a hundred dollar pack and play and this was my ONLY option for a sheet.
Can't they make the cheap one and a higher end sheet for those who don't mind spending money for better quality?
Sheet has to be washed seperately from rest of baby's laundry.
Would be better to choose a lighter color that could go into the same load as the rest of the baby's laundryI had two of these sheets for my first child because that's all I could find at the time.
VERY thin and not very soft either.
You can see the pattern right through them.Now that we're expecting our second child any day and she'll be sleeping in the play yard for a long bit, I wanted to see what else was out there.I found the following brands at BRU, bought one of each and tried them on the bed.
Soft but still a bit thin.
They are elasticized though, which is easier to put on and stays on better.
Elasticized and stayed on well.
Most expensive at $14.99Carter portable crib sheet: Knit fabric.
On the thin side, but soft.
Highly suggest NOT buying these, but going with an elasticized sheet.
Both the Carters and Koala sheets are cheaper and are better quality.The Pack 'n Play fitted sheets will only be used as under sheets from now onWe have the Saratoga P&amp;P and I've been very disappointed with the sheet we bought.
It's been so bad that we haven't used it yet.
The material is very rough and the sheet doesn't fit well when the mattress is in the bassinet positionWe have the Graco Clarion Pack N Play and this sheet fits perfectly.
Can't understand why there are so many negative reviews about the fit and wear of this sheet.
It is thin, but we haven't found that to be a problemThese sheets are incredibly thin and cheap.
We've bought several other brands, all of which were better than this stuffI regret not following the advice of the majority of reviewers on this one.
These really are terrible sheets.
Boy was I wrong.
It's upsetting that my Babies r Us only carries this brand.
I'm going to return the rest for a store credit and try to find a suitable replacement elsewhere.
As for now I am currently using my bassinet w/o a sheet.
Since she's always wrapped in a blanket she doesn't mind going w/o the sheetWe couldn't get the sheet on right.
It kept lifting the corners of the floor mat.
Waste of moneyYou do need some kind of sheet if your baby will be sleeping on the plastic, and these are all I've ever found.
They don't fit great, which doesn't make any sense since they are designed for the pack n play.
They're also pretty stiff even after washingThese sheets are not good at all.
I am a big fan of Graco products, but not these!
They are thin, and not soft at all.
I ended up making my own sheets...all you have to do is get a piece of flannel and hem it and make the corners, they don't need elastic since the mattress has bending points in it.
They are small and don't take up much space to store when waiting to be used.I have four of these in three different colors.
They also fit well over the quilted pack and play sheetO.k., yes it is thin, it is not the softest out there, but it does the job.
I couldn't imagine putting him in the bassinet part without a sheet...
I'm glad Graco came up with such a great product.
Still wear them if the other brands are not cleanThese reusable nursing bra pads are bulky and show through shirts.
I was very disappointed after using them the first time.
They are much more thicker than the disposable ones and very easily seen under my clothes.
However, you will have to wear a padded bra in order for the seams on these pads not to show and/or look pointyI bought these because they are washable and the box said they are 100% cotton.
However, while prepping them for first use, they just about RUINED my very expensive Rowenta iron.
Why, you ask?
Why would the cotton setting NOT work on a cotton breast pad?
Because the brainiacs who made them decided to use some sort of nylon-based serger thread on the edging!
It is not even polyester thread, which tolerates a VERY high heat (i.e., cotton) setting from an iron.I am so incredibly disappointed.
I really wanted to use these because they are cotton.
And in case you are wondering why I would iron them, they come out of the wash very wrinkly (whether you air dry or put in the dryer; I washed them twice for prepping and did both drying methods).
But if you are like me, and prefer no padding in your bra, then I would give these a passI've tried four different products.
I'm working to test each product I can get a sample of.
I believe most products fit one or more specific needs.
Read further if moderate to heavy let-downs are common.All products were machine washable, free samples, and pre-washed in hot or warm water and cold rinse at least once before use unless otherwise noted.
No fabric softeners were applied as they can cause repelling.
All samples were used at least a month before final opinions were noted.Categories: dry shirt test, rate of absoption, appearance, leakage, light use, heavy night use, doubler.
2-second squirt of 3ml absorbed in same 2 seconds.
100% cotton, 4 layers, med contour and dart/seam, 6 pads/pk, ~5" diameter, Made in Canada.LA LECHE LEAGUE:Single layer/light 4 starInner doubler 1 starOuter doubler 4 starheavy night solo 2 starRate of absorption 2 star: (3ml in 13-40 sec, variable)3ml within ~5 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - shirt visibly wet in 5 minutes (3ml)Appearance 5 star (Especially good for C/+ size in my experience)Best appearance for 36C wearing tank top/tight clothes.
100% cotton, min contour and dart/seam, 4 pads/pk w/ mini laundry bagNUANGEL INC:White/White Lace/PatternsSingle layer/light 5 starInner doubler 3 starOuter doubler 3 starheavy night solo 2 starRate of absorption - 3ml within 3 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - White/Patterns: back barely damp in 30 min / White Lace back not discernibly damp @ 30 min... in both cases shirt barely felt damp but not visibly dampAppearance 4 star (flat.
smaller you are, better it probably looks)Natural/Natural LaceSingle layer/light 5 starInner doubler 2 starOuter doubler 4 starheavy night solo 2 starRate of absorption - star: 3ml within 5 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - Natural: back damp in 30 min / Natural Lace back not discernibly damp @ 30 min... in both cases shirt barely felt damp but not visiblyAppearance 4 star (flat.
smaller you are, better it probably looks)NuAngel had the best price per unit.
100% cotton flannel, 4 layers (+ optional lace), 8 pads/pk (4 pair), no dart/seam, 4.5" shrinks to ~4" diameter, Made in USA.Definitions:Fully absorbed.
liquid no longer beads/flows on surface when tiltedHeavy let-down.
Can soak a Lansinoh disposable (most absorptive disposable I'd encoutered) in a single feeding and leak.
Heavy flow requires very absorptive inner doublers and low(er) absorption outer doublers so they have time to soak it all up without affecting your shirt.
3ml water dispersed in 2 seconds.
Dispersed/absorbed time: 2/2 = absorbed immediately.
Check at 5, 10, 20, 30 minutes.If you would like another product reviewed, please let me know.
The yellow cream stains, so I didn't want to mess up my good pads.
After I no longer needed cream, I moved on to the washable ones.
I forget that I even have them on.
I don't wear too many tight clothes these days and if I did I could use disposables (to me the J&J and Avent disposables are the most discreet).
I have four pair.
I generally do laundry once a week, with one load at some point mid-week.
I have to say I'm going to let go of my idealism this once because the washable pads feel very inflexible and awkward under my shirt.
I also do not like that they produce fuzz that gets glued to my nipples when they leak, which is very hard to remove without soap.
Somehow I do not like the idea of my newborn eating that fuzz with his meal--even if it is cotton.
However, it feels as if the disposable absorbs the moisture better and in that regard is more comfortable as wellYou can see these through your bra...even a think padded bra.
And they don't lay flat so they aren't very comfortable.Try the LLLI Washable Nursing Pads.
They work if you only leak a little bit, unfortunately, if you leak a decent amount, you'll soak right through the pads.
I use them at night at home but never when I go out.
This is something to keep in mind when purchasingThese breast pads are merely okay.
They have a very small diameter, and retain their shape very poorly after being washed.
Because of their small diameter, they are extremely obvious under clothing.
I only wear them at night for that reason.
however the slightest leak and they seem to soak through easily not recommended for those who leak a lotThese are a little to big for me (even thought I have big-uns).
They tend to get wrinkles in them and you can see them through a shirt, an under shirt, and a bra all at once.
My nipples were raw, sore and a little bloody.
Even though I coated my nipples with lanolin after every feeding the pads would still stick to my nipples.
My breasts and nipples already hurt so to have to peel these pads off every two hours was torture.
To make things worse little strands of cotton would dry themselves onto the cracked bleeding parts.
A waste of moneyI bought these to use during the day at work and so far they've worked great.
I didn't give it 5 stars because you can't wear these with thin clothes or they show.
I wear them with a bra that has light padding so it works great that way, but if you wear a thin bra with a silk shirt or dress it would show.
I don't leak that much, so it's not a problem at allI was hoping to find a more eco way of dealing with leakage than using disposables.
These work in terms of absorption for me (I should qualify that to mean I leak but generally during feedings or at night and not profusely, but enough to soak 50% of the surface of my bra at a time).Unfortunately, they are so thick they show through my more tailored clothes (flowy, patterned tops seem to remedy much of this problem).
The stitching is rough and itchy.
Once the pad is washed it's very ripply and won't sit flat (which is the biggest annoyance for me).
They're great if you plan on being a slovenly hermit at home, but I wouldn't want to wear them in publicI didn't want to be wasteful with all of those disposables, but even with my thickest bra these were visible, and in order to have enough around to always have a clean set available it just seemed silly (I mean, new mom nursing a baby isn't doing laundry very often... unless you're doing cloth diapers I guess, in which case maybe this makes a ton of senseThey're fine if you want to change them out every hour.
I'm a working mom and I over-produce and leak more than other women.
These leaked through so quickly.
I much prefer Nuk reusable nursing padsI have tried 4 other brands and these are the worst.
I haven't had any problems with leakage (with this or any other brand) but after 3-4 washes the Medela pads are so wrinkled and have lost their shape that I can't wear them with anything without them showing through.
I would not recommend these unless you were going to hand wash them - but who has time with a new babe!
But after the first month, it became more of a hindrance.
Perfect height to get those knees up so you're not hunched while nursing.
It also helps my husband, who has a bad back and chronic pain, sit more comfortablyI so regret not buying this sooner.
My back and feet felt SO much better after using this stool.
Even ordered an addiotional one for my grandparents house that we are going to in the next week in another state!
You can buy it at Target or anywhere Medela products are sold.I own the pump in style advanced... get this one, its worth every pennyYes, it seems a bit ridiculous to buy a nursing stool, but I got one after I used it in a nursing supply store and it totally changed how comfortable I was!
It comes in handy when trying to prop baby at the right angle.
I wish I had invested in this item with my first child, would have saved me from some aches and pains.
Great bargain and money is well spent on a terrific and useful stoolThis stool is great!
The only problem is I get so spoiled at home, its hard to feed my son while we're out!
I wish I would have had this at the beginning but only discovered it in a nursing room at a baby store.
If you're planning to breastfeeding or having trouble with latching, this is a mustCan't say enough good things about this stool.
I used one at my lactation consultant's office and found it really helpful.
I am not too tall - 5'3" with legs on the shorter side.
Maybe if you have longer legs you don't need a stool, but I would recommend it to any new mom planning to breast feed.
And things got worse when my son was born.
I simply could not get comfortable while breastfeeding, and was having trouble maintaining good posture, so my back was getting worse and worse.
I ordered this stool thinking it would help me get comfortable and sit straight.
Unfortunately, it has not helped me at all.I think one main problem is that I am very short: 5'1" and change.
When I sit on my couch, my feet don't reach the stool.
While I sit on the miniature recliner in my baby's room, my feet do reach, but the sticky pads on the feet of the stool are not sticky enough.
So if I put any weight on the stool at all, it slides away from me in seconds.This is a nice product, and well made.
I just wish it worked for meIcouldn't have nrsed without it.
Even my mother-in-law stated, "wow, this really works" as she was rocking her granddaughter to sleep.
My two month old and I have had our trials and tribulations with breastfeeding, but this stool has eliminated all of our discomfort.
No more back pain and fewer bad latches due to awkward positioning.
If you are a breastfeeding mom, you need this stoolI didn't have it when I started, but I really appreciated it once I got it.
A definate improvement.
I am usually bare foot and they irritate my apparently sensative feet.
I've put a dish towel over it to make it more comfortable for meI didn't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse, but I was wrong!
I used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking!
The stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.
I recommend it to all my pregnant friends as it makes nursing for long periods of time comfortable and you can use any chair in the house, you don't have to necessarily sit in a fancy glider once you have this versatile stoolI was nursing without this stool for almost 2 months.
I thought it was from picking up and carrying around my son until someone purchased this stool for me.
In just 1 week, my lower back pain began to go away.
I would definately recommend getting this stool if you plan to nurseI wish I'd had this when I was pregnant.
But I have it now and it has come in very handy.
I wouldn't buy it until you see if you need itthis was a back saver for me while nursing.
It was hard to nurse without support and something sturdy to put my feet on.
I have a rocker/glider that I use in my front room and the gliding ottoman is just awkward and bulky.
I was using a regular child's step stool but have had to tip it onto two legs and I'm starting to notice some wear on my carpet.
It is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couchThe hospital that I gave birth in had this stool in all of its rooms.
I was thrilled to find it on Amazon when searching for something to make nursing in our new rocker more comfortable - I am quite short, so I needed something for my feet to rest on.
I use this stool every night in the middle of the night while nursing and rocking our babyThis stool is a miracle worker for tired legs and backs.
Believe me, there is no comparison between rocking/nursing/holding a baby with this stool, or just resting your feet on the floor.Definitely in my "top ten" list of must-haves for breastfeedingI really like this stool.
Only complaint is that it could be a little wider for me.
I like to keep my feet apart somewhat when I nurse.Amusingly, my toddler thinks this is his "chair" and uses it when we read books before bed timeI decided against a glider/rocker for nursing and went with a stationary chair.
I went about a week of nursing with my feet flat on the ground when I realized my back being achey from the position.
Boy was I wrong.
If you find yourself stuffing an extra pillow/blanket under your nursing pillow to fill in the gap between the pillow and your lap this stool will solve that problem, and won't fall out of your lap onto the floor!
The hospital had this exact nursing stool too and you could tell it was really worn in and old, but still held up perfectly.
The nice thing is when you are done nursing the stool is still practical to use as a foot rest for chairs around the house- including a nice under the desk foot rest while you are on the computerI registered for this stool when pregnant, thinking it would be a nice position-helper while breast feeding, and it is, with one drawback: it tips easily if you put any weight on the edges (top edge or either side).
So far, this hasn't been a huge problem, except for making a loud THUMP every time I do it, which sometimes startles the baby.
I would just suggest that you avoid ever using it as an actual stool and never step or stand on it, and keep any little kiddos away from it too.Other than the potentially dangerous tipping thing, it is a nice wood piece and went together very easily.
As stated before, I would not use it in place of a safer flat stool, but it would be absolutely great under a desk to prop up your feet while workingWe have a white crib and the last set of these I bought (years ago) were discolored.
I know some people did not, and wrote poor reviews about it when it was clearly buyer error.
I have only 1 problem with these (hnce 4 stars).
I had actually gotten these & put them on when my daughter was in the crib, but after being on a few months, they almost looked kind of liquidy underneath and when I went to remove them, they removed some of the wood varnish as well, so I left them on to look better.
I plan to use one of those wood color markers to cover the teeth marks if it really bothers meMy 13 month old immediately pulled off the covers and started playing with them.
We would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey.
So he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood.
And of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too (11 months).
I'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a DIY project when it comes to ties and cribsSkip alllllllll the other gummy crib rail protectors and just get these.
They go on with zero headache and stay on.
Not sure how they would work if they fittedMy 11-month-old can easily remove these protectors, making them worse than useless--they're actually an additional hazard.
It did not fit my rail.
How are you supposed to know if it will fit unless you purchase it?
What a painI wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this product.
So not only did I waste my money purchasing these, but both of my cribs also have a bunch of teeth marks... exactly what I was trying to avoid.
My 11 month olds have not pulled them off....yet ;) There is another listing for this same product, http://www.amazon.com/Prince-Lionheart-Crib-Rail-Teether/dp/B001JBALRQ/ref=pd_sbs_ba_5 , you might be able to get an idea of the size/shape of the crib rail it expects.I covered just one side of their crib at first, but this seems to work and I just went out (to a local store) and bought another pair to cover the other side of the crib.I recommend this product, however, you need to measure or consider your crib rails - they need to be on the skinny side.Update: After several months of use, I noticed that the varnish from my cribs has come off of the crib and stuck to the inside of the teething rails.
I hardly noticed until I looked at it harder.
I still like what the product does, however, I'm disappointed that it has ruined the wood.
I don't know if someone put some furniture polish on the crib rail to make it do that (I didn't).
I thought this was important and wanted to make sure you know aboutI realized that there was a DC-10 power cord (bulky) on my power strip and wondered if this would be able to fit it.
My boy is only 10 months and has yet to get his little hands on it.
If you have 3-prong plugs or plugs with adapters, be prepared to rearrange your electronics because they won't all fit in this product.
I haven't found anything better thoughWorks as intended at a good price.
With this device it is only practical to have cords that are infrequently changedOther users have lamented over the size of this product, but it really needs to be large in order to fit the power strip and all the plugs.
It comes with outlet plugs, which were handy for the empty ones.
I don't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up.
Many people had commented they were difficult so I actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out.
No problem.
And it is actually white, not the yellow it appears to be in the photoMy charger for my breast pump wouldn't fit in this contraption, but otherwise it did what it was supposed to doThis securely protects the surge strip plugs from little hands.
If a little one were really persistent, he/she could probably dig fingers through the opening, so I plug up the openings I don't have anything plugged into with the caps they include.
My only complaint is that I have to unlatch it to plug something new in, but I can't fault the product-that is just how baby proofing goes sometimesEveryone with a power cord and a child should have this.
again, great concept, needs a bit more on the execution partHolds a power strip and plugs okay, but my toddler can still get her fingers down in the cracks where the cords come out and the crack between the front piece of plastic and the longer back piece.
Mine is also a white color, not the cream like it appears in the pictureThis thing is bulky and me no likeThough they snap and the locks are tightBut it's huge but I guess that's okBut won't be ordering more, it's not worth it to payOk so this technically does the job but it's stinking huge and the locks work too well in that it's a pain to open up to get more things plugged in so I guess it's best to use it for power that you won't need to touch for a whileI wouldn't call this much of a safety product.
The plastic is very flimsy and the locking tabs aren't that hard to open.
I would expect a better quality product from something marketed as a "safety" item.
It's fine as a deterrent, but nothing I would waste money on againI had to put one of these on my computer power strip as my son wanted to push the button with the light on it, this is great and I am very happy with my purchase, you cannot go wrong with buying thisDaughter saw it once, wanted to play with it.
She gave up shortly thereafter when she couldn't get in.
she tried to turn everything on/off again and found out she couldn't and now she stays away from that area!
a total life saver and pretty sound productThis is a must have for parents!
There are a series of little pegs that must fit into little holes to get it to latch.
Now you would think that that's the point of the power strip cover, right?
It does come w a couple outlet plugs for the extra slots in your power strip, I was just hoping this would work a wee bit better.
If all you really need is to prevent your child from unplugging things from your power strip, than this will work for youThis does what it needs to do.
We ordered another one alreadyI have one power strip this doesn't fit, but I bought a few and it suits the other ones just fine.
Other than that, it's very secureThe opening on this is too narrow to accommodate iPhone/iPod/MacBook adapters.
If the cover were taller, it wouldn't be an issue because the whole adapter could fit inside, but it's not.
It's just too short, even for the smallest of the Apple adapters.
So I had to return this anyway, but if I'd kept it, I would only have wanted to use it for a power strip that I never need to add/remove plugs on -- the tabs to open the cover are a serious pain...and ironically would be easier to open if my hands were smallerWe have a very active 8 month old girl, so we decided to buy 3 of these to cover the connectors, Was very easy to put it on.
Would highly recommend this productI have a basic single row power strip, and i couldn't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch... therefore making this completely useless to me.The snap buttons are hard to open and close, so it would be good to keep little fingers out, but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.The stip i have is SIMILAR to this one,&lt;...>but not exactly the same.
Make sure whatever you have plugged into the strip is going to stay there for a long time and isn't something that needs to be unplugged often.
The bottom portion opens easier than the top, alsoEasily contains our power strip and multitude of plugs behind the TV.
Not the most attractive solution, but it worksI really like how this product hid the plugs and kept my son from unplugging/plugging the electronics.
It is very hard however for me to open it, but I guess that's the pointThis is supposed to keep your kids safe.
This is easily done even by myself through the top where the cords are supposed to come out.
A child can easily unplug anything inside the cover and get their fingers inside, which completely defeats it's purposethis is the best/cheapest for keeping little hands away from extension cords and looks better in person - it's white not beigeWe are fortunate in the design of our computer desk.
Instead of installing a power strip safety cover, I purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.)
Keeps his little hands out of everything and I still have room for my chair & feet.
Seems like nothing is perfectGreat Idea.
Doesnt work on plugs that are bulky and go sideways.
The reason i gave it a 3 stars is because two reasons.One the wires come out the top making it hard to put them in a cord hider.
I saw a more expensive version of this that did thatThese have worked very well for us.
I now own at least five of theseThis item is useless.
I had difficulty opening the part where the outlets go but that's a good thing cause I wouldn't want my little guy to be able to get to them easily!
The slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 1/2" wide and 7-5/8" long.
When closed, the hole for the power strip cord is 1-1/8" by 1-1/2".
There are no holes for wall mounting, but four outlet covers, two plastic cable ties, and ten cord identifier stickers are provided.To open the 4" cover at the power strip cord end, you pull up on a single tab; this seems rather easy for a child to disengage, which means that he/she might have access to the outlet nearest the power strip cord end.
I like the fact that you can simply open the 4" cover to flick the power strip switch on and off.
It does organize the wires better, so although he could still play with them, he's less interested, and I have time to pick him up and put him somewhere else without there being a hazard.
However, he could get his fingers into the gap if he wanted to, but I don't think that's a problem currently, maybe when he's older there could be potential for getting fat fingers stuck.
Also,maybe he'll be able to open it in the future, but the latches seem stiff at least for the initial few months, making it hard even for me to open!
It allows many different shape plugs, but sometimes companies make strange shapes so those don't fit, which is annoying, and there is probably no product on the market to allow for those odd shapes.
It's somewhat hard to snap and unsnap together.
While this does the trick there are better products out there.
Again my 15 month old has lost interest in even trying to mess with itThis is one of the worst products created for child safety.
It didn't fit our standard power cord, the front section opened really easily (actually had a hard time getting it to stay closed) and once we opened the back section to plug things in, couldn't get the back section closed again.
Definitely big enough for my 9-month old to stick her fingers in, which is kind of the opposite of its purpose.
I sent it back and moved around furniture to hide our power cords insteadWe got this for the power strip in our livingroom by our tv.
But there also lies the problem with this.
So as long as you don't plan on opening and closing this a lot then it works great.... but if you need a cover over a strip that you need to access a lot, then this one will most likely frustrate you quicklyIt was a pain to get all three clasps to close the first couple of times, but once you get the hang of it, it's not that bad.
And I had to use a tie wrap to keep the cords together so I could close it.
I hate having to take the time to pry the thing open every time I need to plug something in, but I'll take the hassle over my kid shocking himself.The main downside to this product is that it only fits standard plugs.
My mom couldn't plug in the box for her clicker lamp and I can't plug in my cell phone charger, or any other bulky plug.
Overall, I'd still recommend it to othersIt's not flimsy to me at all.
I also think it's very pretty - it brightened up the room.
When I read the directions I was disappointed when it said to only use this table for babies up to 20lbs (I was having a 10lb baby) so I didn't think I would get much use.
I couldn't afford a more expensive one so I kept it.
I store toys and diapers on the other shelves.
I have the shelves loaded up with alot of things and no problems at all.
The shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy.
The pad that came with it is very thin and cheap so I purchased a better one.
Great table, that does the trick.
Fits almost everything we need for clothes, and we have a diaper depot hanging off the side to fit all the changing table itemsI was going to get the "spindle" changing table from POttery Barn Kids but found this one, at about 1/3rd of the price.
i did get the baskets from PBK to store stuff neatly on the shelves.
The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont noticeFor my fourth baby I bought all new nursery furniture.
It was not difficult to assemble but you did need two sets of hands.
I store all our diaper-changing items on the top shelf in baskets, and then diaper bags go on the bottom shelf.
The only complaint I would have is that the changing pad is yellowing in strange spots (nothing to do with where it is used mostWe purchased this table to go with the White Jenny Lind crib we bought.
Having two children I couldn't possibly see the point in spending $150 or more for a changing table that you can really only use for the first year depending on the size of your child.
)-One thing to consider: Colors online are very different than in person...I found that the pictures online show darker, richer colors.
The blue and yellow are much, much lighter in person (they appear to be very pastel); I find them more appealing!Like I mentioned, I have four of these covers.
Buy more than one though, because they definitely get dirty quickly--I think I changed mine every day for the first 2-3 weeks that my son was homeWe have four of these covers- one blue, two green, and a yellow.
Some people have noted that they find these covers unnecessary- I'm sure the changing pad would be adequate by itself, but I just feel like the whole area is cleaner when I can throw the cover and pad into the laundry.Be advised that all our covers did shrink slightly after washing.
The terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy, like an old towel.
I am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them, I won't be buying any more though.
You don't strictly speaking need a cover, it's easier if you don't use one.
I never used covers with DD and never had a problemWashed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief!
Don't bother!!!
However, our son isn't extremely squirmy so we don't use the straps anyways.
They get rid of half my washing since I don't have to wash bottles.
I have never had a problem with them a must have for new mothersHaven't used these yet because I haven't had the baby but looking forward to it!!!
I can buy them cheaper somewhere else but still good product it seems likeThese are great.
HOWEVER I will only buy the generic ones from now on since they are so much cheaper!
Save your moneyYou can remove all of the air from the liner so it minimizes ingestion of air.
Works great, met all expectationsI was under the impression that the liner collapsed as baby was drinking, but that is not the case, so I'm not sure how this system is any different than a normal empty bottle.The only thing it makes easier is cleaning, since I can just drop the liner in the garbage and use another one next timeLove these liners have been using for many years with all my kids .
never had a problem with themI don't get the purpose of these since the air goes right back in during the feeding(got the special Playtex nipples and bottles).
Also, the store brand ones do the same thing for half the price.
Using these allows at least part of the bottle to be clean every time, so you only have to worry about cleaning the nipple (and the bottle base, but that doesn't usually get very dirty at allThese drop-ins are okay - they are not an improvement over an ordinary bottle.
Yes, I can simply throw these liners away after using them, but since I still have to wash the bottle's nipple, this system does not save me any time.
But when I was a first time mom, I hated washing bottles and parts.
It didn't take much time, but still it took time.
Now I have my 2nd child.
It designed for the bottle.
It's durable and doesn't have plastic smell like other generic brand I used once.Please note: If you want to use generic brand liners, you fill water to the water lines ON THE LINER instead of the marks on the bottle itself.
The water level/volumn is differentI am a big proponent of the Playtex Bottle Liner Drop-ins.
Cleaning bottles becomes limited to cleaning nipples -- a far less difficult task.
The only complaint I have is that I pre-fill with water and dump in the formula when I'm ready, but when I put in the 8 oz.
and let the bottle sit for a while, the bag expands a little so it only looks like I have 7 oz.
So the measurements may be a little off.
I would use a measuring cup to make sure you get exactly how much water you want and not rely on the liner's measurementsWe have twins so when purchasing products, it was all about investing money in things that would make our lives simpler.
The bag collapses as they consume the contents, which supposedly improves problems with gas but I'm not sure this system accomplishes it better than any others.
Because the bag is thin, it also takes a lot less time to warm bottles if that is a consideration.
These don't come cheap so I don't think there is any cost savings associated with this versus buying a boat load of bottlesSince these are used for only minutes and then tossed away , and never heatedto a dangerous level, the baby is safe and colic etc .
There is less washing needed during the day as the bottle doesn't get dirty.
It was cheap and saves a stepI love these liners.
I have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when I was squeezing the air out, squeezed a little too hard and POP!
My only complaints are: 1.
I would recommend these to anyone and I'm picky so you know they are goodWhat's to say, they do they're jobDrop-ins are straight forward and they get from me a nodThough at times they feel like a wasteBut saving time not cleaning puts a smile to my faceThese do 4 ounces, but when you get to 4 ounces it's probably better to just go to the 8 ouncers becase you have to remember that you need to put in formula into the water and it's nice to have some space to mix the formulaSeems to help with my son's colic.
Be sure to push the air out once the bottle is put together and formula/breast milk is it.
if you feel the nip, sounds weird!, it has a texture to it that other bottles don't.
most bottles nips are pretty "hard" unless you go latex...which scared me because I didn't want to find out the hard way that my baby had a latex allergy!
With my twins, the daycare goes through lots of bottles each day.
So much easier to clean than other bottle systems.
Then we tighten the lid and continue to press any remaining air out through the hole in the nipple (be careful when pushing up on the liner before tightening the lid as liquid can easily overflow).
When I travel, I use the playtex disposable bottles.
Makes for easy packing and cleaningI have no idea why I spent so much money on Avent (leaks all the time and too fast flow) and Dr. Brown's (difficult to clean).
These are ESSENTIAL for our out of town trips.
With my older kids I had to lug a whole plastic bin full of bottles plus the microwave sterilizer when we went on tripsSome people say that these drop-ins did not keep a good seal, but I found that those individuals were trying to push all the air out through the nipple and the pressure is what broke the seal.
If you want less air just press some of the air out before putting the ring on.
Pressing all the air out is unnecessary.
The liner does its job without pressing all the air out.
These don't leak as long as the bottom ring is screwed on properly.
No problems with excess gas and you know you are getting a fresh, clean liner everytime!
No upset stomachs (I think she may have had 2 ever and she is now 19 months old) and spit ups were uncommon.
Much easier than traditional bottles.
I won't try another brand.
And you can't beat the price on Amazon (for 100We used the playtex drop in bottles for our daughter and I do not have one bad thing to say about them.
They made my life a lot easier by cutting down on the washing of bottles.
You just drop in the liner and throw it away after feeding and the only thing you have to wash is the nipple.
We've been using the 4 ounce liners for 4.5 months now and we have never had one leak or break.
Sometimes after pouring milk into the liners they will expand just a tad more once the weight of the milk pushes the crinkles out, but it's not a large amount at all.
It's not that big a deal but I wish the bottle lines and liner matched perfectlyI don't have much time to go out shopping for things we need with a new baby.
The price here is just as good as walmart but it comes right to my door without the walmart craziness :) Would recommend for sure!
Easy clean up, great price.
Shipped very fastI measured 8 ounces in a measuring cup, then poured it in the liner, and it was a little below the 8 ounces mark on the liner.
You can not put the liner in the bottle first to fill it up, because the measurements on the bottle do not match up with the measurements on the liners, My husband always has a hard time filling up the liners because it is hard to hold it and add water since they expand.
Also, the numbers on the liner are very hard to readI've been using these for almost a year and they are great.
It's nice to not have to clean the inside of the bottles every night.
We've had very minimal leakage issues.
And I do think there is something to Playtex's claims that it reduces gas/air.
Also not terribly expensive over the long-run.
Worth the price; and that price is better than the price in the storeuse with playtex storage system.
o cleaning bottlesVery easy to use, combined with almost nothing to clean.
I prefer buying them from Amazon, because they are must cheaper than the store.
You get more for your money.
You don't have to worry about your child getting air in the bottle.
it is by far the slowest slow out there.
great stuffI bought these for a cheap price on Amazon, but when I ran out I purchased the "generic brand" at Wal-Mart for a few dollars cheaper than the Playtex brand, they work just as well, and do the same thingThis is my 3rd baby.
The liners no longer match up and it's hard to see the numbers.
Valuable time has been saved, now that I'm using these things instead!The only caution I have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements.
I noticed the difference when I poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag, and when it was in the Playtex bottle, the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.Aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements, this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my householdI use the Playtex nurser and tried two different generic brands (Walmart and Babies-R-Us) of the bottle liners.
I was unhappy with both, and ended up coming back to these, even though they are a bit more expensive.
I like that they collapse more easily than the generic, which seem more &#34;molded.&#34It is very easy to just drop in a sterilized liner and clean the nipple.
you can squeeze all the air out of these liners.take a look at the images to see step by step how i connect this to my pump kit and using the adapter rings and caps store, and feed without the need for the nurser bottle to mimic as close to mommy breastfeeding as possible.
Check out the images - you will see for yourself this amazing way to nurse your babyI have wasted so much milk using these drop-ins.
I bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.
I've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, I'll only waste a little bit.
But, come on, I'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes I forget, and I end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and I shouldn't have to check like that for a product I've paid for.
No good.Out of a box of 100 liners, I would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.
That's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.
Unfortunately, I've invested in Playtex bottles and Playtex nipples, so now I have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because I cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time I go to fill up a bottle.
I'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.
I usually rotate with 4 nipples so I always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.The bags don't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk.
This might be more an issue with the bottle itself than the drop-in.First few times I wasn't careful in positioning the drop in and ending up pouring the most of the milk on baby due to a bad leak.
Just pop liner in the bottle, add water and powdered formula, shake and you are good to goDrop in liners do make bottle cleaning so much less time consuming then before.
Too bad Playtex is quite expensive.
I tend to go back and forth between these and the store brands.
I have not had any problems with these and they are so much safer and sterile than a plastic bottle.
I think the only thing that could come close to being as good is glass bottlesThese make bottle cleaning and heating near effortless.
These are a godsendUsed these throughout the bottle stage with our now 19-month old.
Playtex bottles were the only ones we used and the drop in liners saved us time on dishes which to me was worth the extra expenseWe use these whenever we are away from home (take up less room in a diaper bag or suitcase) Took her a while to get used to the nipple on the bottle.
I like the whole playtex drop-ins system.
I have less to clean up with these, which allow me more time to spend with my babyLove these bottles, but baby seems to drink faster with these nipples.
Doesn't leak as long as you line up the arrows.
Great for traveling with baby, but not that great for the environmentWe were shopping one night and decided it would be easier to buy formula, liners and diapers from amazon than going to the store.
I didn't realize it would save us money alsoSo far I really like.
However, some of the liners were very squished and collapsed already while in the box.
So I had to stretch them out so I could put the formula in.
I recycle them too after use and rinsing.
But it beats washing bottles all day longI have used disposable drop-in liners from multiple stores (Wally-World, the bullseye store, & various drugstores) and find that they all work just as fine as these Playtex ones do, but at half the price.
Playtex, come down in price and you'll get 5 stars instead of only 4These liners are a great idea in theory.
The measurements are a nightmare, I have to guess how much breastmilk I am pouring in the bottle.
The only thing that helps is that I pour it in from a lansinoh storage bag and that gives me a better idea of how much I am putting in.With regards to leaks and the liner lip pulling free and falling out, I only experienced that with the 4oz liners but that was because I was overfilling them.
However I am always worried about this happening so I screw the nipple on very carefully.
I will be using them to store breast milk for when I go from breast to bottle as baby gets older so the expansion won't affect me any.
I have had no issues of them leaking, as long as they are put on properly.
The number on the drop ins don't exactly match up with the numbers on the bottleThe playtex with drop-ins system works great.
The liner and the nipple are the only things that come in contact with milk - the liner is disposed off after one use, and the nipple can be easily sterilized.This system works particularly well when traveling.
I simply took 2 nurser bottles, lots of liners, and many nipples.
Made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized.
The biggest advantage was that my luggage was a lot less bulky (as opposed to traveling with 8 glass bottles).The only downside: The 1 oz, 2 oz, 3 oz etc markings on the nurser are not correct.
That kit comes with an adapter that fits on a Medela pump.
The thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding.
Overall, very convenient and in almost 7 months of pumping, I never had a leak!
They definitely cut down on gas and are such a time saver!
This saves so much more time with bottle cleaning.
(Can you tell I hate washing bottlesI love the concept of these bottles and liners, but they are not a good choice for babies with colicThis product works directly with our Medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit.
It is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another.
I cannot comment on the freezing aspect since I did not make enough milk to be able to freeze.
Easy to fill, and disposable.
I would still buy them and use them again on my next childWe were told about the playtex bottle by our lactation nurse.
She recommended it because we were having trouble breastfeeding and she said these bottles wouldn't cause too much nipple confusion.
Just put a liner in and you're ready to goWe've used these (and the four-oz size) every feeding since he was brought home 5 months ago.
Such a time saver for clean up and disinfecting.
We couldn't live withoutI don't know where I would be without these.
Easy to "drop-in" and you just throw it away.
You can even heat up the milk/formula just by putting hot water in a bowl and swishing the bottle around for about 30 secondsPurchased these clippers to cut my baby's nails.
These work...but you can get the exact same thing at your pharmacy for much much lessThese are very small in size and "paper-towel-like", kinda feel like napkins that are made with recycled paper.
I'd rather just use paper towel instead if I were to use these.
They are just like the paper they put under your chin at the dentist office - and they work great!!!
We use each one a few times - unless it gets dirty on the first use - then just toss it.
Great to have in the diaper bag as well - don't feel so bad using the changers in the bathroom with theseI love these and will be buying more.
I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic.
I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it doesn't have time to leak anyway.
I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct packLove these.
They are thin, but I like that as they are disposable, and I feel better about less waste.
I use them mostly out of the house, but occasionally use them preemptively for messy diapers at home, too.
They do rip easily, but you'll learn quickly how to handle them to avoid it.
Heats faster than boiling and more efficiently/safely than the microwave.
The only problem I've found is that the heating instructions included with the warmer are overestimated.
If you set it to a lower temperature (between 1 and 2) and let it warm longer, it's easier to prevent overheating.This warmer DOES HAVE an ON/OFF SWITCH, but still no built-in timer (the oven timer works just fine).And as far as the bottle floating around during heating, you can put the bottle in BEFORE you add the water, and fill up the water to the same level as the liquid in the bottle to prevent uneven bobbing.My son is now 1-year-old and no longer uses bottles, but I still use this warmer for his refrigerated baby food and even to warm up a cup of milk for himwell, i purchased this at a local store despite erroneous reviews found here.
its a great device, at first it seemed wasteful since i could just microwave some water (3 minutes), then soak the bottle until it warmed up (3 more minutes) but now i can just pop in a bottle and the whole thing is done in under 3 minutes.
Unlike other reviewers, I have an on/off switch at the back.
Personally, I think it beats the running water method (and is much faster).
That is the biggest drawback, though I am not sure how avent would change that, since if the warmer automatically shut off, the milk might get cold!
!The other issue some people have mentioned is that bottles float!
They only do that if you fill the warmer with too much water.
There is a Max line for the water on the warmer and for smaller bottles you only fill water to slighlty above the level of milk.
I lost the little green insert screen, but this thing works great, even without it.There are also instructions for deliming the warmer if you have hard water, like I do.
It's not too difficult and can be done in 5 minutesThe bottle warmer works as advertised.
I love all the Advent products, but was a little disappointed with this one.
The bottle warmer, is maybe too good of a warmer, as it tends to overheat the milk even before the recommended time limit.
The timings really should be preciseI couldn't breasfeed my daughter so she have been a formula fed since she was born...
The problem with this warmer is that you can't let it finish, because if you do it the formula will be normally TOO HOT!
On the other hand, if the bottle stays in a minute too long, the milk gets so hot that we have to set it in cold water.
There has to be something better out thereFirst, we read the directions and we follwed them.
But this never seemed to work the same way twice.
the formula was too hot and sometimes at 6 min.
it wasn't hot enough.
There was no rhyme or reason to it, we had it set the same way every time.
We used it for a month and then threw in the towelSo we have used this bottle warmer for over 8 months now.
I have to say, with all the sleep deprived parents using this item, often in the middle of the night, you would think that Avent would be wise enough to put an auto-shut-off feature on this little doohickey.
The milk gets boiling hot in that time, and then it's useless and I have to pour it out because it's not supposed to be heated to boiling.
I know people are probably going to read this and wonder how one could forget that they put a bottle in the warmer, but now that our baby is sleeping through the night, it's more for when my husband is giving her a bath, I will get the bottle ready for him as he gives her a bottle after her bath and puts her to bed (his time with her during the week).
The switch is on the back and it's not clearly marked "on/off" either.
I can't imagine how it hasn't caught fire for other people or melted the plastic when the water is all gone.
Thankfully, I have noticed it before the water was completely gone, but it was almost gone.
How unsafe!
I have to set the timer on my microwave now whenever I put a bottle in because half of my brain cells disappeared when my baby was born apparently, and I'm way too distracted to remember it's on.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with Avent.
However, if you don't pay attention, it will overheat the bottle.
It would really be helpful if there was a timer or auto shut-off because the water can become scalding.
We also learned that the prescription only formula he now has to have tastes digusting when not kept very warm.Hence our decision to purchase the Avent bottle warmer.
What we like about it is that it is easy to re-warm our bottles during a feed when the need arises and keeps all the goodness in the formula.
The lack of an on/off switch is a bit annoying but we just turn it off at the plug.
Bottle sometimes comes out still cold or too warmI thought the idea of a bottle warmer was a rediculous waste of money before I had my daughter.
For three weeks I boiled water in a pot and held the bottle with metal tongs...not ideal for someone half asleep.
Once we coughed up the money for this warmer I was a much happier, half-asleep mom.
It only takes about 8 minutes to heat a 5 oz.
Since the heating elements are on the bottom of the product, I would suggest swirling the bottle and testing the temperature before giving it to the baby, better safe than sorry.
Cleaning of the product is ultra-easy as well, vinegar, water and some soak time and it's good as newMy mom got me this for a present because it used to be that you had to heat your bottles for formula.
Now you can feed the infants room temp, warmed, or cold.
I make the bottles as I feed so I feed room temp.
Sometimes I buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so I warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.I think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.
Just my opinionThe EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer is a very obliging unit.
It's small in size, measuring 5" x 5" x 5 " high.
Thus, it occupies very little room on the counter, or bedside table.
A plastic basket fits on the inside of the warmer, and is removable for larger items.
On the front of the unit is a dial control.
For that reason, one must unplug it after each use.
With a rather lengthy cord, 3 feet long, it is very adaptable.
For those concerned about d&eacute;cor, the all white exterior is designed to blend in.
By that, I mean it's lightweight; it weighs 1 pound, and is compact enough to fit in an overnight bag.
Avent Magic cup* Grounded 3-prong conductorCons* Overheats* No ON/OFF switch* An internal thermostat and an external timer would greatly improve this productMy Experience:Right off the bat, I was heating 10 bottles of breastmilk a day, as I was unable to breastfeed.
Thus, I was thrilled to have a bottle warmer.
How difficult is that?
I know ~ "geek alert".
Okay, that's true, but it's also fair to say that I quickly learned to keep a timer when warming.
Consequently, running a timer became apart of the routine.
If Avent were to add an external timer, this would be extremely helpful to users.
I almost never used the coolest setting, only when thawing frozen breastmilk, and I only used the 2nd setting when warming disposable bottles.
Both were rare occasions.
I generally thawed breastmilk in the refrigerator, and I used disposable bottles when I was on the go ~ outside the house.Here's another tip, adding an internal thermostat with an automatic shut off feature would seriously improve this product.
Many have complained about the lack of an ON/OFF switch.
I kept the EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer on the kitchen counter so the lack of an ON/OFF switch was never an issue.
Had I kept it at my bedside this would have been a huge inconvenience; although, a power strip would solve that problem.
Whether one turns off a switch or unplugs the unit either way this final step must be completed.
An hour might go by before I realized my mistake.
I guess that goes to show... input from customers can, and does influence manufactures.
Avent could make a few improvements to this bottle warmer, which would certainly increase the price.
While writing this review, I've debated how to rate this product.
I've opted to give this product an above average mark, because1.)
It did what it was supposed to do.
Warms disposable bottles, and bottle liners, and4.)
It saved me from the stovetop hassles.Happy Feeding,MaryI like this bottle warmer.
I haven't had any problems with uneven heating or anything like that.
I have even taken the warmer with me when we go to friends houses so I can heat up the bottles quickly.
I strongly suggest that you do not put the nipples on the bottles while they are in the warmer.
It causes the formula to overflow from the nipple.
Found that out the hard way.
Other than that, I haven't had any problems or issues with the product.
In the recommended time it was hot enough to leave blisters on my wrist when I tested itI didnt really care for this.
Might be user error but I didnt care for itIt does it's job.
Who needs another thing to clean up when you have a little one around?
If you fill the water to high than it doesn't heat as well.
The water is supposed to be just at the level of milk in order for it to heat correctly.
A bottle of cold breast milk from the fridge is warm in about 4 minutes.
If you're warming room temperature formula it will be even faster, probably about 2 minutes.
The only thing I don't like is that you have to add water almost everytime you use it, and that it doesn't have automatic shut-off.
I have burnt much milk and formula in my life!
And, there have been times, too, that I've forgotten to unplug it for hours at a time... my fault, I know, but another reason auto-shut-off would be greatThis bottle warmer is OK.
I have put Dr. Brown's bottles in there but you have to add more water for it to work.
I like it much betterThis thing is very hard to figure out.
One setting gets the bottle too hot too fast, try another setting for 15 min's and you still have cold milk!
I tried to use it for 3 months... finally gave up.
Save the money.
Warm water in the microwave and stick the bottle in that...
Sometimes we need to listen to our mom's and grandma's - they didnt have these and we turned out fineMy sister-in-law told us not to register for this because she couldn't get it to work.
Well, I wanted it and I registered for it anyway.
Just add a little water, throw in the bottle, and in minutes it was perfect.
My only suggestions would be to add an on/off switch and a timer.
But other than that, it's another great product by AventSave your money.
You can heat a bottle faster under hot running tap water or by heating a bowl of water in the microwave and sitting the bottle in it.
The directions are way too complex for a mum and a crying baby.
I read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say I've had no problems with this.
But, in the middle of the night after weeks of bad sleep, the last thing you want to do is exactly that!!
The only thing that I dont like of this product is that doesnt have an on/off switch.
The biggest plus is it's faster to prepare.
The problem that I had with the bowl of water method is that I would over heat the water then have to do a cool down process.
I thought this product would help with that but it doesn't.
You can get the water to almost boiling.
It was more of a pain for us.I hated that you had to keep on top of it or you would never know how long it was in there.
A timer would have been nice (and cheap enough to add).I hated how I had to unplug it and plug it in every time I wanted to use it.Yes, it may be the best there is out there, but that doesn't mean too much.
There is so much they could have done with this that they didn't.
It heats so quickly though, that you don't have time to get distracted and leave the bottle to get too hot.
Even if it had auto shut-off, a bottle left in hot water will continue to heat and could be too warm to serve to your baby.
It uses a coil to heat and I've heard that these type of heating mechanisms should be unplugged when not in use so that they won't get ruined, but there is an ON/OFF switch on the back of the warmer if you'd rather just use that.
(i.e no exersaucer to babysit, not bouncers, no ridiculous toys, no uneeded baby products, and yeah, no sterelizer).
But he let me be stuborn and didnt purchase the sterelizer.
Well after 2 1/2 years of boiling bottles, pacifiers, teethers and all that other stuff, I was going crazy.
I was going to buy baby wipes warmers, exersaucers, bouncers, swings, the aquarium crib soother and this sterelizer.
It cleans about 6 bottles and all of the things that come with them.
(actually it cleans 5 of the playtex airvent ones, but I use avent too).
I did breast feed so it also cleans avent pumps (and my friend managed to get another kind in one!).
This just makes sure its really clean, (my kids have maybe been sick 5-6 times, all four of them put together!)
like another reviewer I HIGHLY RECOMEND TO UNPLUG IT WHEN NOT IN USE!
I will say it again, after boiling bottles and sippy cups and pacifires and teethers all night, REGISTER FOR THIS!
IT MAKES A GREAT DRYING RACK TOOThis is a really great product... With just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...And it's big enought to put almost everything you want to...
And not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... That has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's houseWe started off sterilizing using the old-fashioned, boiling water in a pot...what a mess and waste of time!
Standing over the boiling pot and risking steam burns ran out of fun very quickly.
After I got over the sticker shock for the sterilizer and got it home, I couldn't see how we survived before!
New moms have enough to mess with, don't spend you few, precious moments each day waiting for a pot of water to boil, splurge on this item and you won't regret itI have to say, I love this.
Put your stuff in, add a little water then push a button.
The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that you do have to drain it after each use.
I was planning on breastfeeding but when that didn't work out, I found myself making formula everyday, sometimes twice a day.
It has never leaked!
It makes life much easier and gives you more time to spend with your babySince we had twins we were going Through A LOT of dirty bottles.
We have all avent bottles so i dont have a problem with bottles not fitting.
Other reviews said the bottles were very wet when they came out...but if you think about it..they would be after all the sterilizing.
After mine are done i just put them on the bottle dry rack and let them dry.
Its just like when you wash them in the sink but this way you know they are getting clean ALL OVER.
I think also that the dishwashers water gets hotter than this and does something to the nipples to the bottles.
Ive had some friends who ran into shrinking nipples after putting them in the diswasher.
I would rather be spending time with my children than standing over the stove boiling my bottles and part.
I discovered Medela Microwave Steam Cleaning Bags instead, and this thing went in the closet.
I feel badly for the waste of money...but the bags are SO much easier!!!
If you mess up you have to start all the way over again.
Overall it's an ok product.
We keep a dish of soapy water in the sink and dump all bottles and binkys in there, rinse them off and load them into the sterilizer.
Within minutes they are done and if you don't open them for a few hours they can stay in the unit until you're ready for them.
I would advise anyone thinking on this purchase to GO FOR IT.
I can fit my entire breastpump and up to 5 bottles in as well as pacifiers in one go.
It also has a warranty just by the way, so those who have complained it packed up within a year, you could have had it replaced free of chargeI hated how the bottles were drenched after the cycle was complete.
I had to dry them on my other rack.
Being they were wet when they were drying, seems like the sterilization got thrown out the window.
I used this for a while then I resorted to manually washing with antibacterial soap and REAL hot water.
Has worked fine so far.
It's not a bad product per say, it just should really dry the items much better than it doesThis sterilizer is GREAT!
My girlfriend boiled her bottles and I can't believe how much easier (and safer) this is!
This only takes minutes and no risk of steam burns!I also sterilized the Avent breast pump and all of its parts in this sterilizer.
I've never done that...I'd rather sterilize the bottles and nipples and stuff using the steam from the water and not use detergents from a dishwasher...my baby's not even a month old yet...maybe after he's older, I'll use that feature as well.
It has three adjustable racks for bottles, nipples or other items.
It is done sterilizing within ten minutes.
You have to clean it every so often by running it with citric acid (or vinegar) in there and since it has a coil heater, it should be unplugged when not it use.
Basically, it requires very little maintenance when the alternative is boiling bottles on the stove which takes longer and your bottles may easily be ruined.
The sterilizer also comes with little plastic tongs to grab things and keep them sterile, but I just use my clean hands and my baby has not had a problem.
IF YOU ARE BREAST FEEDING AND/OR PUMPING, YOU NEED SOMETHING LIKE THIS to clean all those pesky little teeny/awkward accessories.
But beyond that (as far as baby's bottles and bottle accessories/pieces, pacifiers, small plastic toys, etc.)
if you have a dishwasher it probably has an optional steam-dry cycle that works just the same as this microwave steam sterilizerWe have a dishwasher and had a full term very healthy child, and still used this product.
You can put breast pump parts in it, and anything else that you need to sterilize.
I washed everything, filled this with the items and water, and popped it in at 6 minutes in our microwave to have perfectly clean and sterilized bottles, pacifiers, or breast pump parts.
I like the one by Munchkin.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;BUT if you still decide to get this, check it in the store first, because when I got mine home it was USED- it had obvisiously been returned (someone else thought it was useless too I guess) with milk residue on the bottles- yuckDespite the concerns about BPA we are using these bottles for our daughter, and using canned formula to supplement breastfeeding.
The concern with BPA seems to be heightened when the bottles are washed with hot water, or sterilized at hot temperatures.
We bought this sterilizer, but have stopped using it.
The nipples are designed so that you can graduate her to faster flow nipples as she gets bigger.
We are hoping that the BPA concerns will turn out to be unwarrantedI bought this a few months ago and after reading a little about it, I thought that I wouldn't use it.
Boy, was I wrong.
I don't think it's ever been taken apart and washed.
After a second washing, I put all of the parts in this and let the microwave work it's magic.I love the lift out tray because whatever's in there that I'm sterilizing isn't sitting in the water.
It can also hold the Avent Isis breast pump.
The sterilizer is actually a great place to store your pump when it's just been cleaned and not in useThis is a great product.
I leave it on the counter and throw in pacifiers, WASHED bottles, etc all day then throw in the microwave when full.
Uses much less water and energy than running the dishwasherThis product is a true time, not to mention life saver!
It completely cuts the time in half of boiling water.
Just check with your Dr., because some cities (like NYC) have water that is already sterile.
It fits any type of bottle.
It takes only 4 mins to sterlize your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, etcI ama clean freak and ws parnoid from day one about germs and my first child.
I live in an area with hard water and boiling things was not reassuring because the water left deposits on our nonstick cookware.
I would wash her bottles and things , pop them in here and in the time it took me to finish cleaning the kitchen or toss some clothes in the dryer this would be done.
I could leave the bottles in there or take them out and prepare for use while sterilizing pacifiers and other items.
Being a nurse I worried about my daughter catching something....this was just reassuring.Great as a giftI am one of those without a dishwasher, unfortunately.
I always use an oven mitt to take it out and when opening the lid to avoid steam burnsIt doesn't get any easier than this product.
I have never used anything more in my entire life than I have this guy.
It sterilizes my Avent breast pump as well.
As an aside, don't just rely on your dishwasher to sterilize your bottles and your breast pump.
Well, I found out later that it was a great thing I was doing that because our dishwasher was not heating the water the way it was supposed to and nothing had been sterilized!
It can also double as a place to store your bottles.
Put 7 oz of water and pop it in the microwave for 4 minutes and your done!
If you follow the instruction you can only fit 4 bottles, but I have been able to fit 5.Not all babies need their bottles sterilize but if you want to be safe than sorry this is an awesome productI had an electric steraliser (which died) before buying this one.
It's so easy to load up, everything fits snuggly and has it's place (I had trouble with bottles falling over in my electric steraliser), and extremely easy to wash and keep clean (the electric steraliser was a pain to clean - especially the element).As we use Avent bottles - 4 fit perfectly and are steralised in 8 minutes (our microwave isn't very powerful).
Four minutes in the microwave.
Fits four bottles in the center and nipples, etc.
Ours gets lots of use every day and yet looks like it just came out of the box brand new.
Best of all, the bottles are clean and sterilized in four minutes, without boiling water or running a half-full dishwasher.I know, the price seems high, but this is one luxury that is truly a necessityThis is such a great item and I can't say enough good things about it!
It couldn't be easier than popping things in the microwave for 5 minutes and knowing that your baby is getting sterilized items.A word of advice- be careful about removing it from the microwave.
The water inside and the steam can scald if you are not cautious.
Let it sit for a few minutes before opening, because the water can splash when opening the lidThis is great for anyone with the Avent bottles.
Takes much less time than the alternativeI really like using this product.
It makes sterilizing your baby products so much easier.
Only need Water and the microwave to kill the germs.
Do yourself and your child a favor and purchase a sterilizerI am NOT a clean freak who sterilizes everything my son touches.
I bought the EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer to save time, and money.
After a brief, and horrible stint with stovetop sterilizing, I began to use the dishwasher to clean my son&#65533;s bottles.
Sometimes I ran the dishwasher 3-times a day JUST to clean bottles.
We pay handsomely for every drop that passes through our pipes.
When I saw this sterilizer sitting on the shelf at Target, I snagged it.1.)
It requires a small amount of water, and2.)
It sanitizes in less than 10-minutes.I thought to myself, &#65533;How can I go wrong?&#65533;This appliance is user friendly, so to speak.1.)
There is NO way to confuse the stacking order: the base, the bottle rack, and the lid.
There is no other way to put the thing together.2.)
Loading can be confusing if the instructions are not followed.
Keep the manual handy, as the loading order for large bottles, differs from the 4-ounce size.3.)
Do not skimp on the water, as it could cause the unit to burn.
Do not over-fill it either, as the unit may not produce enough steam to work.That said ~ it&#65533;s really quite simple to use.
Pour 7-ounces of water in the base, load the rack, and pop it in the microwave.
Of course, it depends on the wattage of your microwave.
I learned the hard way to wait before taking the sterilizer out of the microwave.
VERY hot!
Plus, any steam that&#65533;s emitted can burn.
The contents inside the unit will remain sterile for up to 3-hours given that the lid remains closed.
There will be lots of condensation on the bottles, similar to the dishwasher before the drying cycle begins.
I cleaned bottles, nipples, breast pump parts, and pacifiers.
We took many trips when William was an infant, and this unit made traveling easy.
It provided a safe place to store the breast pump, and it worked in every hotel microwave we encountered.
I don&#65533;t recall exactly when I stopped using the sterilizer.
At any rate, this sterilizer was seriously tested in our home.
Bad mommy, bad!I can safely say the EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer was worth its weight in gold.
It also sterilizes other pieces like breast pumps, etcI got this sterilizer after the birth of my daughter and trying to wash all my avent bottles and nipples.
I don't know about everyone else, but I only run my dishwasher at most every other day, and I didn't have enough bottles to last that long when she was eating every couple of hours.
Plus, I find that in the dishwasher little bits of food and guck get stuck in them, especially the nipples.
You, obviously need to at least rinse the bottles and nipples before putting them in.
I washed all my bottles with soap before putting them in the sterilizer just in case.Also, now that my daughter has moved on to sippy cups, I use the sterilizer to clean those annoying spill proof valves that are impossible to get clean and aren't supposed to go in the dishwasher.I did use it occaisionally for my breast pump parts as well and it worked great for them, I just didn't get to breast feed for very long :(It saves time, energy and water!
I have taken several extended trips with the baby, and it is so easy to travel with and store her clean bottles in.
It is very quick and completely uncomplicated.
In 5 minutes I can sterilize bottles.
Obviously the sterilizer is using steam and is incredible hot when it first comes out of the microwave.
I ususally let it sit for about 3 minutes or so before removing the bottlesI sterilized bottles and breast pumps the old fashioned way with my first child and in the begining w/ my 2nd child.
I saw other mom's deal with the sterilization issue by boiling everything, what a time consuming process.
This way it's all done in less than ten minutes and you can be doing other things during the process.
The only suggestion I would make is to increse the number of bottles you could sterilize at one time.
I clean the bottles and then load them into this.
Since I express milk and freeze it, it is reassuring knowing that the storage containers are sterile.
It can sterilize 5 small bottles & nipples 5 minutes at a time!!!
Just add the correct amount of water, pop it in the microwave, and go!!!
It's saved me so much time and hassle... At first, I didn't think that I wanted to spend the money on a sterilizer when I thought I could boil them myself for free, but this has more than paid for itself in it's first 3 weeks of use... A definate must have for new momsEvery new mom should have this sterilier.
This a must have for all new momsThis is one product that delivers exactly what it promises.
It works quickly and well.I have used it daily to sterilize not only my isis breast pump... but also a hospital grade rented pump, too.
It will fit anything that needs to be sterilized, including breast pump accessories.
Before, putting on and removing the lid used to be a bit awkward.
Now, easy-to-use latches have made doing both completely hassle-free.
The inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier.
The older version was very similar but did not have specialized "compartments" to such an extent.
All in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if I had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done.
Our microwave is 1200 watts, so using this sterilizer saved me a ton of time...bottles were done in 3 minutes!
However, when I had to switch to Dr. Brown's bottles, I was in for a shock.
Its a shame because this is a great product, but I can't recommend it to people unless they know for sure they can use Avent bottles onlyThis product gets the job done.
All you have to do is add water and pop it in the microwave for 2 mins.
I wish it were a bit smaller, but I suppose its size accommodates large bottles.
I put bottles, pacifiers, breast pump parts in it without a problemThis is a great product and I highly recommend it.
The best sterilizing option since I don't have enough dishes to bother using the dishwasher more than once every two days.
Even if you just want to clean one pacifier, it uses less water and energy than boiling on the stove and it's quicker too.
Get a drying rack though, because the items will need to dry if you're not using them immediately.
Just pop it in the microwave and sterilize.
Good itemWash 4 bottles, place them in the provided tub and 4 minutes later you have sterile bottles you can use( and store ) for the next 4 feedings.
Very convenientWhat more can you ask for?
I was sick of boiling water or waiting for a full load to run the dishwasher.
It is so convenient especially when you dont run the dishwasher every day!
The price is a little high, which is why i bought a used on on ebay.
However, when i bought it, it did not include instructions, i later got them off of avent.com when i got a horrible steam burn from the product.
That was probably just a dumb blonde moment on my part though!
I was in a hurry and not paying attention and the steam hit my hand.
i would reccomend it to everyone!
So far i have been able to fit everything from avent bottles to large 9 oz bottles in it, and even the parts to my gerber breast pump.
I used to boil water to have my first child's bottles sterilized.
I read the other reviews that it's much easier to just pop it in the dishwasher.
of water and it takes 4 minutes in the microwave and your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, breast pump, etc.
You can't beat 7 ounces of water and 4 minutes of time.
It's quick & easyWe wanted the microwave as opposed to the electric sterilizer because it was cheaper and more portable.
It worked fast and greatI highly recommend this product whether you are breast or bottle feeding (or sippie cup for that matter).
I mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers.
4 minutes in the microwave and its done.
Its not necessary to sterilize all baby products but when something really needs to be, it sure beats having to run the dishwasher.
There are just the 3 of us so we only need to run the dishwasher about twice a week.
I find that I sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this productYet another great product from Avent!
This is so very easy to use and in minutes you have sterilized bottles, pacifiers, toys, pretty much anything that you can fit into the the thing.
This one is easier to store and use and is fasterThis is THE best way to sterilize bottles, bottle pieces, pacifiers, and breastpump parts.
Forget boiling water or whatever else, get the microwave sterilizerThis is a great product.
It's so much easier than boiling.
You just pop it in the microwave for 5 minutes and everything is sterilized.
so the doctor recomended me buying a sterelizer, in other cases careful scrubing and just putting the bottles in the dishwasher would do, and it can save you some trouble.
Its much less expensive than the other sterelizers that take over all your counter space!
It can also sterelize my 2 1/2 year olds "magic cups" after he gets over a virus or if he had milk (another product by avent).
It is fairly simple to use and much less stressful than boiling water, in my opinion.
They only need to be washed in very hot soapy water.
Originally, I thought I would sterilize my bottles in the dishwasher but someone pointed out to me that that would require running the dishwasher every day.
Instead, you can throw your bottles, nipples and pacifiers in here as needed, and have them sterilized in 7 minutes.
This one was really helpful with pacifiers and nipples.
I had a harder time with bottles just cause not many fit in it.
But I found that bottles in the dishwasher and nipples and pacis in the microwave steamer were much better.
film on it, of course in the sterilizer..not..BUT please don't worry about being burned.
Overall better for the money then the bigger one from AventI have to pump milk for my daughter at my office, and getting my pump parts clean was challenging.
Our sink doesn't put out enough got water for me to feel that my parts were really clean and safe.
It also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where I know they will remain clean and untouchedThis product is easy to use, works well and is FAST .
I don't use the sterilizer every time anymore since my daughter is a little older now.
It's up to you & your doctor whether you need a sterilizer, but if you do decide to get one, definitely get this oneWhen we bought this, I thought of it as a luxury item, because you don't really need to sterilize that much, but we never use the dishwasher and I thought it would be easier and safer than boiling water.
Some have complained about the "condensation" but this is really just the very fine mist of the boiled water on the items.
Shows it's working.. just rinse it off with water and put the items in the drying rackThis sterilizer did the trick.
You can get a set of 4 bottles in this thing and it only takes 4 minutes to steam (based on voltage of microwave of course.)
I am a breastfeeding mother and use the Avent Isis to pump milk from time to time.
When I'm done, I wash my pump and store it back in here to dry.
BUT we live in post housing on an Army base and our dishwasher is awful and hardly gets anything clean.
So I handwash all my bottles and bought this as an extra step to help me get them clean enough for my child.I really like this product a lot.
I can even pop pacifiers in there when they fall on the floor.
It's much easier to keep my daughter distracted four the 4 or 5 minutes I need to wash and sterelize in this product than to wait for a load of dishes to run!
buy this product!
(Or put it on your registryI love this sterilizer and AVENT products in a whole!
Well I must say that I'm very happy that I got this product.
I use it to sterilize my bottles, nipples, caps, pacifiers, teethers and breast pump parts.
I generally sterilize the bottles once a week, but if needed, I can take it out and sterilize her teethers, etc anytimeI own Avent Natural bottles and this sterilizer was meant for the Classic line.
All the holes and positions were specifically made for Classic bottles sizes.Of course it is still usable, though it will hold only 4 Natural bottles (or 6 Classic ones).
BOTH actually contain the basic Express II Microwave Steam Sterilizer which holds up to six (6) bottles or a combination of other items including microwaveable breast pumps, cups, etc.The only difference is that the SCF271/02 contains an ADDITIONAL two (2) of the 9oz/260ml Airflex Natural Feeding Bottle and Nippple.Strangely enough as of this writing, Amazon is selling the SCF271/02 (the one that contains two extra feeding bottles) for a much lower price than the SCF271/07.
So until prices remain like this, know what you are buying and consider it a bonus to have the two extra bottles.TO STERILIZE OR NOT TO STERILIZE...WITH THIS MICROWAVE STERILIZER:The argument is not whether you should sterilize your baby products (or expose the baby to germs as argument in strengthening the immune system) because if you're searching for a sterilizer and reached this page, then I'm going to assume you agree with the sterilization process.The other argument in question is whether you are content with using hot running water and anti-bacterial soap or running a dishwasher and if these steps alone are enough to sterilize.
Too little water and you can end up damaging the sterilizer.
Too much water and you fail to properly sterilize.Check to see the wattage of your microwave.
Your baby bottle should give you that info.Also remember to allow 2 minutes cooling time prior to unlocking the lid unless you want to be greeted with hot steam on your face and second degree burn or worse.HOW LONG WILL IT REMAIN STERILE?The manual further states that the items will remain sterile for 24 hours PROVIDED THE LID IS NOT REMOVED.
So yes you can sterilize in advance and leave it inside until you need it for the day.COMMENTS:Avent and Philips have consistently provided quality plastic products.
The point of the sterilizer is to allow hot steam to circulate around.
Follow the included instructions and enjoyWe don't have a dishwasher so I throw everything in the sterilizer (bottles, breastpump parts, binkies, etc.
)after washing with soap and water.
It is easy to use, just throw items in, 7 ounces of water and microwave for 7 minutes.
I use this sterilizer daily.I only gave it four stars because I put in the breast shield from my First Years breast pump and it melted a bit where the shield sat in the appropriate slot.
This fits all of my pump parts and 2-3 bottles and nipples.
It's ready in 4 minutes, which is way faster than dealing with the dishwasher.
You do need to prewash in soapy water, but I don't worry about scrubbing.
Overall, it does the job in a very short amount of timeMust have for sterilizing.
So easy, just 10 minutes or less of your time and your sterilizing is complete!
)- Its great for travel,not too big, not too small.- Very very very easy to clean- It does the job in 4 minutes!you can keep it anywhere because of its convinient size ( and its made of plastic!
)* I used to have an electric sterilizer and as soon as I heard about this one, I got it and life with a baby it just became simpler than everI saw this and just had to get it.
I like to sterilize my pump once or twice a week, and once a week I sterilize the bottles and nipples.I can't ever wait for the washer to run, so instead of waiting, I just throw everything I want sterilized into the microwave for 4 minutes and it's done.
I do still use in on occasion if I don't have a full dishwasher load to run.
This is certainly not a must if you have a dishwasher.
Everything (pump parts, nipples, dome caps, bottles etc) has slot of its own on the rack so they won't shift around.
And if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!Be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones.
Even though I have a 1350watts one, I do it for 4 minutes just to be sure!
I tried boiling huge pots to sterilize all the bottles, pacifiers and breast pump accessories, and it took forever to boil and turned out to be too costly.
All it needs is 200 ml/7 oz of water and a microwave, and in 4-6 minutes you get it done!
It doesn't take up much space on the kitchen counter (in fact I store mine on top of the microwave since I'm using it several times a day).
In four minutes, you have sterilized bottles and parts, 4 at a timeI use this at least twice a day to sterilize my avent pump and storage bottles.
It is fast and easy and I can't imagine going back to boiling bottles again.
It has really been helpful cleaning non-Avent items (breast pump items, baby bottles, pacifiers, etc.)
I'm not reviewing the bottles themselves - that's another topic.
I really like this product; according to the sterilizer's instructions regarding my microwave wattage, it only takes 2 minutes to sterilize and 2 minutes to cool down.
She seems to be growing out of the stage of being fussy all night long due to gas so I guess I'll stick with the Avent brand bottles instead of buying a new sterilizer to accommodate using a different brand of bottlesI purchased this along with my Avent bottles before I had my daughter.
It does get very hot.
Of course that is the point - no heat no bugs killed!!
Sometimes the side containers pop offThe description states that this is compatible with all the Prince Lionheart Wipe warmers, but if you notice the pictures they have posted only show it with a generic wipes box or just holding the diapers.
There are two small groves in the Prince Lionheart Wipe warmer that allows it to be forced onto it, but the wipe warmer hangs over the edge.The main reason I purchased this diaper depot to hang on the side was to hold the wipe warmer and diapers and save space on the changing table, but I don't think this one is going work.
If you are just using plain wipes without the warmer, it would probably be alright.
It does fit on the side of the dresser we converted to a changing table though.
It was the best thing we could find to serve the purposeI was using a basket to hold wipes, lotions, etc and keeping on the changing table.
I looked everywhere for a hanging basket but couldn't find one I liked for a decent price.
Accessing newborn diapers is a bit difficult since the diapers are much smaller than those used for older babies but that's fine since we won't be using newborn diapers for long.
I'll post an update when I get them.I do wish it had a little larger storage for diapering supplies.
With the wipers warmer in the caddy, it's difficult to see the supplies on the back side and I can only hold a pump bottle of hand sanitizer or a couple of tubes of diaper cream.
Other than that, it's a handy productI have recently started having a problem with my 12 month old kicking everything off of the end of his changing table while I am changing his diaper.
His changing table is a dresser than came with a wooden surround that is removable once you are out of the diaper changing stage.
This easily slid onto the rail and remedied the problem we had with him kicking the diaper changing supplies to the floor.I like that the little side compartments are removable.
DIsposable diapers are so thin now that the slot you pull the diapers out through could be a bit thinner.
I do often have two diapers come out instead of one.
Even with that issue, this product is well worth the eleven bucks I paid for itThis holds all you need and more.
Which doesn't really make it much more convenientOverall, we've been very pleased with the quality of this product.
diaper rash cream, tube of aquaphor, etc).
bottles of baby lotion that are bigger than a tube).
This isn't a dealbreaker for me, as it's just as easy to store those items in a bin on my changing table.
Overall, we've been very please with this and plan to order another to use on our secondary changing area on the pack and play in our family roomFor us, storage space is an issue.
It actually worked out better this way!
Good quality product!
Just make sure your changing table has a rail for it to hang on (see the picI got this for my changing table and it looks great.
Initially the diapers seemed a little small in the large container but I soon discovered that newborn diapers could be stacked in two stacks which means the container holds twice as many!
It is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem.
Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in thereI like have this organizer, but on our changer (attached to the crib style) it sits just a little looseI am giving this five stars although it broke because my fianc&eacute; put a lot of pressure on it for it to break.
Before it broke, I loved it.
It held enough diapers for a two-three days and the side pockets held everything else that I needed for changing him.
It WAS perfect, I am tempted to buy another one, that's how much I liked itAlthough I gave the diaper depot a low rating I do have to say I like that it hooks on the side of my changing table.
But the reason I gave it a low rating is for two reasons:1.
We hang it off the side of the changing table and it keeps everything handy.
The plastic is thick and it is very well constructed.
I have the Graco basic pack n play and it does not have an attachment for diapers and supplies.
There's plenty of space for diapers, my wipes warmer fits on top, and I have odds and ends on the (removable) side compartmentsi do like this product but i dont think it was worth 15 dollars.
if it was under 10 bucks i may have given it 5 stars.
it seems a bit cheaply made.
It allows me to have a complete changing station without having to go upstairs to the nursery...very useful since I had a c-section and going up and down the stairs is not the most fun thing to doI bought this product to use on my Pack 'N Play.
I wish the tub for the wipes box on top was deeper though.
At 8 months he was way too long for the changing pad and his feet were kicking off the products and wipes at his feet.I ordered this product and it got everything off the changing table so he fits now with leg room to kick away without hitting anything.
We put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.A MUST HAVE!!
It stores a stack of diapers, a case of wipes, diaper cream, lotion, etc.- all within reach.
I am extremely pleased with this product and will buy again from this seller due to the quality of the productThis does what I ordered it for.
Unfortunately I had to order a replacement because it broke in shipping.
However, I was very disappointed in the quality.
The plastic it was constructed of was thinner than I hoped and that made the unit somewhat flimsy in my opinion and certainly not as sturdy as I had hoped.
When I filled it with supplies, it looked as if it might break.
My son is still in size 1 diapers so I do find that when I pull a diaper out another one might fall out.
A bit bulky but really usefulAll my daughter's furniture is a variety of Delta Children's products and we own theDelta Eclipse Changing Table, White.
We already stocked the diapers, wipes, warmer, etc on the changing table and thought we were ready to go until our instructor at a baby class at the hospital gave us advice on changing our baby.
The instructor said it's a good idea to have everything out and ready when you change your baby, as sometimes they can be hyper or throw a fit.
If you're not ready to change them, the results could be disastrous.
Another tip was to "have everything should be within arm's reach", as you will want to place one hand on the baby at all times.Upon learning this, I asked my wife "isn't there some kind of "side cart" for the changing table where you can have the diapers, powder, wipes, lotions, rash paste, etc right there?"
She said there was, so I looked to Amazon to find it.
On a side note, despite registering for the Prince Lionheart wipe warmer, I've learned that you never get exactly what you register for - especially on your baby registry.
That warmer itself isn't bad, but the compatible stand (Munchkin Diaper Duty Organizer) isn't what we wanted because it has to sit on a flat surface (like a dresser or table).
Remember I wanted one that hooks on the side of your changing table "within an arm's reach"There are other products that hook onto the side of your changing table, such asMunchkin Diaper Change OrganizerandDexbaby Nursery Organizer, Whitekind of fit what i'm looking for, but the "shell" is made of cloth.
Cloth makes things flimsy.
I wanted something more rigid and heavy duty.That's when I found the Prince Lionheart Diaper Depot.
Per the picture, it's got 2 removeable side compartments to store stuff like bottles, cotton balls, rash cream, etc.
The middle compartment is for diapers that you pull out from a slat at the bottom.
No more bending in a hustleI like this product.
It's easy to fill and the side compartments are very handy.
It's a little weird with newborn diapers as they can fall out of the bottom (the product is not exactly as pictured, the bottom is actually open on two sides, which is odd) but it really works wellI am a minimalist and do not like all the organizers that are insanely large.
Keeping everything in one spot is a must.
We have one upstairs near the changing table and another downstairs near the pack and play.
Wonderful ideaWe were originally keeping the diapers and wipes on the shelf of the changing table, probably because we didn't think there was a better option.
The diaper stacker is great for a decorative accent and storage of tons of diapers.
This is really a handy little organizational item.
One upstair in the nursery and one downstairs in the play room.
The diapers come out 3 at a time, the shelf for the wipes container will buckle if you have a full container, and the plastic is very flimsy.
I brought this because of the great reviews this product got.
I don't believe this product is ment to withstand the test of timeThis product can be very convenient for *some* applications.
Otherwise, a handy productI have this on the side of our Jenny Lind dressing table.
I fit two rows of stacked newborn pampers swaddlers diapers in it (with the fold facing out), and they dispense just fine.
It is a little bigger than the space alloted, but I find that the rubber non-skid bumps on the bottom of the warmer hold it within the wipes space... and since it is raised above the depot's wipes space it leaves room for any extra wipes that didn't fit inside the warmer.
I moved it to my changing table after discovering I could order one of those Pack N Play Parent Organizers as a replacement part (even from another company's product!)
which worked much nicer with my play yard.
We hated the thought of having diapers and supplies just laying around downstairs, but were not about to run upstairs to the nursery every time we needed to change the baby.
This solved the problem...everything is right at our fingertips for diaper changes.
Everything I need for changes in one convenient placeI didn't car for this organizer.
It looks cheap and also like it might crack easily.
However while it is ok for storing and organizing diapers, the fact that it only holds enough for 2-3 days is a bit of a problem.
Finally the side pockets are too small to hold anything useful.
If you plan to use it to hold normal plastic container of wipes, then you're fineI bought this item to hang onto the side of our pack n play.
If your looking for something like this for your pack n play, I'd recommend something else.
This doesn't fit over the edge of the pack n playPerfect for organizing what you need on your changing table.
It held our wipe warmer (which was a little big on top but it staid in place), diapers, and the two side containers held creams, nail clippers, etc.
In the middle of the night, the last thing you want to do is locate diaper, diaper cream, wipes, mylecon, tylenol, breast pads, etc.
Smaller diapers may slip though too easy, but bigger ones like size 1 and 2 are fineI was so excited to get this because of the great reviews.
After trying it out and on the changing table, I quickly realized that there was no way I was going to keep it.
The first thing I noticed was that newborn diapers do not fit in the holder.
It is made to hold full size bigger diapers.
Then I realized that since I am left-handed, I wanted this to be on the left side of the changing table.
Well that doesn't work, because the dispenser opening to get the diapers would then be in the back!
In doing so, I realized that the plastic had left 2 scratch marks on the pretty cherry wood of my changing table!!
I considered using a cloth or something soft to protect the wood from the plastic, but quickly decided it's not worth it -- not only will it not work with newborn diapers, but it is also not left-handed friendly, and really does not give much storage space.
I would have given it 1 star but &#34;hate&#34; is too strong of a word.
I simply do not like itThis was a total piece of garbage.
Several things are wrong.1.
It doesnt fit every changing table.
The biggest complaint is that the wipe tray does not fit every wipe box or wipe warmer and we have the same brand name wipe warmer that made this product.4.
Consider that you will be taking away 5 inches of walk space around your changing table after you put this hunk of plastic onto it.If you have your changing table in a small area or corner of a room, this makes a difference.What a cheaply made piece of plastic.Pass this up and buy a wall shelf to go over the changing table insteadWe needed something to put on the side of our changing table for our wipe warmer and this really was our answer.
However, the side containers really don't hold much.
It also works well to prevent damage to your changing table due to the warmer getting hot (which does happen).
As for the complaints about too little storage...we have a full sized powder, ointment, alcohol pads, a brush, clippers, and nail files in the side bins...which is more than enough stuff.The only complaint that we have is the diaper storage.
It is a weird size!
If it was just a little wider you could double stack little diapers.
We ended up putting it on a drawer instead and it wroks just fine.
I was really looking for something small to keep wipes and ointments handy in.
I like that I can also for my small prefolds (for cloth diapering) in where the diapers go.
I paid less than $9 for this item so I really have no complaints.
It serves its purposeI have no complaints about this.
Her size 3 Huggies diapers fit fine and of course you get a lot more newborn diapers in there.
All her creams, lotions and accessories fit in the side compartments.
Very pleasedVery handy to have attached to the pack n play downstairs as our other diapering station.
It even fits over the plastic attachment for the bassinet heightIts great, it fits so many items, i fit like 15-18 size 1 diapers, wipes, bottle of cream, tube of diaper cream, lots of small staff (hair brush, cotton swabs, nail clippers, alcohol pads, etc.)
Well this huge plastic thing doesnt look very attractive, but it super useful and clear, so u dont see it right away in the roomI was looking for a diaper organizer/caddy for my changing station.
Do pay attention to how wide your changing station's side is, it needs to be equal to or less than ~1.25 inches; otherwise, this diaper depot won't fit.I am able to fit some diapers in the middle compartment, place my wipes on top, and keep a few handy things in the side compartments.
It fits our munchkin diaper warmer but just barely and holds about 20 diapers in the storage below.
When you do pull diapers out sometimes 2 or more come out.
Mine came cracked, and I didn't have the patience to send it back and get another one, as my baby was due soon and I wanted one less thing to worry about.
The only thing I worry about is putting a full box of wipes in it, as I'm afraid it will completely break since it's already cracked.
I don't know how it got cracked as the box it came in was in fine condition.
Room for diapers, wipes, diaper cream, lotion & more.
My only whish is that the hinges on the lid, of the diper dispenser, could be made a little sturdierCheap material, I returned it.It is not sturdyenough to use ever day.I was even afraid tobrake before returning the stuffI love this diaper depot.
Prior to purchase, I thought it might be a little cheap, but it's the exact opposite.
It is well made with hard thick plastic.
It stores the diapers in the middle and has slots at the bottom where you can pull the diaper out from the left side or the middle of the depot.
There was no place to put her diapers, wipes, creams, etc.
It does fit onto the end but sits at angle due to the curveWe use the diaper depot for our Pack and Play playard.
It's not a perfect fit, but it works, and it sure beats running around to get diapers, wipes, etc.
I gave the diaper depot 5 stars despite two things:1) The opening for the diaper stacker is a little big, so sometimes an extra diaper slides out.
It holds quite a bit of diapers for size 1 and I'm sure as they get bigger it won't hold as many.
I wish it could hold more stuff as some of the bottles of baby junk I got are a bit big.
Other than that I love this product and wouldn't do without it.
We've had no trouble with diapers falling out as some have reported.
Yes, the side compartments are on the small side, but they manage to hold a tub of vaseline, a container of Purell, a tube of baby lotion and a brushWe had a pack n play w/bassinet and changing accessory set up in our lower living room instead of always having to go all the way upstairs to the baby's room.
I love how this diaper caddy connected onto the side of the pack n play and we could have everything handyIt's useless.
Thanks to Amazon.This so inferior and cannot hold much.
This cannot hold any of thoseThis was cracked in the back when we got it so we sent it back and got our money backThere is one by this same company made specifically for dresser type changing tables.
It is almost a necessity.
Holds wipe warmer, diapers, diaper creme, hair brush/comb, some q-tips, powder, small bottle of lotion...you get it.
).It is a very solid plastic - it is not flimsy at all.
I was worried about limited space on my changing table, but this has fixed the problem.
My changing table and crib have sleigh ends and unfortunately this makes the end piece too thick to fit into the hook.
I didn't think about this fact before ordering.
Hopefully this review will save someone else some time/money.
Also the edge of the changer table needs to be less than an inch for it to fit properlywe bought a second hand pack and play and there was no diaper caddy attached as some pack n plays offer.
I ordered this, fast 2 day prime shipping, and upon receiving it, immediately tried it (empty) on the side of the pack n play.
The little baskets on the side slide on and off, so you can choose whether or not to use them.
It's made from a nice strong plastic, though it would break if dropped like most clear hard plastics, do.
More bad news...
It is obviously not he prettiest thing over a nice railing, but it keeps our little one safe and does not obstruct the view muchThey give you a TON of ties.
the reinforced fabric trim that you're supposed to attach the netting to the rail with is not that strong.
It was also a little wonky to size down the length.
I wouldn't say it's too stylish either, but a person would be hard-pressed to find a stylish railing guard.
Nothing more to add here as it's a netWe bought a house that for all the other dumb stuff the sellers were asked to do after our inspection both personal and VA, they didn't have issue with the openings between the rails on the stairway.
My older daughter could not just fit her head through but her whole body with no effort!
They are the typical late sixties rails and are metal.
Before you scoff and say how you would just replace them with code wooden ones I implore you to look up the cost of a single family home in the DC Metro area of Potomac and you will likely gulp as you swallow your words!
Until then this item is a great purchase to keep children safeI hate to be vain but this looks awful.
not the best looking product but there is nothing else available in the marketThese are safe no doubt.Easy to installShort...So I need two to cover my relatively small balcony.No more toys and even dishes landing on innocent pedestrianswe are in a rental home so needed to set something up that would not leave any marks or damage.
Took me awhile to thread and tie everything, but was certainly worth it.
Not the prettiest net, but it works and it isn't permanentOnce you install this piece of netting, it really is a nice product.
The ties they include are nylon rope, cut into 7 inch or so strips.
Pretty much worthless.
It would be helpful if they had more holes along the top pre-drilled so where your railings don't perfectly match up you can switch holes one or two inches over.
Same thing for the corner, we found there was a pretty significant gap of where the horizontal and vertical holes met, therefore the corner kind of sagged.
We fixed this easily with a couple hand made holes, but they aren't quite as finished as the other holes.
Like I said though, once installed, this netting is virtually invisible and has been complimented on by many of our guestsNice quality, fits well, and easily tailored to fit my application with little effort.
This allowed me to save money because I didn't have to pay a handy man to add more spindles to my stairway banisterLet me start off by saying there is probably no way that I would install this inside my house.
My condo is on the second floor and while I wasn't concerned about my daughter falling through I didn't want to worry about her throwing her toys onto the deck below.
I didn't use the hooks and string that came with it because it looked sloppy and was frankly a bit of a pain to install.
If you are looking for something a little less 'attached' then the twine they supply would work.
All in all a nice cheap solution for a deck toy barrier!
Just make sure you get more than one if you have a long deck.... one wasn't enough for me and I need to get another oneWhen my daughter turned 4 weeks old we switched to the Primo Eurobath Tub.
She flops around a little so we have to keep a hand on her, but I am sure it will be better suited for her when she gets a little bigger.
With my older twins I just bathed them in the tub, but after some very close calls, (bathing 2 at a time is TOUGH and sometimes I just didnt have the patience, energy or time to bath one and than another).
My husband went out to buy a tub when we found out we were having another set of twins!
He came back with two of the biggest, most expensive tubs on the market!
I mean its really a monstrosity.
It practically takes up the entire tub!
So I cant even bathe them both at the same time unless they are on the floor!2.Way too expensive, I mean yes if you have one child this may be the PERFECT tub out there, but baby tubs arent a NECCESITY if you have one (or 2) kids.
get a little imperfection and save the 10-15 bucks.So in my situation this tub is just not worth the hassle, and it fits in the big tub anyway so its not even that small.
ANd I forewarn you, if you want a sink tub, this is NOT the one for youThis is a great bath tub and fits perfectly in my bath tub inspite of its hugh size.
No other hard plastic tubs I've tried fit her beyond a year or so.The primo keeps the water much warmer than a porcelein tub does, which is good in winter- you really notice the difference if you ever have to bathe your toddler in a regular bathtub.
You can't put much water in for safety reasons, and then it goes cold fast.
The Primo EuroBath solves both of those issues nicely.I like that you can fill it pretty full for older toddlers so they stay warm and get to experience the feeling of a real, splashy bath (with toys) without the safety concerns and slipperyness of an adult tub.
We try the big tub from time to time, but at age 2-ish, my daughter is still a bit wobbly, even just sitting in the tub and playing with her toys, and with the big tub being so slippery, the Eurobath feels much more secure for her.
Each side has some support, with the toddler end allowing more movement but not as much as just an open plastic tub- the plastic pommel in the center provides a nice barrier to force her to stay seated.And speaking of staying seated: you kind of have to stay seated in this tub- standing up in it is a little awkward, which is good.
In the big tub, my daughter constantly wants to stand up to "just get another toy" or different soap or whatever.
In the Primo tub, she forgets to want to, because it's just not possible or comfortable to try to do so.The only "con" of this tub for me is that it's not quite as cushy and comfy as our previous inflatable tubs, and the hollowed out areas in the underside can get water deposit buildup and stains and are awkward to clean, even with the Clorox bleach wipes I bought just for that purpose.Everything else about this tub rocks!
I can see us continuing to use it for quite a while longer, until my daughter is a little more mature and can handle the freedom of the big tub.
I just wish I had known about this tub when she was a newborn, as we would not have had to try out and discard 5 different tubs prior to getting this oneWe got the EuroBath when our daughter was six months old, and we love it!
I love that there's the option to let them recline or sit up straight.
I have never used the drain feature as I just tip the tub over when I'm done.
This is a great tub for babies too big for the sink but too small for the real tub!
I also recommend theOXO Tot Tub Kneeling Mat, Blue- it really saves your knees while you bathe your childThis tub will support your itty bitty newborn but its just too large.
I ended up using a small tub that sat on the sink which allowed me to wash my daughter in an upright position so I didnt have to bend over and get achy knees from the bathroom floor.
I had read all the reviews it seemed as tho this was the tub I must have!
But at my Babies R Us store they did not carry it so I ordered from another store for additional cost- I think I ended up spending close to $50 between the $30 tub, taxes and shipping costs when I couldve saved all that time and money and been so much better with a 14.95 tub...which she still can use now at 6 months.
My advice is to buy a smaller tub that you can use in the sink- save your back and spare your knees now because you wont always have the luxury of bathing your child this way longI bought this when my son was too big for the sink at about 5 months.
I would hang it from the shower curtain rod with a plastic ziptie threaded through hole in the tub and then one of these "S" shaped rubberized hooks from the Container Store.
I though that I would get more use out of this, but at 11 months it became unsafe since he was trying to climb out of the tub (not the tub's fault).
wish we knew about this tub before, we wouldn't have wasted money over the first 2 tubs.excellent points on Eurobath --1. huge space -- width, length and depth -- giving the baby enough space to splash and play (safely, without fear of him slipping into the water).
drains fast.net, this is the best-ever tub we've laid hands on.
The drain is my only complaint - we use this tub by placing it in our "adult" tub and the way the drain is situated we have to lift the Eurotub slightly to get it to drain (or place something under it to prop it up) -also: the drain cap should've been designed to open in the other direction so the natural water flow when draining wouldn't close the cap so easily.
It is a large tub (almost as long and wide as our standard bath), so I don't recommend it if you are looking for something easy to store.
While on vacation at a friends home I about lost my mind without this tub.
She had another baby tub and my daughter was sliding all over the place.
She is now 8 months old and loves to kick and play in the water.
I plan to buy this for my friend when she has her next child.
It is bulky and a pain to use.
Buy the sponge - it is a couple of bucks and really all you need, in my opinion.We just sold it in our garage sale - I think we probably used it about 3-4 times before we gave up because of the hassleThe infant side of this tub wasn't very comfortable for my newborn, she kept slipping and the middle portion that is supposed to keep the baby from slipping is a bit awkward with its triangular shape.
It is also a HUGE tub.
My mother didn't like it at all and she ended up getting us a very similar smaller version at walmart for 11 dollars, that was much more comfortable and actually fit in our sink.
I would not put this in a regular size tub, can't imagine bending over like that is good for anyone's back or knees.Overall: I highly recommend this tub.
He is just starting to outgrow the small side (and he is very long for his age), so we just switch him to the other side or put him in the big bathtub if we wish.
It is large, but has plenty of room for your child as he/she grows.
I have gotten rid of this tub twice thinking we were done just to have to buy a new one.
It's got anti-slip for infants and same goes for the toddler position.
Only thing I did not like about the tub was that it's too shallow and my son is big for 9 month.
(I'm guessing the depth has something to do with safety).My brother who just has his daughter said his Primo tub was too big so he wanted to switch.Pros..it's bigConsit's too big and waste a lot of water.
over twice as much water as the FP whale tub.
Which I would not mind if it was bit deeper so my son can get a better submersion but it's not any deeper than the FP whale tub.Main problem is that Flooring is too slippery so my son was startled everytime his bum slipped against the floor.
He loves bath time with his Fisher Price Whale tub since he was an infant.
Always smiles and never wanting to get but yesterday for the first time, I saw him startled and whining to get out of the tub.
Never once saw my son slip on the Whale tub.
In fact he would rotate and splash around while taking a bath without a problem.
With Primo tub he stopped dead on his track, scared that he would slip.I supposed you can put a towel to offset the slipping problem but I think I'd rather look for another tubwe like that this tub is large enough to bathe a toddler in.
For my little ones who are not old/big enough to shower, this tub allows them to take a bath with ample room.
Other baby tubs they would have out grown long ago, but this thing is really BIGLike most parents, I try to streamline the baby gear I buy - if one product can have two uses or can be used into toddlerhood, I'm all for it.
That was my thought when purchasing this tub.
The idea of being able to use one tub from birth to age two seemed very efficient.
While I do love this tub, if I had to do it again, it wouldn't be the only one I'd buy.
While my daughter was about average length and weight at birth, I found she slid around quite a bit in this tub.
I put it away and just started bathing her in the sink.
It was only at about four months of age did I feel she could fit into this tub comfortably.
At that point she was in the 99th percentile for height and weight, and she fit into the EuroBath very well.
If I had known that I wouldn't use this tub early on, I would have bought a Puj tub or something similar for the sink for those first few months.Other that that, we love the tub.
The drain hole is fairly efficient, the molded plastic cradles your child, and the price isn't bad (try Buy Buy Baby or BRU - both are cheaper than Amazon for this product).
Remember to overturn or hang the tub up when empty so that it doesn't get mildewy (and it will if you leave water standing in itAgree with everything all the other (positive) reviewers have said.
Plus, once they get old enough it's great that they can splash in the water without having to fill your whole bathtub.
It is really huge, though.
If you have a small bathroom, anticipate having to store it IN your bathtubWhen I first got it I through we don't need this until baby is older but since he is able to sit upward we are using this.
It is exactly what I needed.
She is able to kick her feet and feels cradled and secure up by her arms.
It is a really big tub though.
We store it in her bedroom after it dries because there is no room in our bathroom for it.
That is the only downside, but it doesn't take away from the product at all so I didn't lower the rating.
I went so far as to bring it on vacation with us (for her and the 2 other babies there) - just packed a bunch of her stuff inside and threw it in the back of the car!
I am not chasing a slippery toddler up and down the length of a full size bathtub!It is a definitely a big tub compared to other models, but don't let that deter you.
I stuck it to the top of the tub wall opposite the shower head.
Our mesh tub toy bag hangs neatly out of sight underneath it, and as a bonus the toys aren't soaked every time someone takes a shower.
(The only thing with the suction hook is that if it's not locked down the tub can fall, and when it does it is LOUD!
But - lesson learned - it only takes a second to lock the hook.
)I've never used the drain.
She is only a little kid - I don't think she gets so dirty that she needs a whole tub full of fresh water to rinse.
After her bath I just tilt the entire tub up to dump it, wipe it out with one of those Lysol or Clorox disinfecting wipes, rinse it and hang it up.
The only real crevice to clean out is the drain plug.
The rest of the surface is smooth so it wipes down quickly.Overall, I feel like this tub is easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to store.
We're expecting another baby and - again - we will be using this tub just as soon as this one can take a real bathI really wanted to love this bath, but I don't.It is just too big even in my rather big bathroom.My baby wasn't really into this tub either.I'm still keeping it in case if we have another baby.If you are having a first baby, I would recommend using Infant Bath Seat from primo.It is easy to use, clean and store.
My baby liked it betterPrimo claims that the &#34;Eurobath is the only bath tub you'll ever need&#34;.
Now when I give my 6 month old a bath, I can do it on the counter not breaking my back doing it in the tub.It's no frills, no toys, lights just a tub.
We got this when he was younger but since it doesn't have any padding we used instead a different tub until he was able to somewhat sit up (maybe he wouldn't have cared, but it looked painful).
The tub went through a lot of banging, crayola drawing and stuff like that, but it looks great, and works like new.
The stopper has never leakedThis tub is great.
Very well designed and extremely well made.
It fits well in the large family bathtub but also on the worktop next to the sink when my back is too sore to lean over the bath.
I love the fact that as he gets older he can sit up at the other end and I won't have to use so much water as the large family bathtub for him for quite some time.
I haven't seen a better bath anywhereLiked the fact that it can be easily used for newborns as they don't slip down and sink!It's very resistant and durable, the only thing I don't like is that you need plenty of space to storage itI had a different baby tub before this because I thought this was too expensive.
I have a narrow tub and was worried it wouldn't fit in it, but it fit perfectlyThis bath tub is everything we wanted in a tub for our baby.
It has ones side where she can lie down and the other side where she can sit up.
She'll use the sitting up side for part of her bath, but still very much enjoys lying down on the other side.
so I completely forgot how important this would be for my now 4 month old son!
Thankfully someone bought me an infant tub, and thank god its this one!
* The Eurobath doesnt leak on the counter, which is a god-send since it didnt fit in our double sink too well* Holds enough water to cover my baby* Has an infant side for babies who cant sit up yet (although we put a little dishtowel there for extra "gripage")* Has a toddler side for infants who can sit up, gives them some room to play* Cute color too* Will fit in the big tub when we need it there* Cleans up very easilyBUT* Its really really big and its hard to store* Theres no support to keep a baby from slipping* it wont fit in the sink* Its expensiveAll in all though, this is a great tub and by far the best available on the market, really comfortable, dont waste your time buying a cheaper model, you will just wind up buying this one anyway, if you wind up with a good tubI brought this tub for my newborn.
Great bath tub for babies because it provides the back support for babies.
However as your baby get older, you may have to switch out of the bath tub since it doesn't provide much sitting space for older baby.
Great bath tub stillIt is a great bath tub for my newborn!
The tub is incredibly well constructed, with a convenient drain at the bottom.
I am so glad she told me about this tub, since it is so big and he won't grow out of it for a long time!
The tub is roomy and the grooves hold him well.
I imagine that this tub would be great for a newborn as well.
He wanted to kick the water, but was kicking the plastic instead, which made him unhappy.
He could finally kick and splash in the water.
In this bath he can splash the water with his hands too.
He looked really crammed in the First Year's tub compared to this one.
He stayed in the bath for 40 min splashing, laughing and cooing nonstop.
No matter how much he moved, he stayed well secured.Great bath!
Yes it is big, but that is the pointWe chose this tub because of the molded infant side and the big toddler side.
He loves it, and the middle core keeps him from sliding around too much.The biggest setback with this tub is it is huge.
The drain is also inadequate- it is much easier to just pick it up and dump all the water outThis tub is VERY VERY large.
It is too big to fit in my sink so I must put it on the countertop to bathe my 3 week old or be subject to putting it into my bathtub which is hard on my back.
It is nice and deep, which is good for boys just in case they pee, it doesn't make it out of the tub.
I get annoyed at the plug to drain the water, the pressure of the water flowing through it closes it, so you have to hold it open to drain the waterWe had a Fisher-Price baby bathtub that someone gave us.
We used the F-P tub for about 4 months.I checked bathtub reviews inBaby Bargains: Secrets to Saving 20% to 50% on baby furniture, gear, clothes, toys, maternity wear and much, much more!
We used this up until recently when we started putting our son straight in the big bathtub.For a long time, we used this on our bathroom counter.
At some point, we started putting this tub inside our bathtub.
He is 18 months now so we probably used it for about 14-15 months.Pros:-nice supports and guides to keep your wee babe from sliding all over the place-sunken areas for storing soap/shampoo-bigger area for older babies-recommended use for up to age 2-drainage holeCons:-BIG.
This tub is huge-we had some issues with leaking from the drainage hole, but it was very little water so we just wiped it up when we were finished with a bath.
It was about a tablespoon of water each timeThis is really a great product.
Found it to be safe and secure as one side is more shallow for the newbornMy newborn squirmed and cried bloody murder during her sponge baths so you can imagine how nervous I was to immerse her in water for her first real bath.
I needn't have worried.
(No need for two sets of hands).
When she "fouled" the water, I used the drain to quickly empty the tub and then refill it before continuing with the bath.
Since there is a toddler side I will be able to use this tub for quite some time before she transitions to the bathtub.
Also the lack of slings or other cloth pieces eliminates concerns about the tub being fully clean and sanitary.
My mother saw the tub and scoffed why would anyone buy a tub when they could just wash the baby in the sink.
Then she saw how easy and effortless bath time was and she was sold.
My newborn actually likes getting a bath now, hence I now enjoy bathing her.
Start on one when she was a newborn, but then as she got older, she moved to the other side.
About 2 months into it realized that the plug actually suctions to the side on the tub, so the water flows easily.
It is bulky though, so you need to have space in the bathroom to store it and to use it.
Unfortunately we have to use it in the bath tub since it's so big which makes it difficult for us having to bend over all the time to wash her.
She's not slipping around and she is well supported.PROS:-plastic seems durable, not flimsy-no foam/anti slip material in tub = less mildew, bacteria growth-has drain in tub-infant is well supportedCONS:-a little pricey-bigCompared to all the other tubs we saw, this one is a lot better in quality and function.
Second I tried another tub, I wish I could remember which one to warn you, but she just kept on slipping down to the bottom of that one despite its "no slip surface".Finally I tried the EuroBath.
Never had a problem bathing my daughter in it.
I used it all the way until my daughter was large enough to go into the tub herself.Only down side is that its huge.
If you lack storage space, this can be annoying, but its definitely worth itNo frills, sheer elegance in design!
Love this bathtub.
I was looking for a simple plastic design so that the tub would be easy to clean/sanitize with no mold issues.
If you have a large bathroom with a nice long countertop to work from, then this wouldn't be a problem.
But I have tiny bathrooms in my house, and have to place the baby tub inside our regular bathtub, which is pretty hard on your back.
Secondly, the infant section of the tub is quite large.
At 4 months and 12.5 lbs., I'm using a towel under him because I'm still afraid he'll fall out.
Lastly, this occurred to me after I had purchased it, but having a toddler side of the tub really is unnecessary.
If they're at the point of where they're sitting up, you could just use your regular tub to bathe them.
I'll use the baby tub, simply because I've already purchased it, and it will save water, but all in all I wish I had gotten something else.
Our 7 month old nephew took a bath in it the other night, and he loved it as well.
It's too large for our kitchen cabinet, but it works well inside a bathtub.
Just be ready with your video camera the first time you put your child in itI got this tub on the advice of previous reviews and have to agree it's great.
It is big, I store mine on it's end in our linen closet and set it on the kitchen counter for baths.
My girls slipped around a little on the infant side until I put a burping cloth under them.
My only complaint is the drain plug must have been stuck in backwards.
We didn't really use it until she could sit on her own at about 6-7 months though.
I didn't like it for before she could sit...another option with more padding is better.
I will continue to use this until she's 2...it's great that I don't have to fill up the whole tub and feels much saferI registered for this tub after doing my research and reading reviews and have only had positive experiences with it.
I have used it for my 3 month old since her first water bath and I have had NO problems.
It IS a large tub to store, but I don't mind since it makes our bath times so fun and easy!
When her bath is finished, I simply dump her water into the large bathtub to drain and store this one away.
There is a drainage hole and pipe for easy draining if you choose to use it somewhere other than a bathtub.
There is a lot of room for her to grow also - we'll be using this tub for years to comeWe had a pretty big newborn (9lbs) so this worked really well for us.
I think I would be scared to put a baby littler than that in it though.
It is a HUGE tub.
If you don't plan on keeping it in the tub all the time...get a different tub.
I'm glad I have a basement because storing it anywhere else would be a pain.But the size is one of the reasons I love it too.
Son really likes kicking and splashing around in it and I feel he is very secure in there.
I love the little sections to put his shampoo and soap as well.
(Okay...slight exaggeration.)
But it was HUGEWow -- where do I begin?
This tub is, hands down, the very best bathtub on the market.
We chose it based on the rave reviews of a trusted friend and the advice of NICU nurses in a baby preparation class we took.
This tub allows you to wash your child with at least one, if not both, hands free.
Our daughter's very first bath was in this tub just the way it's pictured here (no infant insert needed).
She'll be 22 months-old next week and still fits in this tub.
We expect she'll fit in this tub well past her 2nd birthday.
We blew it up tonight thinking maybe we'd start putting her in the adult tub with the duck since she splashes us a lot now and soaks the walls when we use the eurobath on the bathroom counter top.
To our dismay, we found that the duck inflatable tub was way too small.
In the eurobath, even at nearly two, she still has plenty of room to sit and play with all manner of bath toys.
She sits confidently in the eurobath because she's supported so there's no slipping and scaring her, and there's no worry for us.
I can wash her hair and her body without holding onto her or worrying she'll slide and bump her head, etc.
We'll probably just start putting the eurobath in the adult tub for a while now until she outgrows it.I cannot say enough good about this tub.
You WILL NOT find a better tub out there because it just doesn't exist.
You can buy a cheap rubber duckie bath water thermometer at any baby store and they work fine.
This is just the best design on the market and you will thank yourself time again, probably for two years or more, for buying this tub.
It's nice and big, the water covers her whole body and she has room to splash and play with good support.
We don't usually use the drain plug, it's light enough to just dump the water out.CON:For 0-3 months this tub had issues because it does not have the newborn sling.
(It looks like there are holes for one but there's nothing to buy from Primo).Our solution was to place a folded towel beneath her in the bath which did work great and provided her comfort and support while bathing.
His neck is still unstable so I had to hold his neck the entire time while taking a bath rather than it whacking on the hard plastic.
I think this tub would be good for older infants or toddlers but not for our two month old.
She is six months old now and loves her bathtime more and more each day.
She still cannot sit up on her own, but with my assistance I have also moved her over to the deeper side of the tub so that she can play in the water.
I can already see that the tub is designed so that a baby can sit in it with the bare minimum amount of slipping and sliding.
We had it for our first and got rid of it thinking we weren't having more.
But we had another one and had to have this tub again.
If a plastic tub can't endure shipping, how can it handle a growing toddler?
I had a nightmarish experience returning through Marketplace, horrible experience for a cheap overpriced tub.
The PRI tub certainly wasn't worth the $50 I spent.
Go to Bed,Bath,& Beyond to see it in person and pay $24.99 if you really want it.
But we just tip the water out in the tub once we're done bathing herThis bath tub is very functional & cost efficient..considering you can use this for a very long time (just DON'T use chemicals to clean it/ USE Organic Cleaners!)
It is a little on the Big side...so if you have a small place, I would invest in something a little smaller...GO TO [...] they have this bath tub & another one that is a little smaller, so you can actually hide it under a cabinet & not keep it out in th open all the time because of how big it is :) Just nail it to the wall (back of door) like I didOne thing I didn't understand when I registered for this online is that it's huge!
As he got older we were able to let him splash and kick and explore so much more because the back is so supportive.
Yes, it is a little large, but it has a drain in the bottom and we just stored it in the regular bathtub when we werent showering.
Recommend it to all my moomy-to-be friendsWe didn't buy this seat until our daughter was 4 months old, because we were previously using the Puj tub.
I love the fact that it is non-toxic plastic, made in the USA, and can be used for many months.
One side has a cradle seat for younger babies, and the other side has a round piece that keeps older babies who can sit up from slipping and falling.
When she can sit up, we will put her on the other side.
We will feel much safer putting her in this knowing that she won't be able to slip like she would in the regular bathtub.
The drain on the side is a nice convenience and makes emptying it easy.
The only issue is it's size, but we found that it fits perfectly under the crib and we store all of the baby toys, towels and baby bath products insidejust make sure to use a thin bath towel under the baby to keep them from sliding so much, only issue I've had is that the piece for the leg split is too wide on the baby side, at four months my daughter still has a hard time having to sit there with her legs that wide apart... it is just short of 4" wide on the baby side and not shaped for her legs to go over it eitherThis is a great tub for when babies have out-grown the infant type tubs, but can't yet sit on their own in big tubs.
He splashes to his little heart's content.
My only negative comment, is about how slippery it is.
I still have to have one hand on him at all times because he likes to reach for things and squirm and he has taken a couple headers into the water, which he didn't seem to mind, where it gave me palpitations.
It's a lot of work to hold him in place while he's kicking and splashing, while also trying to bathe him.
Plus I had more control over her in the bath versus struggling with this giant thing.
She kept sliding down, even when we used a towel under her.
Well it's a molded plastic.
So roomy and it's very clean/sleek looking!
His toes would reach the end of the tub!
This tub does not.
I don't really have a comparison point but no complaints.
The back seems a little slippery so we put an organic cotton diaper on it as a little pad to make things more comfortable.
There is plenty of room and I think we'll begin to love this more once she is old enough to sit up.
For now, we get through bath without any tears or falls and that is good enough for meGreat bath!
Super useful and will be used for much longer than a typical baby bathtub.
This is better to use than sitting in the bottom of what can be a very dirty bathtub and it saves me from having to wash the bathtub multiple times per weekI really like this tub for my sitting baby.
But that's why you're never supposed to leave babies unattended in the bath.
They can manage all sorts of crazy things when left to their own devices.The only reason I didn't give this tub 5 stars is because the white tub develops a little brown spot where her bum sits.
I clean her thoroughly with wipes before each bath, so I'm not sure why this is happening, and she's never pooped in the tub.
It seems to be permanently stained.
I'm too afraid to try bleach in that spot, since it's where the most sensitive part of her body rests in the tub.
If I could have gotten another color for the same price, I would haveThis tub is the best- I wish I had bought it sooner.
We had a 4 stage tub for our son, but he got really big and it didn't fit any more.
I saw this tub listed in Baby Bargains (great book!)
and decided to try it.
In fact, now he hates to get out of the tub since has so much fun in there.
She loves this tub as she can kick her feet around with plenty of room.
If you only have one bathroom and are low on storage space, you would probably want to look elsewhere but if you have the space, this is a mustI don't use the drain feature, so that doesn't bother me (other people have said it's hard to drain.)
Actually, he can switch himself between the different seating options now (he's 8 months), which worries me a little, that he's that mobile in the tub, but hey, I'm right there watching, so I guess it doesn't matter much, and it entertains him to move around and chase toys around the tubThis is a big improvement over our previous tub, which had no built-in supports - only a separate chair on which our son would constantly be sliding downward.Three places for improvement:1.
There is no stand, and apparently you can't purchase one.
I built my own to elevate the tub 6&#34;-7&#34; in order to save my back.
(I don't endorse this - a poorly built stand would present its own obvious risks).
However, the does a full-body kick (like in professional wrestling to escape a pin), and has almost managed to throw his whole body onto the top of the supporting pieceI needed a bathtub that would work for both my infant son and my 3.5 year old daughter.
My daughter freaks out in the bathtub, and I thought that getting a smaller tub would help her to feel more secure.
I also needed a new infant tub.
I think that the plastic could be a little bit thicker, but I think it is durable enough to withstand several years of useNewborns can be so wriggly &amp; this product was a great help at bath-time!
The only change to this product I'd recommend is a foam liner where baby sits/lies.
I went to a craft store &amp; bought some for cheap &amp; installed it myself (used a towel as a 'liner' the first 2 baths).
Also, it is quite large for counter-top use but we made it work in our master bathroom, too big for the kitchen.
I have taken baby into the bath with me more often &amp; Daddy helps to dry him off when we are done.Update at 7 mos (July04): Using more now that he is bigger &amp; harder to take to the tub with me (wants to crawl in the water).
Still would have liked for a layer of foam against the back, as said above I did my ownI bought this when my 5 month old got too big for his small baby bathtub (he was 20lbs then).
The baby seat my mom got me wouldn't stick to my bathtub floor and would tip over.
My son is 15 months old now and I have started putting him in the regular bath tub now and he does fine now that he has good balance and everything.
He is 30 pounds now and for him if he leaned over the side he would start tipping the whole bath.
It is large....you'll need space to store it or in our case we just keep it in the tub in our extra bathroom!
You and your baby will love itWe just recently stopped using it for our 18 mo old just because she can now sit in the regular tub but this little bath tub was great!
We use it inside our full sized tub.
We could have used this the whole time if we'd had it!
We used it on our kitchen island counter-top until about 6 months when my son was really sitting up unassisted.
Unless you have a sink right next to a large enough counter space you will have to bail the tub a bit unless you are really strong.
One side is sloped for reclining.
The opposite side is a little deeper for older babies.
There is a drain plug built in that hasn't leaked on me yet!
The stopper on the drain plug tends to flop back down making draining the tub take a little longer.
We just squish one of his squirt toys between the walls of the recline and side of the tub and tuck the stopper underneathI wanted something comfortable, safe, and high quality for our 4 month old.
This is a great tub for her getting ready to sit up on her own.
It is big, and takes up almost the whole bathtub, but it beats the others since it creates her own bathtub.
I used it on the kitchen counter in our small condo (as we didn't have much space anywhere else) and then I used it on the large bathroom counter in our townhouse.I tried that sponge shape for our first son in the regular bathtub and that really hurt my back (and he didn't like lying down in the water).
While you would never leave a child unattended - it does provide a great deal of support.
I have a hard time getting my daughter out of the bath - she just loves being in there!
There are even spots to hold soap, shampoo or wash cloths.
He kept on trying to stand and he kept slipping and smashing his little behind and nether regions on the molding.
This happened a few times until I learned that this tub was no longer a good tub for him.
I don't think it's a problem with the tub - just something that you should be aware of and watch out for.
Overall, I love this tubI had the previous version of this same tub with my older children (a hand me down).
Thinking I was done having children, I gave it to a friend.
Several years later, chose to have another child and ordered a new tub.Improvement: This one has a plug you can pull out, rather than a tube.
It also has a support between the legs, again to prevent the infant from slipping.
Reclines a newborn slightly, since htey obviously cannot sit upright.When baby is older, seat him on hte other end, where he can sit upright.This tub fits inside any standard bathtub.
One for infants who need to lay reclined, and the other is for older babies/toddlers who can sit up with minimal or no support.
Other reviews state that the drain is slow, but I wouldn't know....I use the tub inside our regular bath tub and dump it when we're finished.
Our tub is stored hung on a nail on the bathroom door or turned over in the big tub.
Have been using this tub for about four months and have NO complaints.
Also the shipping time was greatYou cannot go wrong with this bathtub!
It has an end for the infant and an end for the toddler!
Baby won't slip under the water because of the plastic mouldings, so you can have both hands free to wash and reach.
Once our baby was big enough to sit up, we put her on the other end (toddler end), and she plays and splashes, while still having the plastic molding so she can't slip back into the water.
She's 18 months old now and we fill the tub to the brim in the big bathtub.
Now after using the tub for about 6 months I see why everyone is so pleased.I have never had to bathe a baby before so I was a little scared at first.
If that is the case, use a towel underneath them to hold them in place.The only people that should maybe hesitate to buy this tub are those with very limited space.
My bathroom isn't exactly spa size so I store the baby tub inside my tub.
I simply fill it in my bathtub, sit on the floor and bathe my son, then when I'm done I tip the tub up and let the water drain.
There is tube that you can use to let the water drain from so you don't have to lift the tub, but I find it faster just to lift it up and dump the water out.Other than those with little storage space I see no reason why anyone shouldn't buy this tub.
However, bathing him in the tub kills my back!
Now that he sits well unsupported he would rather sit, which this tub allows.
My only complaint is the drain.
We have to put a plastic spoon in the hole to keep it open, otherwise the water pressure pushes the plug shut while it's draining.
Other than that, I absolutely love this and would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to awkwardly bathe their child in the regular tubGreat bath tub and my toddler is 3 now and we are still using it.Yes, this is a bit more expensive than some other models and brands, but you really get what you pay for.The fact that we are still using it after 3 years, that alone is worth the price.We have given this product along with a bottle of Argan oil (I love the brand Vitaville) to many of my girlfriends for baby showerI have two children, while my younger one loves it, my toddler still hates bath time.
However, this is much better and less intimidating that a regular bath.
I'm hoping to find a way somewhere in here to get my toddler to enjoy bath time, currently its like war just getting her leg wet!
This tub is durable, very well built, does not look cheap.
Best bath tub for its side.
Lightweight and enough room for my LO who is 8 months old to playThis was the ONLY bathtub I purchased, based on all of the stellar reviews, and BOY was I disappointed!!
Even with the so-called supports the tub has, she still slid all over the place, and I still had to lean over the side of the tub and hold her very carefully!
she HATES the tub and we're still doing sink-side sponge baths!!
If I had to do it again, I'd get one of the smaller tubs that has the sling-type support!
It's considerably smaller, has walls that go straight up (versus being slanted, like the Primo) all the way around, and I think it just makes her feel so much more secure and safe!!
I will start by saying this unit is BIG.
Although there is a side for newborn infants, I think they would slip around too much and the unit would be very big for a small baby.
To save my back I put this on my kitchen island for bath time and I have no problems transferring it with a few inches of water in it from the sink to the counter island.
It is very easy to clean and I just leave it in the bathtub to drain completely and store it there...when I need the tub I just take it out.
Well made heavy duty plastic will last for babies to come.
Yes it does take up some space but I hide it in the tub behind the shower curtain and I'm just fine with that, I find that I don't use the plug as it seems easier for me just to dump the water into the sink from the long end.
I'm very pleased with the purchaseAfter our twins got too big for baths in the sink but still too small to just sit in a tub, we were at a loss.
All of tubs we saw were meant for one kid and we were hoping to be able to give them baths at the same time.
I finally saw the EuroBath and decided to try it out.
We've been using it for several months now with no problems whatsoever.
If you live in a small place, consider that because it is very large and difficult to store.On a side note, the packaging was beyond awful.
the box was damaged, not closed...bad bad badThis bath tub is humongous.
It needs its own bath room.
Too big to put it on top of a kitchen sink.
Since the only place I found for it near water source is inside our bath tub, which places it practically at ground level, my back is killing me.Unless your are planning to remodel your bathroom to fit this monster, go for something else.
it has both positions for infant and toddler, so really can last a long time.
This one claims to be the biggest on the market.
She fits fine in this one and has just bought her mom and dad at least another year before they have to worry about putting her in the bathtub which they now do not haveOk, this is the tub you need, folks.
Alex kicks his feet into the water, but I don't have to worry because he is held up by the raised center bumper and doesn't slip too far into the water.
The depth is perfect, too - the baby doesn't get too chilled.I agree with some of the other reviewers that the drain is very small for the product size, but really, it's not hard to just upend the tub and dump out the bath water once the baby's out.
I also like the indentions to hold the soap and bath products because keeping those in close reach is very handy.
The only real negative is the size of the Primo - it gets unwieldy when we have to take it out of the tub when company comes over, but otherwise we just leave it in the tub.I look forward to using this for many yearsthis tub it gigantic.
Sure, we could probably just use the bathtub, but this will use much less water and I feel he's much safer in it.
Given this fact, the bathtub could last for generationsI have ventured to three bathtubs (Firstyears, Safety1st, and finally Primo Eurobath) for my daughter.
and always looking for to bath time.
Not much room for her to grow and play in the bathtub.
Too much curving that is just HARD to clean!
So basically it was useless!
No need to bother corrosion issues too!4.
The toddler section is using a chair that is always too big, my daughter almost always slipping and I need to hold her with my muscle to avoid her sliding.While Eurobath toddler section is just made ergonomically that holds her position in the water.
So less to no more chance of sliding.5.
Yes I am editing ADDING this particular benefits that I noticed lately too: Have you ever had a problem after soaping your baby's buttock then when it times to rinse by filling up the water to the bath tub, you took your baby out thinking it is well rinsed but yet noticed that the buttom of your baby is STILL soapy?
Well at least I did.The FirstYears and Safety1st that we have only cover up to my daughter's waist: if I want to clean the buttock, I need to basically pull her up to rinse it (and pulling her in those bathtubs are not easy because not too much room and not to mention she is heavy too).While the Eurobath: because it covers close to her chest, I just need to slide her around to clean the buttock.
I let the water do the work (floating/buoyancy).
And with so much room, my hand can reach and clean her buttock easily.Well I could rave about this product on and on.
Glad that I purchased this product and to listen to other parents' reviews here!
He really cannot slip in this tub and has ample room to play and splash.
Our 9 week old loves baths in this tub.
We purchased it directly at the store which I see was wise since shipping can be so expensive.It is very big compared to the other tubs out there, but we just store it in our bathtub when it's not in useAlthough rather large & cumbersome in my apartment, my newborn daughter was perfectly comfortable and secure in it.
This is the ONLY tub I would recommendThis was such an upgrade from our last bath tub, my daughter is 5 months old and on the big side for height and weight.
This tub is so large but in a good way.
I'd just like to forewarn you do not need to put too much water into this tub since they are reclined so deeply into, and the only con is there isnt any grips on it so once your kid finds out how much fun it is in this tub they can jump around and thus slip around a bit- not bad-- but wanna keep a close eye on themI looked really hard for a tub that can grow with a baby.
The only thing I don't like about the tub is the size.
Takes up 3/4 of the size in our bathtubThis is the only tub you need.
Our newborn uses one side and the older toddler uses the other side.
It is so multi-tasking.
If you buy a newborn tub, you will be buying this one shortly thereafter because your newborn will outgrow the small one so quickly.
Instead to make the plastic where she lays a little comfier we put in a hand towel to lay on.
We are extremely happy with this tub and would have rated it five stars, except for the fact that it is HUGE.
It is very hard to find anywhere to store this monstrous tub after the bath when it is damp.
That said, the fact that it is so big allows two parents to enjoy giving the bath together to the little one, and allows for the deepness of the water a tradeoff you'll have to decide onThis bathtub was recommended by one of my best friends, a supermom, and I am so glad I bought this on her advice!We've been using this tub since the little girl was a little under a month, and at first I needed to be more supportive of her as she'd squirm and start to slip one way or another.
But already at just 3 months she lays and splashes and plays in the little molding and we can float a duck around at her and clean her so easily as it supports her.
There is a max fill line and a little drain, though I really just flip it over after we bath her in our tub.
The biggest issue is storage - it would never have fit in our old apartment.
We buy a fair share of Made in China stuff, so it is nice to see a made in the USA product.
THe drain in the bottom is a great idea as wellI have a deep soaking tub so i needed something that would be a bit larger.
I also like that there is a drain in the tub.
would have given 5 stars if there was an insert to buy for infants.
One of the other reviewers commented to buy no slip pads and this is very helpful.
will be very slippery withoutEveryone is right, this is a great tub for your little one.
My baby is 5 months old and was outgrowing the infant bathtub that sat on the sink.
He fits great into the infant side and he had a blast the first time he was in the tub.
It was the first time he could splash around and the first time Dad heard him laugh!
He doesn't find it so amusing anymore but it's great for me because I can give him a bath alone now instead of having to have another person hold him up in the tub.
Yes, the drain is really slow so I do what someone else does and use a large plastic cup to scoop the water out so I can refill with clean water.
It's like a real tub, and it does fit into a bath tub.
One is a reclining position for a younger infant.
Great device.
I think it's so clever that you can have the baby in a lying down or sitting up position, depending on which way you put him in--this product is very durable and made to last until your child outgrows it!
I put it on my kitchen island and bath him that way, so I don't kill my back in the bathroom.
It is rather large and takes up most the space in a regular size tub.
I would recommend this tub to everyoneOur 6 month old outgrew her 4 stage bath tub & I wasn't comfortable readjusting it to fit a toddler.
It has a drain & I haven't had any problems with it.
It seems like it would have been perfect to bathe an infant too (since it has the special design to do so), but I didn't have it at the time.
Its totally huge.
My 3 month old loves to kick and splash in the bath.
I used a smaller tub to begin with because this tub seemed alittle to big for a newborn.
It has a contoured seat that keeps him from sliding down in the tub.
Worth the money.
Great designAfter dealing with a couple of unsatisfactory baby tubs, I found this tub for my infant twins.
Can't say enough good things about this product.
looks like it should be big enough until he is a toddler.
it fits in our bathtub perfectlyThis tub is great to use for infants, but definitely not for newborns (unless you provide extra support, which defeats the purpose of this tub with a built-in support).Also, very big in size, so take it under consideration when purchasingHands down BEST BATH EVER.
This bathtub is awesome.
It is big, but its not any more cumbersome than a smaller tub.
Our little man has plenty of room to splash around and he can rest comfortably in it with all of his bath toys.
It is super easy to clean and a great great product.
Don't bother buying the smaller tubs, go with this oneOur son loves this bath tub!
It's big.
It's not the sort of bathtub you plop in or on top of your kitchen sink (unless you've got a pretty big sink and you're very tall).
I actually use this inside our regular bathtub when bathing my daughter.
I used a bath cushion to give her extra support and comfort on her back/head when she was unable to sit up on her own.
And though she's able to sit up now, using this bath makes so much more sense than filling up the regular bathtub (which would require way more water).
I definitely foresee myself using this bath for my 7 month-old for several more months, and possibly a couple more yearsI used to have one of these small baby tubs with a hammock for newborn.the Hammock thing was great when she was a newborn but as soon as I stopped using it and put her straight into the baby tub she would just slipped, flipped and I always need to hold her which made it very hard to clean her....this tub just solved all of these issues.she is hold into place and can freely splash and move without me holding her and in exchange I have my 2 hands free to clean her.PROS:the design is such that:Baby can lie down and splash and play while being hold well.Baby can sit and play while being hold well.This is a two stage tub-it looks big but fits well in my bathtub which is very standard.CONS:Nothing yet.UPDATE:Baby is now 10 months and she still fits in the tub (and she is very tall- size of an 18 month old baby)- I will keep using it as long as I can as it way better than dealing with the regular bathtub.
I like it so much that when we go on vacation I always try to find a baby equipment company renting that kind of tubI like this bath I just wish it came with padding on it.
My little guy was always sliding down it until i started putting a towel down.
Now i have soaking wet towels gathering up throughout the week.
I had to use my forearm for support and bathe him with my other hand.
It's easy to drain.
I usually drain a bit of the water mid-bath and add more water to make sure I'm getting all of the soap off.He is now 10-weeks and loves splashing his hands in the water.
Oh yeah - he was too big for his tub.
And bathing him was such a disaster :( especially when he started to jump out of it.
I couldn't bathe him alone, my first hand was busy with holding him and the other one was shampooing.
We tried to switch to an adult tub, but as he can't sit yet it was even more uncomfortable: my back ached, the baby was scared, and I was nervous.When my son turned 4 months, he weighed about 20 lb I couldn't wait anymore, and again searched net for bath tubs.
All I saw was about same size as fisher price.
Finally after googling "my baby doesn't fit his bath tub", I found an advice from woman who recommended trying primo eurobath, date of her advice was 2001, but anyway I tried to amazon it and found it to my great surprise.
He was sitting like a king on his throne in it.
It has space for his hands, bump doesn't let him to jump out, it's pretty high, and it also holds well.Our bathing time became much longer.
Mommy was relaxed for the first time, and really had funI received the sure deluxe newborn to toddler tub at my shower, But my little girl outgrew the newborn side at 3 months, but was to small for the toddler side.
Here bum would pop up over the plastic part that is suppose to keep her from going under.
It is the only tub where she has been able to kick her feet and it holds her so i can bathe her with two hands.
The contoured tub holds her head above water without our assistance, and it has since she was a tiny little thing - under 7 pounds when her cord fell off.
i kept trying out other tubs and kept returning them.
so finally, my husband got tired of returning tubs, he picked out this one but i was still having doubt because it is so big.
My daughter was born 7lbs 15oz and 20" long - She constantly was sliding around in this thing, or when she would kick and splash her legs would go around the "post" that was supposed to separate her legs and it would hit her privates hard.
A towel, sponge support, anything at all that might help A) make her not slip around so much and B)make it not so hard.
Once we switched to a softer material tub by Summer Infant (I might also add that the tub is MUCH smaller!)
She will kick and splash, play with toys, etc.I would not recommend this bath tub.
It's a good idea, but the material is just too dang hard and it's not comfortable for little babiesI got this for my baby shower and I LOVE-Love-Love it.
I put it on my kitchen table after filling under sink, and drain it from the easy-drain spout right into the sink when I am done.
The tub itself is large but the bottom is proportioned enough to fit over a nice size sink.
It's huge so Lo can stay in for a lot longer than most tubs.
My daughter loves her bath time and her tub.
So she basically started having a meltdown every night because she was uncomfortable and couldn't stretch her legs out.
You can imagine this wasn't good for our usual bedtime routine!
Well, I read the reviews on here and went to BRU and got this tub immediately.
She could fit in it without any kind of a sling because the tub itself is very supportive.
She loves to splash around and kick her legs, and turn from side to side (all supervised of course).
I find this tub is great for getting out her energy as well as working out a little gas before bedtime.
I'm not sure if this tub would be good for a brand newborn since it is a little big, but I never tried it until my daughter was over 12 lbsAs a soon-to-be new mom I was determined [read obsessed] with finding the most practical of items for our new arrival.
I read the reviews of the Euro bath and added it to my registry.
Given the low cost of the bath sponge it was a winning combination.
I have been told that some babies don't like water (my little man did wig out once) but I think the Euro bath is a gentle intro to water and bathing.
The plug hasn't been very useful for us as I tip all the water into the tub to drain before cleaning with plant based cleaner but it may be useful for some.
She had outgrown her washpod tub (which she also loved) but I wasn't comfortable putting her in the regular bath tub yet since she is such a squirmer.
Could not be happierI bought this tub because it received really good reviews - but it is gigantic and really takes up half of my bathroom.Also, because of it's size you don't transport it and end up keeping it in the bathtub anyway!I found it's just easier for my daughter to take a bath with meOnce baby had outgrown the sink, we were stuck using the one I originally registered for - a "space saving" model.
Too much work.
One tip - for small infants, use one of those big sponge things to keep baby from sliding around, or put a wet handtowel behind them.
Oh, and I use to store it on the back of a door.
Used one of those stick-on-hooks to hold it up.
You need to measure because you will need to figure out where you will use it and store it.
My shower has an extra long shower hose, so it is very convenient to fill the tub.
I let it drain as best as it can and when she is done with her bath, I just turn the tub over and let the water out.
I store it in the shower stall when I am not using it.
It seemed like every couple of months we were buying new baby tubs and then I found this tub.
He used this tub until he was nearly three years old.
I preferred using this tub because for some reason, it seemed like it kept the water warmer than the big bath tub in our main bathroom.
Also, there is nowhere for him to hit his head, which he did on the regular bath tub.
This tub, does hold quite a bit of water, but it even if you fill it completely full, it will only use a fraction of the hot water that the main bath tub in your house will use, so it helps you save on water and water heater costs as well.My daughter is 25&#34; tall and just under 16 lbs and just outgrew the Puj tub that I was using in the bathroom sink.
I used a face towel to line where her head would rest.
She stayed calm and loved to kick and splash and she still very much enjoys bath time.
I store this in our full sized bathtub (which we do not use).
When my friend gifted this to me she remarked how huge it was and then realized it was meant for toddlers too.
The drain works well but I just dump the water out and let it dry standing on it's end balanced against the bathroom wall.
If you fill the tub past the tushie support piece the tub will get too heavy to turn over and drain will be needed.
The tub has a line that the water is not supposed to be filled past, just about at the same level of the tushie support.
The inside of the tub stays clean; I do get a little mold on the underside at the end where I stand the tub up.
I think this would be tough to have in a home with only one bathroom or only one tub that multiple members of the household useThis is a quality bathtub.
When we first received it my daughter was about 10 lbs and 21in and the tub was a little too big for her...I ended up putting a folded towel in the bottom to prevent her from slipping.
Saves water and keeps the bath warmer for my little one rather than putting him in the tub with an inch of water.
I like this tub, but I agree with other reviewers that the drain is slow.
Also, the hard plastic is unpleasant for the baby, so I also bought the Safer Bather cushion.
I realize now, though, that I really didn't need that...a soft washcloth or cloth diaper would be enough.
I recommend this tub to anyone who wants to have good control of the bathing situation.
Well, I finally gave in and guess what, I purchased what I think is the largest tub they sell.
This thing is big.
It is one molded piece of plastic -- no removal pieces to have mold grow under.I used a large sponge to bathe my child in the sink until she was about 3-4 months old and got so squirmy I was afraid she would wriggle out of my hands and bang her head against the sink.
I did a LOT of research on the best tub before buying this one.
For a few weeks, we had to pad the set with a towel so it wasn't so hard and so that my child fit better.
But she loved this tub so much more than the sink -- she learned how to splash so much that she now soaks all four walls and the ceiling.She's 10 months now and still using this tub -- she'll fit in it for a long time.
My child has a cousin born at the same time -- his mom had a different tub and ending up buying the Eurotub a few weeks after we did because her child almost flipped their smaller tub.I purchased this from Babies R Us -- it was significantly cheaper than the Amazon price at the timeThe bathtub is priceless.
He was just too small for the tub.And yes... its almost as big as a regular sized bath tub, but that's one of the things I like about it... more fun for my son.Taking off a star because of the plug... it doesn't stay open on its own... it keeps closing, which is annoying when you are trying to drain the water while your little one is in itThis is the second bathtub we bought.
I wish it had been the first, and only bathtub!!
I only gave it 4 stars because it is bulky, so I don't really have anywhere to put it when my son isn't taking a bath, but we love that we don't have to fill the tup up and waste water.
We always put a little towel under him so he doesn't slip.
The main reasons:1.
Uses alot less water than the bath tub2.
Has spots to hold things while I am re-adjusting my son4.
Has easy drain plug5.
plastic so you can dry it quickly and put up elsewhere if other members of the family use the tub.6.
(i am a paranoid mother!
Once you get your hands on it you will see that it is built to last.
There are no plastic cheap parts to break or wear out.
That means a whole lot to me.The only bad thing about this tub is that it is large.
So, I was worried that this tub was going to be too big for him.
This tub is so fantastic it kept him nice and secure in the tub for quite a long time.
The tub has an area where the baby sits that separates their legs and holds them in place (of course you need to also make sure you have your hands on your baby at all times in any tub).
As he got much bigger he then would sit up in the tub and had plenty of place to play with his toys.
We used to put this tub on our dining room table and it was so great because we were never leaning over and wrenching our backs - oh how nice those days were.
This tub worked for my son for quite a long time (we used this until my son was a year old no problem) and it's so easy to clean and drain.
Don't waste your time with other tubs, this is the one to get, it's fantasticSo - We had one of the fancy schmancy Puj baths because of space concerns.
My mommy group of over 80 women agree!
This can be used for toddlers too as there is a sitting spot opposite of where the baby lays.We don't store it in the bathroom - it has a hole for a hook and we just hook it onto the back of the nursery closet door.
)This would be super useful for those without a bathtub and just a showerWith a bad back and knees I have been bathing my child in the kitchen sink so that I can stand up, but she was getting far too big for it.
When I saw this and read the reviews we ordered it.
She can lay back and calm down at the end of the evening whilst I wash her with both hands and not have to worry about letting her slip and I love that when she's a little bit bigger she can switch ends and sit up on her own.
I also wanted to use the actual tub for familiarization purposes as the little guy grows older.
Beginning from a couple of weeks old, he has been taking a bath in the infant side of this tub.
I do put a hand towel down to keep the little man from sliding (although he still does a little), but for the most part, this tub allows me to use both hands for washing which speeds up the process.
It's also nice to have a drain plug that allows you to adjust the amount of water in the tub if you happen to put too much in.Many people don't like the size of the tub, and it is large.
Our bathtub stays in our normal tub unless we have company, then we stash it in the nursery.
It's not pretty, but it works.If you are looking for something collapsible or portable, this is not the tub for you.
Some reviewers complain about this, but I look at it this way: we have a tub/shower, and put this bath tub into our bathtub to bathe our daughter.
If I had to scrub out our tub every night to get it clean enough for her, that would be a huge pain!
To me, this is a much more pleasant bath than sitting in the adult tub as a toddler in only a few inches of water.
If you put more water into an adult tub, we've found our toddler slips around too much and feels insecure, even with a mat.Cleaning this tub is a snap.
I use a Seventh Generation cleaner with a hydrogen peroxide active ingredient.Durability is fabulous: We actually never drain the tub with the drain, but lift it and spill the water out.
For $25, this is a slam dunk in all respectsThis bath is gigantic but the portion that actually gets used is very small.
Also the little channels for the arms are really thin so you can't get your hand in there to rinse off the baby's arms well.However I have to say there is NO way the baby can escape so it is completely safe.
My baby is 3 months and he isn't anywhere near able to escapeSomeone was really thinking when they developed this tub.
It's by far the BEST tub EVER!!!
I store mine in the tub.
I had another one and my baby grew out of it before I could blink.
FYI Babies r us sells it for about $10 lessI don't know why the website will not let me have it at one star!
Not only do you have to buy the special liners (annoying and expensive) it's confusing to operate.
I finally just used a small trash can in my laundry room and empied it out every few days.
At least it didn't annoy me!!!
No icky smells and very easy to empty.
I put a dryer sheet in the bottom of it like a regular garbage can.
It has been really helpfull...
I use to change it every 2 days, now It gets full every 4 days....
The refills are not expensive at all, and you could always get free refills at Babies R Us, buying 2 or 3 together....I use one refill every 3 weeks or so....I haven't try any other one in the market, but for me this is perfect, so I could say that is the BEST OPTIONBe wary of any diaper pail that requires instructions and a demo by your next-door-neighbor in order to use it!
After I figured it all out I found that it was a pain to fool with.
Also the refills are expensive and it doesn't hold enough diapers IMO.
I guess the diapers have gotten stinkier.
What can I say?The other thing that drives me nuts is that the first few diapers I put in after a refill change never go in correctly.
The only positive thing I can say is that when you do cut the links loose they are easy to dispose of in the outside garbage.You may want to save your money on this one and go with something less fru-fruI don't understand the other reviews, mine has been a wonder.
When he was a newborn I would empty it only when it was full.
There would be this long sausage of diapers which I found hilarious.
Now it isn't nearly as long... maybe 8 or 10 good wet diapers of a 2 year old who LOVES his juice.
About a month ago I noticed a little odor and I used Lysol.
Since then no problem and I stuck my nose in the bottom and took a good sniff.
There is one thing I do differently then the directions though.
After I cut the plastic liner I remove the diapers out of the bottom (careful I don't dump one out of the liner) and then I tie the knot in the end.
I even feel good enough about this product to let my son then drag it to the trash, he loves helping.
About the bad review on this product, are you sure you are giving a couple twists after putting a diaper in the genie?
Or a really good twist and maybe a double knot at the bottom of a freshly cut liner?
This is what I do every time and I only change it when I have to or think about it.
One thing that took my husband a while to catch on to (and I mean a year) is when you put a diaper in to push it only to where those griper things are.
This way you can get the best twist and seal it in completely.
When he was a baby I use to wait until there was 2 diapers (at the start of a freshly cut liner) so they could be gripped together.
Yes, not as clean but with how fast you change newborns it was never a big problemThis product is worthwhile, because you are going to be changing diapers constantly, and you need to throw them away in some sort of sanitary and convenient manner.
When baby starts eating solids, there is quite a different aroma coming from his diapers!
The only thing is, because it holds so many diapers, it can make the nursery smell very "baby powder-y".
If you happen to live in a building, with a garbage shoot on your floor, then you don't need this.
Just put a day's worth of diapers in a plastic bag, and down the shootI used this diaper pail when I had my first daughter a couple of years ago and I did not like it at all.
I thought it was very difficult to use.
(until you get used to it) It didn't contain the smell well at all.
The refills were a pain to put in and like another reviewer said it twisted when it wanted to.
I threw this out and bought the safety 1st odorless diaper pail which I find contains the odor much betterExcellent product.
He's now on cereal and beginner fruits and veggies and despite the increase in smelly poopies, the Genie works great.To help with smells---make a compact package out of diapers by folding in half and closing up by wrapping the back with the tabs around to the front and re-securing the tabs; the newer, scented, wide-opening refills keep the smell down (much better than the older style Genie and refills); empty it every 2 to 3 days as it fills up.
I sometimes use a Chlorox wipe on the inside when I empty it.We've also had no problems emptying it; just hold it above your garbage can and swing open the bottom hinge, after using the lid-mounted cutter (press down hard and twist twice).
The diaper "sausages" fall into the can and you don't even have to touch themI would rather throw the diapers on our kitchen trash can.
It's a lot faster and easier than trying to mess with the Genie.
I would recommend trying a different brandOh the diapers are not really a stinky issue if your baby is young and you breastfeed him or her.
I suggest you get one of these right off the bat and go straight to using the green liners for toddler diapers.
They are thicker and hold the stench at bay way better than the wimpy blue liners.
Just remember to empty that sucker out every other day or even the Diaper Genie will abandon you to the Smell GenieThe Diaper Genie is great.
We'll have this thing filled to the gills with dirty diapers, and you wouldn't even know that any stinky diapers were in the baby's room!
When it is filled, just turn the knob to cut the bag, tie off, throw out, and start all over again with fresh clean bagsBuy the Diaper Champ instead.
Then I discovered what a waste of money it was.
infant, original and toddler.
Still didn't do the trick.
Eventually I gave up and took dirty diapers straight out to the garage and only used it for pee diapers.
Much less hassle and same resultsIt's not that the diaper genie is bad.
However, after using it for a little over 4 months, we have found that it is a pain in several ways: 1.
If we did it again, we would get a diaper disposal system that uses regular trash bags or the plastic grocery bags.
The refills are difficult to change.
We've even had trouble with a piece on the top that turns the bag to twist it, breaking.
And you almost never have time to unload it when this happens.
We'll probably stick with it for a while because we've got it, but if you are considering buying a diaper disposal system, I'd probably go for another oneI love this product!!
I have seen negative reviews on this product, but I would guess that they haven't mastered how to use it.
The sausage idea is great because it contains the smell when you open it to put another diaper in there.
My 5 mo old laughs everytime she sees her father change it.
He loves to go on about the poo-poo sausages that she is so talented at making...lol (Daddies are weird) When you get one make sure you read the directions twiceIt's a neat idea...the problem is...the replacement bags cost too much and don't justify the convenience.
They are slim and hold about 7-10 diapers.
At the end of the day, we toss them out into the garage...end of story.
If you really need this kind of doodad, there is another type out there where you can use your own plastic bag...that's much better than this dealThe Diaper Genie does the job of keeping odors away, but otherwise it is a real pain!
If you shove the diaper down and accidentally miss the clips you have to reach down and pull up the messy diaper and wipes!
Particularly icky at 2 am.And contrary to what one poster says, a monkey definitely couldn't operate this thing.
The refill directions are lousy.
It took us over a half hour to figure out how to install the refill, and we're all college-educated professionals (and my dad, a retired mechanical engineer, couldn't even figure it out!).
It's hard to get the refill in, even when you do figure out the part that's ommitted from the instructions.
When you're busy with a newborn, the last thing you have the time or energy to deal with is a challenge like this!And why does the obvious dial at the top cut the liner instead of sealing off the liner for the next use?
Yes, you realize that's what it does after reading the directions.
But we have to tell anyone helping care for the baby not to turn the noticeable dial because it doesn't do what you think it will.If you do decide to purchase this product, don't turn the liner multiple times after use as the directions suggest.
The only reason they say to do this is so you'll run out of the liner faster and have to buy their refills.
One or two turns is sufficient once you get the diaper lined up in the Genie properly.I wish I had taken a better look at competing products.
The Diaper Genie has some major flawsWhen my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke, I bought a Diaper Champ.
With the other product, his room smelled horribly, even when I changed it daily!And, I found that the Diaper Genie really isn't any harder to use, and that it is much more pleasant to change, since all the diapers are sealed when you open the lid.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie.
Save your money and buy one the first time around.
You'll have to spend a little more on refills, but your house won't smell, which really is the point behind a diaper pailI use this for less than 1 month: The quality of the material (plasitc) is bad and cheap, it doesnt control de odor ( the room really stinks) and it broked after a month of use, and the refills cost too much money!
The Diaper genie is good for when your baby is an newborn (1-3 months) After they are 4 months there doo doo really stinks and the smell does come out a little bit even if you change it every other day.
The inside gets horrible smell like something died in it.
It is very hard to replace the refill.
And I did not notice it untill I tried to replace it so I already opened the origianl refill and some how broke the darn thing.
So right now it is in the garbage.
Money down the drainWhy does everyone think you need this thing?
Of course, we thought so.
We have used it five or six times.
We ruined two packs of refills just trying to figure out how to use it.
Once we got the hang of it, we realized it's pretty useless.
Even my husband can use it lolol... u just pop a diaper in til u feel the grabber thingys and then close it and twist the lid and it locks in the diaper...
I can keep it next to the changing table and know my son can't get into it and won't smell his nasty poopiesWe ended up giving this away.
We went with another brand (just one long piece) and it worked out much better since our brick fireplace is rounded.
If you do go with this one, make sure to get the removable caulk as the stickers don't work AT ALLThis does not stay on a brick fireplace.
But it's better than nothing.
The corners stick well thoughIt is so annoying that my son figured out how to rip these off.. but at the same time I love this product.
No complaints here!
What do we need to do to protect him?
It's a tough question and no matter what you do, he'll probably find something you didn't think of.
Our toddler has already found a tube of diaper rash creme and spread it all over himself (primarily the face) and over the wood floor and a carpet.Well, we've tried to do some common sense things.
I installed it in about an hour.
It's a one-size-fits-all solution and I was afraid our fireplace was too big.
No problem.
It took a bit of cutting, but we ended up with about 6 inches of edge left over.We don't like the looks of it, but the baby's safety is of greater importance.
Reid has even used them to pull up and they have stuck.
He fell the other day and landed right on the corner, I held my breath, nothing happened he didn't even cry just went on.
So I thank the makers of these guards for saving an hospital visit.
The don't stink like some people said.
They match the color of my brick so unless you look and stare you hardly notice they are there.
I am not the type to worry about how they look with the rest of my living room, I just wanted PROTECTION and they have done that already.
Needs replacing when child is teething and I will replace with same productThis has been stuck on my fireplace for a year without coming off (cement slab hearth).
I did have the problem with being about six inches short.
Looking at reviews recently prompted me to call Prince Lionheart about getting a short missing piece, and they offered to send me one at no charge!
The sticky provided it's strong enough to get it stuck on brick, but maybe another surface like a smooth tile would be okayThese cushions seem pricey, but they were the only ones we could find to buy, and going without some type of cushion on our brick hearth wasn't an option.
old daughter started to pull a piece off the other day, but then she gave up and I pushed the piece back down fine.
Not sure if it's due to getting the product on right or his lack of interest and attention to it.
This was about the only option BRU had and it was a waste of money.
It never failed she wanted to go right to it and try to get it up.
So we just took it up and she's been fine without anything on it.
In fact, she's pretty much left it alone since we took this offWe have a standard fireplace hearth (no odd angles) that is about 6 feet wide and this has worked out great.
It sticks to the brick without a problem and my 11mo old plays on our fireplace constantly.
I'm afraid that this is going to get a poopy stain and gross me out to the point that I have to throw it away.
They are a little cheaper, but only come in 4 or 5 colors.I read in a review for the Simmons Contoured Changing Pad that the plastic had ripped, so she had to throw it away.
It wears up well to washing, and comes in many colors to match nearly any nursery.
Good thing I bought so many, because each time baby oozed, leaked, squirted, spit up, fountained, or otherwise made a baby mess, I would have to carefully fit the straps back through the strap holes, then remove the pad cover, toss it in the wash, and put a new cover on.
Don't waste your money buying pad coversI have 2 of these covers and love them.
i put them in the wash at least 2x a week, and after 5 months they haven't even faded (i have a blue and a cream colored one)I throw them in the dryer regularly as well and have no problem fitting them back onto the changing pad - which is an issue with most covers.
I have no time to wait for these to airdry, so that was a must.Overall i'm very pleasedWe bought 3 originally and when one was washed it had a hole in it instantly and I could see why.
The maker of this product, Simmons, also made the coordinating, contoured changing pad we use, so that design flaw just doesn't make sense.These pads are soft and do wash well, and do fit and stay put on the coordinating changing pad, but I would recommend not using pads of this type at all for everyday.
The blankets are cheaper, easier to clean and don't interfere with the use of the safety strapsThis changing pad cover is made of high-quality material and fits perfectly even after being washed in HOT water.
My only problem is that the white really doesnt stay white.
no matter how clean you think you will be (bleaching and all) there is really no way to get this terry cloth totally clean when your little one poops on it (and he will!).
Get a colored one instead.
They are mediocre.
I noticed that the material frayed around the elastic after a few months of use.
They are extrememly soft (you'll wish your sheets were made out of this stuff!
It has no holes for the safety straps on the pad to fit through.
I cut small holes to pull the straps through, and they were all frayed after just one washing.
In fact, the entire cover is already covered with frays and snags after only two weeks of use!
The material is rough and cheap.
My husband and I have opted for covering the pad with a clean bath towel every day.
It's softer and easier.
It never made it to the changing table.
That's really never bothered me.
And considering how often they are washed, they are really holding up well.My only complaint (and why I didn't give it five stars) is that they could be a little softerI am pleased with the changing pad cover...It was very expensive, that is my only complaint.
It was nearly worthless after the first washing because of how much it shrank.
I washed and dried them many times.
All of the stains came out and they stayed soft and didn't shrink much.
The straps on the pad I have are attached at the bottom so I didn't need to cut any holes in the cover in order to be able to use the straps.
It cover the big fat rips in my vynil changing pads too, so that you would never know that its ripped.
However, I don't really use them much.
Now I just bring them out when we have visitors (like the fine linens, ha haThis is probably one of the least costly monitors on the market.
Even for the price, I thought there were a lack of features.
We used it for 7 months, every day during naps and night, and today the power adapter quit working so the only way to use it is with the 9v battery which lasts all of 3 hours before crapping out.
So, in summary: it will work but it's not a very good product and doesn't seem to have quality components to make it last.
Would probably be a better idea to just to buy a more expensive one out of the gate since you'll be spending that amount of money anyway once you buy something to replace this one when it diesWe got this as a gift at our baby shower two years ago.
I know that I will be able to hear her.
I think if I were to buy another monitor I would get one that has a video camera in it, so I could also see what was going on.
But this is a great product considering the priceI got exactly what I was hoping for - a simple inexpensive baby monitor without all the bells and whistles.
I can't hear every breath she takes but I can hear when she's in her bed playing and I can hear when she's crying.
I don't get any static.My only real complaint with this is that it takes a 9V batter (or can be plugged in) but the battery is not rechargeable.
I usually have it plugged in so I can't comment on how long the battery lastsI was really not looking forward to having to spend a ton of money on a monitor.
It really is crystal clear I can hear the baby's 1st stirring.
I didnt have a need for an expensive, over the top monitor and if that's your situation too, you'll be happyLike another reviewer, we got this monitor free with a purchase at Babies R Us, although I should say from looking at the photo here, I'm guessing the one I got is an older model that was being discontinued.
With the Sony, I feel like I can turn it down pretty low and it still picks up the baby's cries well without getting all that background noise.- No lights.
Now, maybe if I wasn't using the Sony all the time, I wouldn't be so dependent on the lights.
And at night, I guess it's not an issue.
But when the baby is napping, I am often washing dishes or running laundry or taking a shower or doing something equally noisy, and in those cases, I really rely on those lights to let me know if the baby is crying.
With this monitor, I find myself having to pick it up and hold it to my ear to try to figure out what's going on.Bottom line, if you're willing to spend a little more, you can get a superior product in the Sony Baby Call.
Two were total junk out of the box.
It was totally useless.
The static was so loud we could barely make out noises from the babies room.
So, we ordered another one for the other kid's room.
This 3rd one was total junk.
So, 2 out of 3 were junk.
For me, this explains the mixed reviews on this product.
This one had the least static.
We hate it.
Some of the other monitors we've used periodically loose the signal from the baby's room, and then automatically reconnects after a few seconds.
Each time they loose the signal they beep loudly to let us know.
THIS monitor does NOT beep when it looses the signal, or maybe it just never looses the signal... either way we're sleeping much better nowThe unit is about 4 feet away from the crib and every sound the baby makes can be clearly heard.
I could be laying in bed in the same room as the baby bed, and my husband will come in from another room cause he heard the baby fuss when I couldn't.
I can't hear the clock just sitting a few feet away from it, but this baby monitor can hear it clear across the room.Just don't unplug the transmitter while the receiver is still on... it's LOOOOOOOOOUD staticMaybe the best $ deal I found so far.
I would not be with out one of these.
This one is very clear and loud.
Can't say muchbetter about a monitor than thatToo staticy but you get what you pay for.
Picks up sound if you are in another roomWe had actually gotten this monitor for free through a promotional offer at Babies R Us.
A little bit of static, but nothing compared to our other monitor.We had an expensive montior before this that had TONS of static and threw it right in the back of their closet once we got this oneLove the price, product works just as you would expect.
Great that it works just like it should, and super glad that I didn't waste the money on one of the other really expensive baby monitorsFINALLY HAD OUR BABY AND GOT TO TRY IT OUT..THE FIRST TIME I HOOKED IT UP WAS WHEN I RECIEVED IT, I DID HEAR THE NEIGHBORS MONITOR A LITTLE..BUT ALMOST ALL BABY MONITORS WILL HAVE THAT PROB.
I thought the more I spent the better quality.
I was wrong!
It turned out all the reviewers had problems with the hand unit frying after being plugged in to the socket for too long.
Both of ours died after less than a month of use.
Not wanting to spend another $100+ on a monitor that was only going to die after 1 month we opted for this baby monitor.
There is VERY little static associated with this monitor.4.
Although I remember the directions saying you can use it when it's not plugged in.
Not a problem for us but it might be for others.3.
Sure it would be nice to see what my child is doing in her crib when she's talking to herself, but as far as hearing if your baby is awake, crying, babbling, singing, talking, etc.
I recommend this to everyoneAfter my expensive video monitor died, I decided to go back to basics and try this one.
Good enough for it's purposehaving this set up next to no electric things, no tvs, radios or computers still gives off a feedback that is horrible.
it does the job but when i walk past it having a screeching eeep every time is annoying will not buy againThe best part of this monitor is the price.
You really can't beat it.
They're very light cheap plastic.
But I don't think that really matters as long as it works.
It was crystal clear so I was impressed for the money I had spent.
I then made the mistake of buying a second monitor for my second child's room when my old monitor conked out.
Unfortunately even putting each one on separate channels (there are 2 to pick from) the reception became terrible.
I could hear each bedroom from each monitor along with screeching static.
I ended up having to shelve the second monitor and get a more expensive unit.
However if you need two, save your money and get a better unit with more channelsIt isn't the greatest monitor ever made, but it works.
In my home which has lots of wireless gizmos it has really bad static.
You can't turn it up very loud or the static is deafening.
But I can normally still hear the baby cry with it down as low as I need itYou get what you pay for... For $17 you should not expect a lot.
It's working OK for me, but I regret not spending some more for a better quality monitorWe got this free with a $75 purchase at Toys R Us so we took our original choice off of our registry.
Maybe we just got a bad one because the other reviews seem to be favorable.
If you can sleep with &quot;white noise,&quot; you may be OK but it drives me nuts.
This is a hassle because you have to unplug and replug it every time you change rooms.
I don't have any other monitors to compare it to but I don't think it's so greatI love this monitor more than my expensive VIDEO monitor.
Baby can be downstairs and I'll be upstairs on the other side of the house and hear EVERYTHING that is going on in that room.
One time while he was sleeping in his crib with the window shut, I could even hear the birds chirping away outside.
If you're looking for something inexpensive, this is goodThis Monitor gets BAD interference!
I gave it 2 stars because it's super affordable ... but you don't want to buy it unless you really don't mind the interference and constant buzzI read lots of reviews before purchasing this monitor.
Now I am able to clearly hear when she wakes and begins playing with her crib toys and am able to respond before she becomes stressed.
Also I know exactly when she drifts off to sleep.
There is occasional static but it is very low.
My daughter-in-law spent a lot more money for something not nearly as good.
In my opinion for the money this is the absolute best product on the market hands downthis is a bare bones baby monitor, but it does what it's supposed to do.
we can hear even very quiet things like our girl's soft snoring and the rustling of sheets.
this monitor is all i need for that.we've been using this monitor for about 6 months now and have had no problems with it.
i was a bit hestitant to order when i saw how many people had problems with the product, but thought it was worth a shotI did not use this long because I could hear a lot of air, and it just reminded me a living in a scary movie, so i got rid of it.
Maybe I didn't do something right, but I'm just being honestThis monitor is awful.
Do not waste your money.
I can't hear my son in the next room.
I don't know what they've changed, but this one is bad enough I'm going to break down and order something else.
I can't imagine what they've heard us say based on what we've heard!
Going to replace it with the V-tech which is less than twice as much...wish I'd put the money into that to begin withI just purchased this because our other monitor was going on the fritz.
The clarity is perfect for our large 3-bedrm apartmentI don't think that they should call this a &#34;crystal clear monitor&#34; As the other reviewers mentioned this product is pretty staticy.
On a low volume setting, I can still hear my baby when he makes noise but the static isnt bad.
This is a cheap monitor that does the job.
If you are looking for crystal clear & no interference then you will have to spend more than $16.
It also has some "white noise" in the background much of the time, but it's minimal.
It made very loud static and if someone talked or cried, it would only change the sound of the static slightly.
I didn't try a second one since I really needed a monitor and didn't have the time to mess around with something that might not workI Love this monitor.
When I was pregnant I lived in a tiny apartment where there was no need for a monitor, but I put the most basic, inexpensive one I could find on my registry for when we went to grandma's house.
It doesn't pick up any interference even with 2 different wifi networks in the house (linksys and netgear) and it has seriously taken a beating.
I am seriously impressed by this product and the value is unbeatableI was among the parents who were really upset by the news about BPA in children's bottles -- especially because I exclusively pumped milk for my son, which meant that his milk was not only served but also stored in plastic bottles.
So there are pretty much zero worries about anything leaching into the milk (or formula).Now, the downside ... these suckers are HEAVY!
And if you've never been smacked in the face with a bottle by a toddler ... well, let's just say these ones are way more painful than the plastic ones!And, unsurprisingly, glass can break.
These are quite solid, though, and I think we only ever broke two -- one at home (it was dropped on a hardwood floor) and one at an airport (my son threw it onto a chair with a metal arm ...
).Since my son is no longer drinking anything from bottles except a little water at bedtime, we've switched to BPA-free plastic, just for convenience (and this co-sleeping family's safety!).
my only slight complaint is that i wish these came with silicone nipples instead.also, my opinion is that there's no need to buy a 4oz bottle since babies will quickly grow out of that stage.
if you're short on money, just get the 8oz ones - you'll be holding the bottle when feeding a baby who can only consume smaller amount of milk, so no need to worry about the larger size for the babyThese are good basic bottles.
There's a litany of choices and every imaginable variation on design.
Our daughter has had no problems eating whatsoever so I can't say anything about any of the specialty bottles on the market, but for most babies, I can't imagine needing more than a basic bottle.
We like them a lot, and the price is very affordableI use these to pump into and then to store the milk in the fridge.
If I'm pumping to freeze, then I store in the Dr. Brown's bags.
However, my best friend has EBF three babies for a year and all three took to this bottle no problem, when she returned to work each time.
So, I'm hoping that when my daughter's older she may take to them (she's only 3 months) but in the meantime, I use the lansino moMMa bottles for feeding, and she has no issues with those.
This can be solved with a nipple that Gerber puts out made of brown silicone that has a cross cut in the side of the nipple.
After asking around we landed on these, and were thrilled.
Also, for formula these bottles are very narrow in the neck.
I ended up making my own funnel with an old breastpump attachment, which makes it a lot less messyI bought these glass bottles after reading all the articles about bispenol A.
I had to purchase nipples to fit these bottles and it's hard to find the right ones.
I ordered some Dr. Brown standard nipples, hoping to fit the bottles wellthese are good quality, and do not leak (as long as the nipple is positioned properly over the bottle opening, which is so easy to do).
And they heat the milk up faster when placed in a warm water bath.
They suggested the Evenflo classic bottles which are like these except plastic with the clear nipple.
After swearing by Avent with my first, I never imagined the solution to feeding my second would be an "old-fashioned" type bottle.
This has happened to me in two out of the three bottles.
Nevertheless this problem makes it a little unpractical when you have a little baby and you need to feed him as quick as possible and you are in a hurry.
The numbers in the bottles also are difficult to be readIt's inexpensive and glass - EXACTLY what I was looking for!
Don't have to worry about scary plastic chemicals.
Great productI was concerned about all the BPA fuss and considering that according to studies ALL plastic bottles can be harmful, I decided to find an alternative..
I noticed that with my plastic bottles (NUK- although I love NUK nipples) would still smell funky after several washes AND having them in boiling water.
I saw reviews that said the medela nipples went along with it too, but I prefer nuk since I have found it is less confusing for my son (since I Breast feed and bottle feed)I got the 4oz pack of 3 for about $5 at target and that's enough for me, I recently purchased the 8oz 3pack from babiesrus for 6.99... GREAT BUY OVER ALLMy baby still has a tiny tummy, so these small bottles work well for the amount of pumped milk he can drink at night.
You could try pairing the bottles with another nipple as well.
We were using the disposable liners in a bottle holder.
I got to thinking about all the plastic in her life, and the lack of plastic in mine.
I think a little "safe" plastic here and there is O.K., but I'm trying to avoid extreme exposure.
I thought we'd give these a try.
My daughter is not a picky gal, she's extremely easy going, so it didn't surprise me she took to these just fine.
Yes, it's feeding in a vacuum.
But at this point, it's either that or have her eat out of plastic all day.
It took her a few tries to figure out how to let the bubbles out but she's doing great.
She just took a few breaks during feeding time.
I freeze milk in them and defrost them in warm water and we have never had a crack or break yet.
They wash better than plastic bottles because you can see the fat from the milk left on them when they are still dirty- it's hard to see that in the plastic bottles.
I think if they redid their molding it might be a little nicer to read.
Other then that they serve their purpose.
I purchased this so that the breastmilk could sit in the fridge a couple of days.
Mine was getting an odor from the plastic bottles.
I don't know why someone said these bottles leak because I've never had a problem.
It's great that they are making glass bottles again these days- finally the world is wising up and getting healthierbest bottles for your money these old school bottles are not expensive and work better than plastic all the timeThese bottles are great!
Much healthier for babies, less expensive, and easier to clean than plastic bottles.
They are just what we neededEven flo is a good product but there are other brands out there.
This is what we chose and will try something else for the next babyIf you're looking to this 3 pack to replace the 6 pack that is sold now without the storage discs, don't buy them!
They do not include the plastic storage disc cover either and are only a dollar or so cheaper than the 6 pack.
They do not seem to give her any problems with gas.
I find that these bottles are too heavy to use this method.
:-) (These do fwiw screw onto my medela pump - so if hands-free is not an issue or you have a real hands-free bra, these may work well for you)Another problem with these, though, is if you store breast milk in glass bottles for less then 24 hours, certain components of the milk adhere to the glass and won't be released to the baby.
Me too!
Now I don't have to worry about warming my breastmilk for the babysitter or my husband to give my little one.
They last so much longer than the plastic bottles.
All of the plastic bottles that I tried got to a point where no matter how well I washed them, how hot the water was, even going through the dishwasher didn't get the formula smell out of them.
Glass bottles are so much easier to clean, and so much easier to run through the dishwasher.
Plus, in the diswasher the plastic bottles were never completely dried in the drying cycle.
I now have these in 4 oz and 8 oz sizesFirst off, I really appreciate the fact that these bottles are made of glass, as opposed to plastic.
We try to limit food and beverages consumed in plastic.
You can skip the 4oz bottles and just get a bunch of 8oz ones.
Your child will eventually use just the 8oz ones and in the mean time, you can just fill them up with 4oz.While they are great, the rings and nipples may need to be replaced.
They are not expensive though, so it's not a huge problem.
She really had a hard time sucking them.
If you are bottle-feeding, I would recommend getting at least 12-15 of them so you don't have to wash and sterilize bottles everydayIt'll be a few months before we put these bottles to use but I wanted to clarify a point about replacing the nipples and dishwashing.
The current trend (Avent, Playtex natural, Gerber etc.)
I only mention this here to clarify that options may be limited and to be careful if ordering nipples online.Update: Last night, I washed the included latex nipples in the upper rack of the dishwasher and found that they came out discolored.
I think the discoloration indicates that some damage has occurred.
I wasn't even using the high heat (sanitizing) option!Oh well... good thing we intend to use these bottles primarily for the storage of expressed breast milk.
I'm following other reviewers' suggestions to get the Sassy (MAM Assure Ultivent) BPA-free plastic bottles for trips outside the home and for supplemental feedingI'm not sure what &quot;not impressed&quot; review meant by it bunches up...it depends on the mattress.
Also, the waterproof element is located INSIDE the pad, so you don't have too much of the annoying plastic/vinyl rubbing sound or feel.
I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on.
They're large enough to nearly cover an entire crib sheet, and they're easy to clean.
Put it in your laundry, and dry on low setting.
I suggest buying 2-3 of these, so you have extras when it gets dirtyI purchased two of these mattress pads two years ago for my son's crib.
It fits a standard crib mattress PERFECTLY, and lays nice and flat.
We are expecting TWINS this spring, and I plan on purchasing two more mattress pads for our second crib!I reccommend purchasing TWO for those middle of the night messes, that way you can change the sheets and pad in the middle of the night and not worry about washing the soiled pad till you wake up the next morningIt pilled up with the wash and dry{tumble low}!
AND it shrunk just the tinest bit so to annoy you because it fits but not quite and you broke your nail trying to get it to touch the bottom of the mattress!
It does &quot;pill&quot; a little after being washed, but it doesn't concern me, you put a sheet over it anyway.
It had gotten kind of gross so I decided to run quickly to the store to pick up a replacement.
I made the mistake of not reading the details.
About the same size, one is a Kid-Ding FLAT mattress cover and the other is a Kid-Ding FITTED mattress cover.I wasted my money cause I couldn't return it once I opened it and realized the one I got at the storeWaterproof Crib & Toddler Bed Pad - 27 x 50 - Whitedidn't have a fitted skirt to wrap around the mattress!
Underneath the crib sheet, it slips and slides all over the place and crinkles up like crazy!
What a disaster!I went online to make sure I get the correct one this time, and I did!!!
It stays put and makes slipping on the crib sheet so much easier!!!
I threw mine outTHESE ARE A MUST HAVE!
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ITI have been washing and drying it (low heat) with no problems.
Just don't scrub really hard when you spot clean it, because I noticed a lot more &#34;wear and tear&#34; from that.
This is all you need!
A little tug, and it goes right in place... kind of like a normal bed sheet, know what I mean?After washing, many lint balls pile up, but it is durable in the fact that it isn't falling apart!
They serve the purpose, but just get &quot;pilly&quot; after a couple washingsMy baby would take the bottle with a lot of bouncing fussing etc.
After about 3 days of my caregiver telling me he just hates the bottle I hopped on here and looked for another nipple because I had already looked in the store and there wasn't a lot of selection.
My good friend is pregnant and I gave her these as part of her shower gift.
They are very hard to find.. and I don't know why since it seems I am not the only mommy who is looking for them.
I wish Amazon would offer them with free shipping !!!!!
*hint* *hintGreat for vintage baby bottle collection; need for old Playtex bottles that are no longer made.
It took him up to an hour sometimes to finish a 4 1/2 oz bottle!
There needs to be some middle ground.
The flat nipple makes it difficult for my baby to get those last drops even if I could funnel the last of the milk into it.
Ultimately, there's always wasted milk with this nipple.
Playtex needs to work on improving their nipple flowsFor what these nipples cost they were a total disappointment!
Also after using these nipples my LO would tend to be extra rough and pulled at my boobiesMy baby is breast fed and I needed to start pumping and bottle feeding before heading back to work after 12 wks of maternity leave.
Baby would NOT take ANY nipple out there!
FINALLY this nipple worked!
Great buyThese are about the only nipples that my little one will drink from.
the base of the nipple looks more rounded in the images than it is--it's actually quite flat.
we found that our son preferred something he could put his whole mouth around, as it would more closely resemble nursing.
we ended up just making the hole bigger in the Nuk nipples and that seemed to do the trick.
I wish they would only use one classification system because it can be quite confusing if you go to buy different nipples.1.)
When I found out the bottle design changed, I didn't want to have to re-buy all new bottles ( because the nipple design changed to fit and perform with the new bottle too).
I went to several local stores that were already sold out so came here to stock up.
Happily using it in our homeThis is a good bottle nipple which of course fits the phillips avent bottles.
In our case there's also a little bit of nipple preference so I am not sure that it is entirely the nipple's fault (as in not being slow enough).
Perhaps in another month or two we'll revisit this reviewThe hole on these nipples is not always punched in the middle, and some was way off.
I recommend order Dr. Brown's nipples over theseThese are our daughters favorite.
They are very nice, we have a lot of them Level 1 and Level 2 and we haven't had a single problem with any of them.
Definitely not ok for when my toddler is in bed, falls asleep, and didn't finish her milkOrder these for my newborn when the 2 hole nipple flowed too fast.
Product is just has expected - high quality.
I've had to replace about half of them because the tip where the holes are ripped and now there's just a gaping rubber flap.
On the breast, however, baby has nearly full control of how much and how fast milk comes out.
It's why the Ameda breast pump (Ameda Purely Yours Breast Pump) gives you a 'Cycle' option.
Then, you switch to a slower cycle motion to get the most milk out - just as your baby would once they started feeding.
On a bottle nipple, if baby starts fast, of course they're going to have issues at first, until they slow down their sucking motion.I regret buying the MAM bottles (MAM 3-Pack BPA Free Bottle, Boy, 5 Ounce) after I learned how easy the Avent bottles are.
This turns into such a pain - literally - when it comes time to take the bottle apart for washing.
This extra thick, screw-on bottom makes warming the contents extra long compared to other bottles, such as Avent.
Once you finally do get the milk warmed and take the MAM bottle out of the hot water, you have to be very careful not to burn yourself or your baby with the steaming water that collected in that screw-on bottom through the vent holes.
Banging it out doesn't get all of it and makes too much noise for all those night time feedings or anytime for that matter.
Using a wash or burp cloth to protect yourself and baby is yet another added hassle and one more thing to maneuver while trying to feed the baby.None of these issues exist with the Avent bottles.
Avent's lids are secure enough and prevent leaking without requiring a 2-hand operation.As an added bonus, Avent has a conversion kit that allows me to pump using my Ameda Purely Yours electric breast pump directly into any Avent bottleMy daughter has been using the Breast Flow bottles and nipples, but we were given one of these bottles as a gift.
The only thing I've found is, we have to replace the nipples more often (but it could be because she is teething).
They are a little difficult to get clean, as they are narrowI thought I need to change the nipples since my baby is already 100 days old :P. But after trying size 3 for four times, I'm certain that this size is too big for him.
He guzzles a 4 ounce bottle in less than 5 minutes, which is HORRIBLE for a breastfed baby.
He doesnt know when hes full and ends up spitting up a ton after feeds.
He also ends up with an upset tummy and is extra gassy because of them.
I wish they made slower flow nipples because I really do like the bottlesI am the Grandmother to 2 infants and 1 toddler.
No excess gas is produced, no bags to fuss with and have to toss away, clean up is simple just as mixing the formula is simple.
No extra parts to have to put inside the bottle and try to remember if you are supposed to boil them or just wash them.
Instead of a hole there is a slot in the top.
I put 1 tablespoon of rice in with 4 ounces of milk initially and then later on increased that to 2 tablespoons (all with doctor's approval).
I highly recommend theseGreat product.
When we finally did switch him (at the proper time) to the next nipple he kinda gagged as he wasn't used to getting so much milk / formula.
But we are still using these nipples just might switch him sooner if he starts to collapse the size he is in so he won't have to suck so hard or get another blisterI got these for my 9.month-old as i had already bought the number 4s and the flow was too fast for her.
Number 3s are perfect for her now at 9 monthsmy child seems to like these i have no problem with them except they seem a lil hard and large also the seal on the bottle has started to get leakThis is our first baby, so everything is 100% new to us, but overall, the Avent feeding system has been a real winner.
However, I can't go above three stars for this particular component of the system.I've noticed that this size ("fast flow" / four-holes / 6+ months) tend to wear out and break before the end of its service life.
We didn't have the same problem with the other sizes, which lasted the full three months that Philips says they would.
(I guess they can last longer, but it is recommended you replace them every three months.)
They are variable, numbered 1,2,&3.
These are greatSince using these nipples my daughter has had considerably less colic.
They are strudy and long lasting and you can purchase them in different stages so that the nipples never get old because before they are worn out its time to change them.
I had a difficult time cutting holes in the regular nipples to allow proper flow of this mixture.
They've withstood numerous washings/sterilizing and they maintained their appearance and function.
We moved to the number 3 nipple until she was 1 year old, when she stopped using the bottle completelyBest price around!
Almost half retail!
When I'm not at work she is breast fed.
Overall, the Avent bottle system is great and I would recommend to othersHold up for multiple children.
I usually hand wash with mild detergent and hot water though I also put them in the dishwasher on occasionEverywhere else sales these for almost $10 each!The newborn (one hole) size is perfect for breastfeeding babies.
Love this brandI live in an area where it's hard to find anything.
Every store had stages 2 and 3, but I had a hard time finding the size 1.
I only wish I was able to use the coupons I hadAfter I dropped a nipple down the garbage disposal while washing I was in the market for a few replacements.
If you use cereal, you will need the 4 hole (6month) to get done in a resonable time!!!
!formula normal eater= 3 hole (3 month)Formula slow easter= 2 hole (entry)Formula normal eater with Cereal= 4 hole (6 month)Our girl eats formula, and cereal with veggies anf fruit.
she does not get cereal in the bottle, as it took to long, but when she is ready to eat quickly we will go to the 4 hole (6 month)nipple.All in all, beast the rest, buy the bestI still use these nipples for my 1 year old when I have to pump from time to time and he's never had any issues with them.
It took him a little time to get used to the faster flow, but he does fine with it now (five months old).
I'm trying to breast feed and sometimes he just gets impatient with me (I have a low supply) and wants the bottle.
Sometimes I oblige depending on how loud he is and how tired I am.But these are easy to clean and switch out too.
He took to the Avent nipple right away.
Does not interfere with breastfeeding.
Our baby never did the jump to the largest ones (I.e.
The thing is that, at the end of their lifetime, the 2 holes on top widen and allow more liquid to go through.
When that happened, the baby would refuse to drink anymore and it was really frustrating.
I'm not knocking off any stars on this review because it is not really a defect or downside.
My doctor said I could start my daughter on rice cereal at 4 months.
Spoon feeding was NOT cutting it.
I had heard of people putting holes in the nipples of bottles to allow the rice cereal to move through, but you run the chance that you can't control the flow.
So I purchased these and replaced the nipple that comes with the bottle.
She is no longer wanting to eat every 2 hours.
She also is actually NAPPING longer.
I know it's a myth but I have noticed a slight difference!A few things you MUST remember when using rice cereal1) Experience shows mixing rice cereal with breastmilk you will have a thinner mix.
As it sits gets thinner.
Rule of thumb is 1 TBSP of cereal for 4 oz of BM/Formula.
Now remember # 1 above, BM is thinner!3) Avent bottles: Biggest complaint is leaking.
If you look at the nipple, there is a small seal at the lip of the nipple which is what PREVENTS leaking.If you're bottle is leaking?
Unscrew and try again.
Test it by shaking the bottle over the sink (this saves you from messy babies!
Never had it leak twice in a row on me.
With him I got frustrated about the leaking UNTIL I found someone else's review sharing this information.
Please keep it in mind.
As with all products, there can be "user" error at times.
I am sure some leaking is the actual bottles fault, defects do happen.Also, why Avent?
I love the playtex dropins bit more expensive overall but I have NEVER had a leak, plus clean up is a snap if you are a VERY busy mom like myself!Best of luck on bottle feedingvery good product this brand offers quality products and have bought several for baby products sincerely recommend this brand, it is best for babies and childrenWe brought these nipples based on all the raving reviews and write up's online.
However our newborn is now here and wasn't putting on enough weight.
Our pediatrician told us these are the worse brand of bottles on the market for newborns and shouldn't be used until the baby is at least 5 months old.
The reason for this is because the nipple is too large for a newborn to latch on to and they're unable to get enough.
We are now using the Medela nipples instead and he's feeding so much betterThe slow flow are recommended for breast fed babies since the flow is similar to breast.
4 ounces gone in under two minutes.
Too bad there isn't a way to slow her down other than taking the bottle out of her mouthThese nipples are perfect if you add cereal to your baby's formula or breast milk.
Very satisfied with the product, Right now moving towards sippy cups, good luck with thatGood product, usefull!!!
These Avent #1 nipples have the same problem: they are just too darn fast.
I guess every infant's needs are differentI wouldn't know if this product works or not because it doesn't fit the bottles I have bought from the same company, i.e.
I gave it to him with the II mark facing him.
Will continue to purchasedon't waste your time trying to find a cheaper, generic nipple for your Avent bottles!!
it doesGreat price!
I wish I would have ordered several more packs.
I wish they were sold in a bigger quantity pack besides 2 or 50.
I can't find them anymore where I live and to be honest was not to pleased with the product, since the bottle is small you can only fit like half tub of baby with an ounce at most of formula with it.
Never failed it would leak and make a mess everytime I used it but since it was the only way of feeding my little one I put up with it.
Sometimes he can take the 3 size but this one is the most comfortable withThis are a little harder consistency than the size 3 nipples, which is good because now my 6th month old daughter is sucking too hard on the size 3 nipples and they are caving in.
Perfect for 6 month oldsDo yourself a favor and save some money.
I use it with my first daughter and with my little ones tooOur son has bad congestion and it takes a lot of work for him to eat.
He was eating anywhere from 30 to 120 cc before, now he is eating 150+ because he isn't expending all his energy trying to breathe and suck at the same time.
It's also cut down on the amount of time it takes to feed him.
Have not noticed more spit up or gas with the level 3 compared with the level 1.
I also turned it upside down and instead of a slow drip is was a stream.
It took him about an afternoon, but we have a lot of furniture.
Cheaper than I could find anywhere elseLove these!
These worked much better and holdWe purchased these straps for four bookshelves lined up on a wall just a bit longer than the shelves.
The only thing that worked for our shelves was centering each in front of one stud and hooking one strap to the back.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any other options that didn't involve using a stud (I anticipated this problem).
We have had them attached to the wall for about a week now and they seem as though they'll do the jobThese brackets were very frustrating to install.
Thanks for the great reviews for helping me see these straps were the ones to buyI feel these are more durable that the plastic zip tie looking ones.
If it had fallen on him I doubt he could have survived.
We'll be buying moreWe had a bookshelf in our daughters room that we didn't want her pulling over, and these worked great.
My husband said these were pretty easy to install (and he's not the handy type) and that they took no time at all.
I followed the instructions carefully, drilled pilot holes, etc., and I still had difficulty.
I didn't need to predrill either (I know you're supposed to, but most of us don'tI purchased several different types of anti tip furniture straps, this was the most expensive, but seemed very sturdy.
Bolt down furniture so they don't get hurtWe finally broke down & secured all the furniture to the walls recently.
We ended up buying 2 more sets of these since they're much better than the stuff that usually comes with the furniture (& definitely much better than the ikea standard ones).
Much easier & much more secureWas able to secure a 6 foot bookcase without any issues.
Screws were not a problem.
Always possible for a long screw to break, just drill a pilot hole.
They hold everything to the walls and you don't see them which is an added bonusYou can never be too careful when you have toddlers at home.
However, these come in handy since most little ones are big into climbingI bought 3 types of furniture straps so that I could compare them.
Very Sturdy plastic.
The first one is that it's difficult to install.
You twist and twist and twist all four of the touch points, and if you don't do it just right, the gate will be wonky or pop out of the wall.
Also, the two touch points on the bottom for some reason fall out of the gate when it's not installed, so if you're storing this gate or not using it all the time, it's super easy for one of those things to fall out in a closet or something, a toddler to walk off with them, and then never see them again, and then your gate is wonkier than ever.
With stairs, it's difficult to get it level and tight between a banister and a wall, especially because banisters don't have a lot of flat space for the touch points, and secondly the step pedal often ends up not on a step, and so when you step on it, it can pull the gate down again!
It seems like now a gate that installs permanently would have been a better choice, but I got it for my mom's house so she can just put it up while we're in town and take it down for the rest of the yearI thought it would be a breaze having a hands-free gate.
Which requires hands to operate.Nothing wrong with the gate itself, but not as convenient as I thought it would beIt's been less than a year and now for some reason we're having a really hard time closing 2 of the 3 gates (the ones weuse most often).
Not sure why this is, but we have to bang really hard to get the gates to close.
We tried fiddling around with it, reinstalling, but still stiff and hard to close.
We have another Dreambaby automatic closing gate that was not that great to start with but that at least performed the same for 4 years.Original Review:First of all, love Amazon.
2)It is also nearly impossible for a toddler to get through because you need downward weight to open it.
The Amazon photo is incorrect and one of the pics shows the older version, which they do not seem to make anymore.
I was REALLY looking forward to putting it up and containing my crazy toddler, but now I have to wait on the mail man to bring the extension kitI bought this product as a dog gate for my boston terrier puppy.
Our other gate I was having to step over each time and it was a real pain.
Unfortunately it did not work in my very unusual doorway.
it was very easy to install - I did it myself in under 10 minutes.I love the idea of the pedal, who wants to mess with handles when your hands are full?I did read some negative reviews before purchasing this gate but most of them seem like user error... it clearly states in the instructions that this gate is not to be used on stairsUPDATE: I have been using this gate with the New Baby.
Matter of fact I am about to buy another one this weekend to put upstairs.I used this gate for both of my girls and eventually a little girl that my MIL babysat.
I am now 4 1/2 months pregnant and will buy a new one.
I have no doubts or bad things to say about this gate.
She isn't heavy enough for the peddle.
The others that I had held up when she would do her monkey in a cage routine but this one would rip out.
We did tons of research and finally settled on this one.
We couldn't be happier with our pick!
The hands-free option is an absolute must if you're getting this because you have small children.
They're not great but definitely better than just the bar.
Like other reviewers, I should mention that when you order the extension it's only ONE extension (I think about 5 inches or so), not two separate extensions, which is a little misleading in the description.
Also, when you pull it out of the box it appears be bent, but it's made that way and it works once it's in.
I recently moved it to a doorway and spent just 15 minutes (since I am now an experienced baby gate installer).
It is tension mounted with no hardware or tools required.
It does come with a little plastic wrench, which is useful for the final tightening once you have the gate in place.
You have to stop and use your hand, foot, or knee to push it all the way closed - at least on mine.
Well, there is one place she could; if she ever messed with the foot pedal near the bar that it's connected to.
I have found that if I get my foot too close to that bar when operating the foot pedal, I get a good pinch.I am using the gate in a doorway and the door is able to close normally.
The hall is 38" and one extension did the trick, but the extensions are about $16 so it could get expensive if you needed to make it wider.
The manufacturer recommends only going up to 44".
It keeps him in and our 3 dogs out.
Fits very snug...it isn't going anywhere.
I bought an incline stoop thing for the bottom, and I did put a couple of screws in the door frame where the top compression feet meet just to keep them from pushing it out.
And, the lever action foot pedal is a little heavy for smaller adults, but man this thing has taken a beating and never failedI purchased one of these back in 2003 (for our dog).
Now I wanted another pressure-mounted, hands-free gate for our toddler and this is the product I immediately thought of purchasing.I was extremely disappointed when I received the gate and realized that there is no longer a ramp to help prevent tripping over the lower bar.
I thought that feature was one of the main advantages of the older gate version.
Why would the manufacturer discontinue that?
Kudos to Dreambaby for thinking of selling such a product.
I wish The First Years product manager would reconsider including the ramp with this gateThe hands-freeness of this gate makes me so happy.
I can walk through it with a baby in my arms and other junk in my hands, and I don't have any trouble getting it open.
The foot pedal requires a lot of pressure, so my five year old has a hard time getting in and out, but that is okay because sometimes I want to keep her out of the kitchen, too!
The installation was a breeze, and the gate has not moved a millimeter since I put it up despite being pulled on by both the baby and the five year-old.
It is so easy to install- did it myself and I'm not usually good at putting things together.
It doesn't leave "marks" on the trim or "damage" the walls... some reviewers must be over-tightening their gates if they're having that much trouble.
It also has NEVER shifted out of place- ever... and I've had it in a high traffic area (where it's used over and over throughout the day)for nearly 3 months.
Great gate- worth the moneyWe had no idea there were so many (confusing) options to buying a gate.
This was the ONLY one that did what we needed without any extra bells and whistles.
We really didn't want to have a situation where the electronics might fail (or just need new batteries), so this gate was the winner.
It took minutes to install and it couldn't be easier to use (I was weary of the foot petal at first).
Because it fits smaller openings, it makes for a very narrow gate.
I could be in the bathroom watching him in the hall as I did my hair or cleaned, without him getting into the toilet or pulling the blowdrier down.
He learned to pull himself up with this gate, and I feel like it is extremely sturdy.
This gate now is on our baby's door frame to keep 2 year old big brother out during nap time, but still let mommy hear when the baby needs her.
The other reviewers who note that some parts are made of cheap plastic are right - one of the little click thingies on the bottom of one of our two gates get stuck more than it should, but it still works well enough for our purposes.
I suspect that anyone's who broke had the gate in the entrance either too tightly or crooked.
Although Im only 6 months pregnant I know this gate is going to work out great for our dogs when our baby is here.
We've had it up all day and the dogs jump on it with no problem.
The bars on the gate are well-spaced so even small infants shouldn't be able to crawl through.
Also, over time the gate tends to bend a little, so you should use the little wrench-like tool to adjust it when necessary.In short, a very good gate for keeping kids out of a certain room.
Who wants to step over a gate?
Not only did I find it not TOTALLY hands free, but it blocked her bedroom door from completely closing.
Right before we moved in, my daughter ran into the gate (wasn't hurt, thank goodness) but it broke apart.
Not only was the outside covered in plastic, the entire hinge was made of plastic!
We bought 2We have a 1 year old and a 4 year old, and neither one of them can open this gate because they are not heavy enough.
It would be the only gate we purchase only if it could a bigger areaThis gate is so much easier to open than the other top-latch gate we have.
I really like it a lotIt's decent for the price until you find that it doesn't fit a regular sized hallway and have to spend another $20 for the extension.
And after measuring and you think using the gate with both extentions will just barely fit, try it, but more than likely it will be wobbly a bit.
Just keep that in mind.
Just take your time and get things even and straight.
It doesn't take long to set up, 15-20 minutes tops.
It's odd at first to get used to the foot petal but once you get used to it, it's a lifesaver!
We have the Clear View Gate on the playroom which we love but for the kitchen doorway we needed something wider and more convenient with the smaller swing door since we use the kitchen more.
The bar on the bottom took only a couple days to get used to and with the ramps on either side it helps with not tripping.
Sooo worth the money since these things can be used for yearsI bought two much cheaper gates before buying this one and really wish I would have just bought this one to begin with.
It is well worth the money and doesn't fall down when pushed against and the floor handle works really well when my hands are full.
Also, just a note I thought mine was bent when I first got it, but once my husband installed it according to the directions it was perfectProduct delivered on description.
In order to open the gate you have to have a good amount of leg strength that I wouldn't anticipate younger kids havingWe have a pretty wide door frame.
This works well in the space.Cons: The foot pedal length will prevent you from closing the door.
It makes a pretty loud sound when doing so, and so quietly checking in on the baby is a challenge.It's not really hands free because as you enter, the gate swings very fast and so whatever is on the other side, like, the door, is going to get banged.
I'm 5'8" and I felt like I was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so I wouldn't end up bumping it every time.
I wouldn't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it.
(This certainly won points from my 6'2" husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others).
You have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
I figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out.- This gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths.
The gate has about 2.75" pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions (more 2.75" spindles as additions - 2 per box) to provide the most width flexibility.
Because all the gates become "weaker" if the posts are extended too much, this one seems the sturdiest in my doorways.
if the gate says it fits up to 37" and your door opening is 36.5", it won't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34").- It doesn't have its brand name printed on it anywhere (a plus in my book) so it's totally white.- It has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1" high (seems less of a tripping risk).- This is the one that has the highest rating from Consumer Reports.
(Child safety gates 8/04)- Unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.- I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.- It's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller.- All in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included / gate is 36" Tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"- This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal.- The gate opening is about 19" - which I thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.- The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.- It does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.- However, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
And the 5" extension was too big to add.
We bought this for use in a doorway, but the foot pedal stuck out so that we never would have been able to close the door.
We don't have any children, but we do have two dogs and two cats.
The dogs are constantly trying to get at the cats' food and litter box.This gate is actually a replacement for another gate we had to keep the dogs out, but it was flimsy and hard to maneuver around.
I just got rid of our superyard gate.
It is plastic but still it hurts!
It's worth every pennyI love the idea of this gate but was not able to use it due to the hard wood flooring - decorative baseboards.
Thought it would clear it , but it did not.
I just purchased a toddler bed for my child and the gate is used to keep her in her bedroom at night.
To open it, all you do is step on the foot pedal, which is needs weight to open.
The only problem I have now, is that my child closes the gate all the time.
When it's suppose to stay open.
IN the living room and to keep the dog OUT of the living room.
We are buying a third one of these to keep the 15 mo.
old out of the laundry room.
I really like the hands free foot peddle.
I've had it for more than six months and haven't had any problemsI have researched every gate on the market at this point.
I thought that he would have to turn sideways to get through the door and would not like it once used on a regular basis.
So far we are very satisfied customers and my husband can walk straight through the opening so the width meets our needs better than I anticipatedWe got this gate because we recently got 2 puppies, and have gated off all areas of our house so that they don't run all around the house causing havoc.
However regular gates are such a pain, having to step over them, is a hassle.
It works in both directions!
I was skeptical the pedal was baby-proof, but letting my son (who is the median weight of a two and a half year old) put his full weight on it didn't budge it a bit.
The design is also very attractive; nice thin white metal instead of the usual lattice-work plastic on most gates.One comment on an earlier negative review, where the Grandparent indicated their 15-month-old could pull up the foot pedal: this cannot open the gate if the top is properly tightened!
This is easy to do, and I found that when I tightened it up as the instructions indicated, the good fit of the latch became excellent even with a slightly-irregular-from-vertical door post.- the opening might be a little narrow compared to some other gates; it took a bump or two on my calf to get the hang of, nothing terribly difficult or painful.- the extension might not be necessary if you have an opening that's right on the cusp of the suggested 29-34" door opening; if you have an opening right around the maximum, I'd recommend installing it without the extension first to avoid having to make a return for a possible un-needed extension.
Installing and de-installing the extension, as I noted, is a piece of cake.- this is not "portable" the way a simpler gate is, but can be de-installed and re-installed in less than two minutes.
The opening seems a little narrow, but overall it's not badI RECEIVED THIS FOR MY BABY SHOWER AND AM VERY PLEASED!
I highly recommend it but I also have metal door frames so I don't know if this would dent the wood in a regular door frame.
Though I think a small dent would be better than a screw holeI love how easy this gate is when walking through with my arms full of sleeping baby!
Not only does this gate confine pets and babies/toddlers/little kids, it seems to be adult-proof, too.
Every single adult that has come into my house has hesitated at this gate because they couldn't figure it out.
So yeah, having to patch that sort of defeated the purpose of avoiding a gate that required mounting hardware.- Pedal can get "stuck" and become temperamental.
I think this also causes problems with closing.
If I had to purchase a replacement gate, I wouldn't hesitate to get another one of theseI really love this gate.
Installed without any problems, adjusts to fit any door way in our house (old house, nothing is even...).
No complaints after 3 months of useShe said it was easy to install, she had to do it her self because her hunny was in Iraq.
My 19 year old grandson put it up for me as a means of keeping our dog limited to a certain area of our house, and to keep the grandkids in a more controlled area as well.
We have an old house with the cut glass doorknobs and the door knob thingies are hit or miss on them.
It's pressure mounted but it held up quite well to my girls shaking it in protest.The problem is with our baseboards... and I think most people have baseboards like this so it seems like a huge design flaw.
We have really wide 6" baseboards (not common) but at the bottom of that is a bit of round molding, maybe an inch, inch and a half high - and this is where the problem came in - and don't most houses have this??
What happened is the little pressure-mounted pads to hold the gate in place had to sit above these moldings, leaving a gap beneath the gate.
My husband slid a block of wood beneath this gap (actually one our window props, gotta love old houses!)
which seemed to fill the gap nicely... until today... when I went to open the gate, the wood went flying out, the gate slid down, the pressure pad stayed in place... so the bolt that adjusts the pad bent, and now the whole top of the gate seems cockeyed.
Not sure yet if I can fix it - I can't figure out exactly where the issue is.This gate seemed like a good idea... but you need to find a way to fill in the gap underneath, or else it will creep down over time as you push the pedal, and the whole thing will pop out like mine did.
I'm giving it 3 stars because I think it will work awesome if you don't have those moldings, and if you can think of a good way to fill the gap if you do (I'm thinking maybe zip-tying the wood to the base?)
I noticed in someone's "add your own picture" picture they mentioned cutting the molding to make the gate fit.
You should not have to cut your wood work!!!
Isn't the whole point of a pressure mounted gate so you don't have to alter anything?
Make sure you fill in the gap underneath!
I've kicked the bottom bar while going through many times!
The opening of this gate is also slightly narrower than the other gate.
This one is also a little taller.
But the primary entrance/exit to our house is via the kitchen, so we needed something easy to open with your hands full.
I have two complaints, but they do not outweigh how much I like this gate: First, the gate was difficult to install.
There was one part that wouldn't fit properly, my husband had to bend something with pliers to get it to fit on.
Caused about 10 minutes of extreme aggravation, haha.
Second, the pedal is so noisy when you push down on it!
But still, we really like this gate and the noise problem doesn't change that fact!
Incredibly convenient swinging door.
I didn't do that the first time and I was getting frustrated.
The foot petal requires quite a bit of pressure, and even kept our 6-yr old nephew contained pretty well :)That being said -- their reliability over time is *horrendous*.
The first gate stopped locking shut -- which is obviously a problem for a gate that is supposed to keep a 2 year old out of places.
The problem is that the spring-loaded plastic peg can actually separate from the spring inside the end of the swinging door.
I contacted the manufacturer and their customer support was very good!
That being said -- the issue will certainly happen again, as there is nothing preventing the spring from separating.
This time the foot petal stopped actuating the pin, so the door will not open.
After taking off the plastic assembly for the foot petal, I found that the metal pin which connects the plastic petal to the metal arm was completely broken (in two places).
After putting the pieces together, the issue became very clear -- the metal pin is tapered quite substantially in two places -- which is exactly where the pin broke.
With people putting significant force on the foot petal to open the gate -- dozens of times a day -- is really unacceptable to have such an obvious weak point in the design of the metal pin.The problem with the pin being broken is that there's clearly no way to actually reassemble the foot petal to the actuating arm -- even with a good pin.
Upon contacting the manufacturer's customer service, they confirmed that there is on way to fix the foot petal and there is nothing they are willing to do to address the broken gate.In the end, we regret having bought these gates, and I am rather disappointed that the manufacturer doesn't seem to acknowledge these design flaws in their gates.
Makes you really thinkThis gate is really a great product.
This doesn't make for a secure fit in our doorways, and it is unusable anywhere else.
It's too small.
It fits soundly in doors less than 30&#34; in width, so measure your doorway before you buy.The mounts do not securely fasten onto the gate, so when you move it from doorway to doorway or when installing, these fall out of the gate, and you have to balance these during installation.Yes, there are extensions available, but these are sold as an accessory, and with the combined cost, there are other better options available.I don't recommend this product as we replaced it with a simpler, lower-cost solution.
After several frustrating attempts at finding a decent gate (including resultant trips back to the baby store for refunds/exchanges), we finally bought this foot-pedal operated gate (with 2 extensions) and it works awesome.
Although our son (18 months, ~28 pounds) has an idea of -how- it works, the foot pedal requires far too much pressure for him to get it to open.
This gate should be usable until he's at least 35, if not 40 pounds.
In addition, since it's made of metal bars and not some sort of crisscross pattern, my child cannot stick his toes in it and try to climb over--all he can do is step up on the bottom metal bar, which is only about 3 inches off the ground.As an added bonus, the gate is tall enough to keep kids out but not so tall that my cat can't jump over it easily.Only caveats I can think of:+ You have to tighten the tension screws periodically.+ The gate opening is a few inches narrower than would be ideal, so if you're "wide" like me you have to get used to kind of side-stepping through it.+ By default, the gate makes an audible "click" when it closes, which can wake a light-sleeping child; but with a little practice, you can get it to close soundlessly.+ The wrench provided for tightening is plastic, and once the tension screws get tight the wrench tends to slip off them a little too easily.All in all I would definitely recommend this gate to anyone.
2 months later the foot pedal broke.
This wasn't a bad value but not nearly as good as the Summer Extra Tall Decorative and even the dream baby is better than this one.
I gave it 4 stars only because I was under the impression that it had a knee plate that you could bump to open and mine did not.
I have a 7 year old daughter and she does have a little trouble stepping down on the pedal to get it to work so I think that might take some time.
I am very pleased with this product.
The foot pedal is even hard for an adult to open if you don't put your entire bodyweight down on it--making it impossible for little ones to open.
I have tried 4 other similar ones and quickly sent them back.
These ones are a little more expensive, but I've found that after being spoiled with the foot opening contraption of these gates, I simply cannot live without that feature in another gate.
They did not even email me to let me know.
I am very disapointed and I think its odd that they sent a tube of neosporin.
You have to do two things to open the gate -- push down on the foot pedal while pushing the gate forward, but because you can do these without your hands, it is perfect for when you are carrying your little one in your arms.
The material is very sturdy, so even if a toddler tried to pull herself up on the gate, it would not come undone.
We had an opening with no door.
Can't think of a better looking gate to put all around the houseI LOVE this gate and would buy it again.
My ONLY disappointment with this gate is that it doesn't fit well on our stairs.
We live in a small apartment and the wall doesn't jut out far enough from the bottom step in order for the foot pedal to work.
We were able to block our two dogs from the baby in the kitchen and when he's in his playgym on the floor.
I love the fact that you don't have to unlock it and put it aside.
It also swings in both directions.
Love itThis gate is very high quality and a snap to install.
The pressure installation won't hurt your door frames, and my 15 month old daughter hangs attacks it frequently and it doesn't budge.
The pedal operation is ingenious, so much easier to open with your foot when you've got your hands full.
Also swings both ways, so you can push it open whether you're coming or going.Highly recommendColor washed off within one month of use and its a little too bulky for a newborn.
I don't like these type of clips.
If you are looking for a more sturd clip, then I would try the Boogin Head onesI bought this because my older daughter had one just like it about 9 years ago.
Pacifier constantly falls onto the floor.
Very disappointed as it's a cute design and it fit in her pacifier holder.
Now its only purpose is to take up space in a landfill.
It does not work on gum drop brands.The clip doesn't stay closed on most clothingThe product was cheap and easy to attach to my sons' onesies.
I liked that this was not a metal pacifier attachersaves headaches looking for pacifiers that seem to always get lostplus it is cute and doesn't tear clothing when it gets pulled offSince my granddaughter loves Winnie the Pooh , this was just perfect.She plays with the Pooh clip and the strap hold the pacifierI have a medal banister on my stairs and have been having a lot of trouble getting a gate to fit.
We were going to get two, but only got one to make sure we'd like it.
We didn't want to drill any holes and our gate sits at the bottom of the stairs just like in the pictures, only on the floor not the first step.
I'm about to order another one for the top of the stairsThis was purchased for use in a special needs classroom.
Only complaint was my box had no directions in it.
If you have a similar staircase I would say this is the product for youwe wanted a gate for the balcony door and this fit perfectly!
They seem to be of very high qualitySo this gate's latch is slightly annoying but it did the job and kept my child off the stairs.
Like this product and would purchase againAfter trying 3 different gates (that all had high ratings on Amazon), this is my favorite.
(This certainly won points from my 6'2" husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others).
You have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
I figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out.- This gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths.
The gate has about 2.75" pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions (more 2.75" spindles as additions - 2 per box) to provide the most width flexibility.
Because all the gates become "weaker" if the posts are extended too much, this one seems the sturdiest in my doorways.
if the gate says it fits up to 37" and your door opening is 36.5", it won't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34").- It doesn't have its brand name printed on it anywhere (a plus in my book) so it's totally white.- It has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1" high (seems less of a tripping risk).- This is the one that has the highest rating from Consumer Reports.
(Child safety gates 08/04)- Unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.- I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.- It's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller.- All in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included / gate is 36" Tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"- This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal.- The gate opening is about 19" - which I thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.- The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.- It does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.- However, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
And the 5" extension was too big to add.
I'm 5'8" and I felt like I was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so I wouldn't end up bumping it every time.
I wouldn't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it.
An appropriate price for the quality would be around $50.PROS:-Adjustable size-Door swings both in both directions-Door is pretty easy to open-Pressure-mounted (no damage to walls)CONS:-You have to lift the door as you open it.
This gets to be a bit of a pain-Not as sturdy as a hardware-mounted gate... it loosens over time so you do need to take minute to tighten it up periodically.Other reviewers have commented that the bar across the bottom is annoying.
I actually find it to be fine.
You do have to step over it, but it's only about 1" so it doesn't bother me.I will update this review when my baby starts walking...
I'm hoping that the pressure mount will be strong enough to hold up to a toddlerWe got this for a one step down into a den.
Well, this gate has a metal plate across the bottom which becaome the cause of many trips, baby included.
Also, the handle mechanism actually fell open/aprt.
It did it a total of 4 times before we just took it down.
DH too.
Also, when walking through, when you turn to close and push down, sometimes the plastic didn't go under the red tab, totally defeating the purpose of the gateThis gate is much better than most on the market.
The design allows it to function well as a gate, yet allowing foot traffic through by the inclusion of a lockable door in the unit.
The gate is made of metal, but I deducted 1 star due to the locking mechanism being made of plastic.
Another thing about this gate that I like is the flexibility offered by the availability of extensions -- it is possible to mount this gate pretty much anywhere needed.
Installation was not difficult at all.
I would recommend reading through the entire instruction booklet and looking at the pictures in the back first, but the entire installation only took me about 15 minutes, and that was with my 3 year old helping me.Things I love:1.
This is very helpful when trying to get through with a baby on one hip and a laundry basket on the other)2.
Ease of installation (seriously, this was a very easy install requiring no additional tools)Things I would improve:1.
My 3 year old is an escape artist, and he has already figured out that he can push several toys over to the gate and climb over it.
I understand why they did it (1 set of pictures for several different languages), but it would be nice to have the corresponding pictures located on the same page as the instructions.All in all I would definately recommend this gate to anyoneThis is the second Kidco product I have purchased.
Let me start by saying that their products are some of the safest out there and I have every confidence in the security of the gates I have installed.
So, instead of including another set of screws that would've cost them about $0.90, Kidco likes to make busy parents go buy that stuff themselves.Well, this gate has its own torturous surprise for busy parents who are trying to multitask every hour of the day.
I mention this because I will go back and get another Kidco gate - I feel more comfortable knowing that it will hold up to two toddlers hanging on to it and I don't have to mar my walls.I recommend this gate and would purchase it again (even new).
AND I LOVE IT!For me, it is extremely comfortable to use.
I've used it for short and long periods (all day) of time and haven't had any problems.What I love about the Baby Bjorn carrier is that it's so easy to use alone.
The Baby Bjorn is simple to use, distributes the weight of baby evenly over both shoulders, and lulls the little one to sleep very easily.
I've seen Dad gain confidence taking charge of the little guy and strut proudly with the little one attatched to his belly.
While Baby gets the benefit of being close to Daddy and getting a feel for Daddy's rhythm and hearing Daddy's voice up close, Mommy gets the benefit of a break once in a while!
We used it at the State Fair this year and I can't begin to list its benefits over a sroller!
If you're debating between getting this or buying a sling, buy the Bjorn, and custom make your own sling (or find someone who does).
Now that baby is around, I love putting him in the carrier and taking him around, not just because I can free up both my hands, but mostly because we get to spend quality time very close together, and the movement when I walk seems to soothe him (unless he's hungry, of course!)
So we purchased the NoJo sling, which my husband found pretty comfortable but I never really liked because I felt the weight was not evenly distributed.I am in good shape, work out and lift weights, but on long walks the Bjorn carrier really hurts my shoulders.
The straps cut in when I wear it for power walks, which was the purpose of my getting the carrier.
I'm fine for about 20 minutes to a half hour, but after that I'm constantly tugging at the straps and trying to evenly distribute the weight.For this reason, I'm looking into getting the Bjorn Active which appears to have better padding.
My suggestion would be that if you really want to be active with your carrier, be careful to get something with good, comfortable shoulder padding.
Your shoulders are carrying the weight of your child in this carrierI got this carrier as a baby shower gift and it has been truly a great gift.
It also makes my life easy with my two little ones - my toddler is in the stoller, and the baby is in the baby bjorn - and i don't get tired of it no matter how long or far we end up walking.
I never thought I would use it.
I used to go to the grocery store with my daughter in her car seat (she is 3 months).
She would do nothing but cry!!
What a surprise.
I got to shop for all the things I needed at the grocery store!!
She also falls asleep in it!
Must HaveI really wanted a soft carrier, and the Bjorn had great reviews... but it's pricey.
When he was little, I would put him in it, expecting him to sleep peacefully like so many other babies I had seen.
More often than not, though, he would thrash his head around and mash his face into my chest.
I use this mostly when I am out and shopping, rather than putting him in his baby bucket in the cart.
Dealing with a baby who is teething but lacks the developmental skills to hold and use a teething toy is maddening - so this is a great little side benefit to the carrier.The first few times I wore the Bjorn, it did feel a little hard on my back.
(He's a big 4 1/2 month old...)I have no fears of him falling out of this thing, it holds him quite securely.
It's a little akward getting him into it when I am by myself and want him to be forward facing - but he doesn't seem to mind being flipped about and arched back over my shoulder for the little bit of time it takes.
It would be nice if there were some way transfer the baby from person to person without removing him from the Bjorn, but doing so would probably make the carrier a lot less secure.The longest I have ever walked using this carrier is about 1 1/2 miles.
At about that point, we both start to get a little fussy.
Also, his hands get really cold, I think because the top edge of the carrier cuts into his armpits and cuts off circulation.
This size works just fine for both my husband and I, but I really find it annoying how you have to pay so much extra for just two more inches of material if you and your spouse are very different in size.One more sort of so-so point about this is, they say you can use it for nursing, but I can't understand why you would want to.
I understand how to do it in theory, but I have never tried it and doubt I ever willI've only been using this for a month and this product has made my life significantly easier!
I put him in it when he was fussy and I needed to get things done, or go out.
My son loves to fall asleep in it while I am working.
However, as my kids got older and weighed more, I find that if they if they place their weight too much to one side it does tip over.
My biggest problem with the stool is that the underside of the stool is made with a plastic grid and once my son fell on it when the stool was upside down and had to go to the hospital and get stitches in his knee.
I obviously haven't thrown mine out, but I wouldn't buy another one & it probably should have gone into the trash after a visit to the emergency roomThis is a good step stool.
But out of curiosity I stood on this to see if it really could hold an adult (170lber) and it sure can!
It's large enough for my 3 year old to get both feet on comfortably but not so bulky that it gets in the way in the bathroom.
I love that the entire stepping surface has treads for little feet, tooWe have two of these and my toddler totes them all over the house to climb up on things.
It seems indestructible.Some reviewers complained that it tips if a child steps too close to the edge.
With these instruction the stool has worked like a charmIt is a stool, yes, but I think it has been used more as a side table to her little chair in the family room until recently.
Light enough for her to carry around, which she does to reach things.
Now that she has become interested in the potty though, she has taken it into the bathroom and left it in front of the potty permanently.
My only problem with it so far is she is small statured and potty training early which means she has a little difficulty getting on and off the potty, even with the stool.
The stool is just a little short for her and I wish it was bigger across because several times she has tried to step down onto it and she catches only the front edge and it tips forward.
So, quality gets 5 stars, size only gets 3 stars as it really needs to be wider and longer to be a sturdy step baseOrdered this product about 5 days ago.
Must say that I am impressed.
She gets up and gets down smoothly from her regular activities (brushing, using the toilet, etc).Highly recommend it to anyone whose child is about to be potty-trained or can wash hands or perform simple hygenic choresthis barely brings my kid up to the sink height upstairs.
oh wellThis worked perfect for using the potty and for using the sink.
I bought it for him to reach the toilet, but it makes it's rounds all around the house all day so I'm getting more than my money's worthI use it as a stool and it's nice.
But I guess it will be hard to clean the topSturdy, easy for my 2-yr old to move around, and it doesn't slip when she's on it.
Good large surface area.
Grippy top and feet.
My daughter uses it for the toilet and the sink and we haven't had any issues.
Good buyThis product is not the safest step stool for kids especially little kids.
My twins are 2 years old and we recently start using the step stool and the matching potty and to be honest both products are disappointing.
Also the stool is quite small and both of my kids have fallen from it few times because they will step on the corner first and before they get the chance to put the other foot up they are on the floor.
They are loud when you set them down, but I would imagine any stool would beNice nonslip surface and feet make it safer for the little ones to reach the bathroom sink.
It is a little short, but I'm not sure higher would be as safe anyway.
I looked at another step stool in the BRU store when I bought this, and its rubber already looked icky just from people testing it out.
I just wish this company had made this with two steps...one is not quite high enough for the sink we have.Even so, I would recommend this quality productWe already had a plastic step stool from Target and a heavy 2-step wooden one but were not satisfied with either of them.
The stepping surface was only partially covered in non-slip materials and the underside had lots of jagged plastic.
The Target one and the Babybjorn are the same height (6 inches) so if your child needs something bigger, obviously this won't work for you.
My oldest child needs to get on their tippy toes to reach the sink and it works well for our younger child while going potty.
In my opinion, accidents happen.
Sometimes, it has nothing to do with anything.
I would tell anyone this is the nicest one I have every used.
At nearly 3 years old, he can get up-and-down from the toilet seat on his own, but he's still not even close to reaching the faucets on the sink.
However, after several near miss falls on a small, sliding two-step Rubbermaid ladder, I realized that the BabyBjorn one is a safe choice.
And I like the way that it looks too and the fact that ours was made in Sweden (I believe it's now made in the USAWe use this cute little step stool all over the house.
We use it in the restroom so that my toddler can brush her teeth and wash her hands.
I also use it in the kitchen so that I can reach things on the higher shelves without having to climb on the counters or bring a chair in from the dining room.
We really like that it has the non skid rubbery traction on the top and the legs so it's a little more stable.
I would recommend the product to anyone looking for a great little stoolMy toddlers are 34&#34; tall.
The step is still too short for the sink.
Otherwise the surface is wide enough for their feet and it does feels sturdyThis step stool is just right!
Made in USA too!!
Yes, it's most commonly used in the bathrooms for the toilet and sink but the kids also use this in our kitchen and bedrooms.
In fact, we know we need more when we see them carry these around from room to room!Why do we keep buying these?-HEIGHT-Seems to be the perfect height to ensure a balance of safety and function.
My 36" 4 yo can reach sink hardware easily.
Unlike another review I read, I find it hard to tip these over.
You have to try to tip them over or be very careless (if the kids don't place their entire feet on the step).
These are meant for kids but can easily support me (170 lb).-SAFETY-With rubber grips on the feet, they don't move around at all on tile, hardwood, or carpet.
Not only do they have rubber on the feet but the step is also rubberized.
They look at home as part of a toddler's bathroom but look a little out of place in other rooms of the house.-RECOMMENDATION-All my kids love these, including our 18-month old climber.
He wants to wash his hands all the time since he is able to reach!
I have never had a problem with it moving or tipping over.
It seems completely safe, it is pretty innocuous looking, and we have no complaints.
He can't quite reach the faucet yet, but it gets him close enough that with a little adult help he can wash his hands "by himself" which is all we need.
I am confident it will last a long time.
No tipping and not bulky.
Perfect for little feetI looked at a few options before I choose this safe step.
I imagine if your child is not as tall, this stool may be too short.
The issue we have is that it slides very easily on our laminate and tile bathroom floors.
If she is running into the bathroom and gets on the stool too fast, odds are she'll end up on the floor.
He loves having his very own and noticed that they matchToo short for my daughter to put her feet down completely while using the potty.
Too expensive and wouldn't purchase againI looked at the dimensions and thought it would work but another couple of inches would have really helped.
My mistakeI purchased this so I could sit on it at the bathtub while I bathe my son.
It's way too short for that!
This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more accessibleThere is rubber on the bottom for no slip and rubber on the top for no slip as well!
It never budges.
We use it for the potty and sink, and haven't had any slipping accidents.
I would purchase this again for surewe really like this step stool.
my only issue is that its not wide/long enough.
He isn't officially potty training yet, he's still more of a recreational toilet user.
So he needed a stool more for hand-washing at the sink and less for climbing onto the toilet.
He still can't reach the water or the faucet, which frustrates him immensely.
I'm sure that next year we will get a lot of use out of this stool, when my son is bigger and is using the toilet in earnest.
He's not quite tall enough where he can use it to reach the sink in our bathroom, but getting closer.
However, even though my boy is tall for his age, this stool is NOT high enough for him to reach the faucet for washing his hands at this point, he will need to grow a few more inches for that.
Have not noticed any difference between this product and cheaper step stools.
Great product for the price paid.
He carries it to the kitchen sink to wash his hands, help cook or bake and work on projects in the garage.
We also purchased the matching toilet seat trainer for our three year old.
This stool works great in the bathroom for brushing teeth or climbing onto potty.
wouldn't recommendLOVE LOVE LOVE!
The drawback to the grippy top is that it grips to the billion things kids trek around so it perpetually has something stuck to it.
My 2 yr. old uses it to get to the bathroom sink.
It is perfect to reach things that are just barely out of reach - like the top of cabinets with out me having to get out our heavy little step ladder.
I'm sure that my son will love it to when he is a little older to reach the sink and thingsI purchased 2 of these, one for my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law's home as they are beginning the potty-training task with our grandson.
The top is slip-proof and has a rubber strip on the bottom to keep it from slipping on tile and wood floors as well.
He does not use this for climbing onto a toilet, so I cannot tell whether this will work for him.
The non slip service works greatI bought this for my 3 year old to use in front of our elongated toilet.
But it's just too short so it's that not helpful for allowing a toddler to independently wash hands or step up to the toilet easily.
It is light enough for my toddler to carry around and short enough that I don't worry about her falling off of it.
She uses it all over the house, just carrying it from room to room to reach things or to play pretend.
Some of the ones you find at Target that are plastic are very flimsy.
I probably should have 1st tried it out with our other babybjorn step stool - but I didn't b/c it is being used for the bathroom - but this stool is just a little too low.
She can also easily retrieve it and put it somewhere when she needs a little step up.
I wish there was a taller size of this so we could use at the sink (she's too short to reach with just this stool at the sink).
And in the early potty training days she wasn't tall enough to reach the toilet with this either, so I think a taller size would just be really useful.
Also doubles as a seat while you're bathing your kidI read a lot of the other lower reviews about it being over priced, it's just a step stool or the grip is bad or it tips over...........Did you buy the same product?This is a clean looking great stool with good traction and easy to use for little onesIt's a trusted brand which I would highly recommendWhen you pay a little more you get better qualityThis step stool is very nice and sturdy.
The step is exactly as described.
Green, plastic, and lightweight.
Would buy this againMy toddler is 20 months old but is quite tall for his age and has begun using this to try and reach the sink to wash his hands.
The advantage for it is that your toddler can easily step on to it on their own.
The disadvantage of that height is that my 20 month old can't even come close to actually putting his hands under the faucet to wash his hands and I still need to hold him.My recommendation is to know what you are using this for and understand the dimensions of this item combined with the height of your child and about how far they can reach.
The only reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that my two-and-a-half year old is a little on the small side, so this stool would be more helpful to us if it were about 2 inches or so taller.
Other than that it's greatGot this for our first child (read: bought into the idea of buying the whole BabyBjorn potty training line to match).
Obviously the product description already says that so that wasn't a suprise.
This doesn't allow him to get on the "adult" toilet by himself nor can his feet touch when he's sitting on the adult toilet (which: (a) is bad for assisting him w/ #2 since it's better for him to plant his feet and "brace himself" rather than dangling his legs; and (b) this requires me to hold him still while he's sitting on the potty so he doesn't fall backwards or forwards).If you want a basic step stool there are cheaper ones out there that are just as good.If you have a young child, this isn't the best option.
Try a 2-step stool, such as the rubbermaid version, instead.
She plays with it and also uses it to get up to the potty.
Haven't had it very long, but it seems very durable.
Highly recommendThis is a nice little stool.
It's not very high, so I think it would be difficult for a child to really hurt themselves fooling around on this.
I used it once (hoping I wouldn't break it) and it seems to hold 250 lbs.
Granted, I wasn't jumping on it or anything, but it held up and didn't break.
Ive learned my lesson with the cheaper step stools made of thin plastic or cheap wood and wont purchase them again.
I also use this stool to sit on next to the tub while bathing my son, saves my backi use this cuz my baby is too short but already active and wants to bounce/etc.
so i use this under his feet.
later it can be used for potty training, and it is also a step stool in the kitchen area for the shelves that a just a little too high for me.
Of course I'm by his side, but so far, step seems stable for our useLove this product!
Same material on top, which is not slippery, but never sticky.
Cleans easily with some spray cleaner and a paper towel, or toss it in the shower, and voila!
Other stools we have, such as IKEA's F&Ouml;RSIKTIG [ ... ], and Dr. Merry's Potty Pal [ ... ], are much narrower front-to-back (from, say, the perspective of the stool being in front of a sink).
This is important, because toddlers move around, and rarely have a visual memory of where they have placed their feet: the depth of this allows for some foot movement without danger of falling off (much less precision required).
), as I do every time I'm in the bathroom assisting my daughter, who no longer needs the stool to get up on the potty.
I dont think the water completely dries out of them so there is some residue that leaves it susceptible to mildewIn fact, the entire Avent feeding system, is perfect!
Our little one has no trouble getting liquid out and can hold the cup on her own.
Unfortunately they leak all the time.
For some reason they consistanly leak from between the collar and the bottle.
My daughter also found them hard to drink from being that you need to tilt your head all the way back once the cup is half empty.
They don't leakI've purchased many sippy cups in the past 6 months.
All sippy cups leak a little, especially with a child that throws it around like a toy.
Pick up the travel sealing disc accessories and you have a leak proof system for diaper bags.Philips Avent Sealing Discs, BPA-FreeI'm not sure if Avent sells separately the little clear discs that go inside the sippy lid, but that would be great if they did.
I seem to loose mineFirst off, the ad that I saw which I purchased from told me I was getting blue and orange cups, I received mint green/pink and purple/pink.
The material is a sturdy plastic that wears well after multiple washes and being thrown on every hard surface imaginable.
I also like the little plastic piece that goes inside the bottle preventing leaks when traveling.
My only complaint is that the sippy piece is a little hard.
We've got them on her car seat/carrier, and they keep her entertained while we shop, eat out, whatever.
She has managed to stay interested in them for a long time!
Whenever we are out and he gets upset, I pull or swing the bugs and he stops.
Also I wish the 'vibrating' bug went up slower.
Also a great priceI switched these from the basinette, to the infant carrier to the stroller all the time.Really cute how my son would focus on themA friend gave these to me when my daughter was an infant for her car carrier and she loved them.
They kept her entertained on the long car trip to visit family back in N.Y.
There was hardly a peep out of her.
Now that she is out of the carrier I put them on the bar that goes with her walker now she pulls them to her mouth and chews on them.
First she just watched them, then she batted at them, now she grabs & pulls & of course, tries to eat them.
Only problem is that the jitter toy (the firefly) broke a long time ago, before she even got to the point where she could pull it & enjoy it.
Still, she doesn't know she's missing anythingMy 6 month old has loved the lady bug since the beginning.
Here are the pros and cons of the bugs:Pros1) They can be hung from multiple places, including the car seat, bouncy seat, and swing.2) Can be used as wrist rattles3) Brightly colored, keeps my babies attention4) They don't hang down too far, so they don't hit my baby in the face while they are hooked to her car seat.Cons1) The dragonfly is supposed to have beads in its tail that rattle.
I had researched this product online first before buying and was under the impression that the beads were easy to see in the tail.
I was very disappointed when I took this bug out of the package and it wasn't anything like how it was represented online.
The beads may as well not even be in the tail, since they are pretty much non-functioning.2) The dragonfly is also supposed to buzz and vibrate when you pull it down.
It does, but it only buzzes/vibrates for a split second, not nearly long enough for my baby to even realize what's going on!3) The grasshopper is supposed to rattle, but when I shake it, I can barely hear the rattle sound coming from inside its body.
I just was a bit disappointed that they were different than what they were represented to be on the online informationMakes any car ride, just that much more quieterMy 4 month old loves these bugs!
She hasn't gotten the hang of the buzzing one yet, though.
They not only keep him busy but I dont have to worry about him dropping themThese bugs are a lot of fun anywhere.
One of the bugs has a mechanism that when you pull on down on it, it springs back up and makes a bzzzing noise.
He loves itI don't know what I would have done without these bugs.
They kept my daughter entertained for hours while she was in her infant carseat.
The second I put him in his carseat, he starts grabbing them.
When he saw these toys hanging on his bouncer he said his first "Wow!"
:-) Or, whatever he said, definitely meant a big Wow.
I had never seen him that excited before.
My little man was even more attracted when he discovered that the bugs have crunchy wings, they rattle and the dragonfly buzzes.
Just hang them from the bar on their infant car seat and they will be entertained while you do small errands around the house or at the market.
I have washed them a few times already just cuz we spent time some at other ppls homes and their children were chewing and carrying around with the bugs quit a bit.
I just wash them in the sink with cold water and woolite and let them air dry.
Each of the bugs do something diffrent.
We put them all over--her crib, carseat, swing, bouncy seats, etc.
He's 8 months old now and we bring them when we go shopping or out to eat.
She can't really see the bugs when she is in the car being that the handle is pushed back.
The one bug that you pull down and then it goes bzzzzzzzzzzz and back up we have had some problems with, but I would buy these again.
occupies child and keeps them happyWe hung these bugs on my daughter's car seat and swing when she was just two months old.
I pump in my car while at work and this is the BEST idea ever.
Nice long cord allows you to pump in the backseat for privacy.
Do not be confused and get the wrong size of volts.
I think the cut off is 2007.
This car adapter makes it possibleI needed an adapter for the Medela Symphony and purchased this.
I have to wiggle it around for a few seconds before it'll turn the pump on.
I could have a faulty product but it's been too long to return itSo far I've only used mine in the car twice but the adapter works fine and it's really nice to be able to use it while travelingVery necessary and helpful part, would definitely recommend adding to your pumping bag if you're a working mom or find yourself traveling often.
Having this product increased my pumping options and was definitely worth the small investment of costPerfect accessory for pumping on the go!
It has a very long cord so you can use it anywhere in the carNice piece of equipment.
It saved a lot of time on long car trips by not having to stop every couple of hours and waiting for me to pump.
I just used the pump with a cover-up and kept going.
It says that the pump may be more intense with the use of the adapter, but I never noticed a differenceIf you need to pump in the car for any reason:Working full-time, during lunch.Long trips (vacation) during the summer.Privacy.Asking someone to drive, while you pump in the back (cord long enoughworks great with my pump n style and allows me to pump on the go when necessary.
Big fan with my hour commute to work or for family car trips to family- pump and drive and more time with daddy and baby when I walk in the door at homeIf you're a busy mom and don't have a lot of time OR you spend a lot of time in the car this is a must have.
Need to pump every 3-4 hours.
Pleased with my purchase as it makes life much easier for pumping on the goGood price for such a convenience!
Driving down the road with your breast pump attached is one of the biggest joys in life!
:/Thanks for making it possible!No problems with this product.
Works perfectlyThis product great while it worked, but within a month of using it, the metal part of the adapter broke off and I have been unable to use it since.
I used it maybe 4-6 times in that first month - not sure why the metal is so flimsyI purchased this thinking it would be an adapter to hook up the iPOD in an older model car.
I was nervous at first, but this thing worked PERFECTLY!
It successfully pumped my breasts in 10 minutes and it fits into the case next to the regular plug.
I also bought the Medela sanitary wipes to clean the breast sheids since there was no sink near by.
The cord is 8ft long so you can go back into the car.
It will also be great on long trips, too, so you don't get any clogged milk ducts.
Highly reccommendedI am sure it works fine but just think about buying it before you do.
If you are like me, as soon as you were pregnant you ordered absolutely everything you would possibly need.
I do pump and exclusively breastfeed but I now realize I really don't think there is ever a time where I would need to pump in the carI rented a hospital pump, the Medela Symphony, with the hope of pumping at work and on the road.
I haven't noticed a decrease in power, and being able to pump in the car has really kept me pumping longer than I had originally plannedI chuckled the first time I saw this car adapter but after reading reviews I thought that this might be something that would really make my life easier.
The battery pack that comes with the pumps take 8 AA batteries, which only lasted me about 10x pumping for 10 mins each!!
I wish it came with a case, even if it was a cloth bag to store it in the car.
I lost the twist tie under my seat the first time I used itKeep in mind that this adapter is not for new Medela pumps.
No complaints at allGenerally speaking this is a great product, and it's incredibly convenient to be able to pump on the go now.
My only complaint is that the plug does not fit snuggly into the pump, so if there's any tension at all in the cord and/or you move it just wrong, it will come unplugged.
I started using them a month prior to my due date in preparation for breast feeding.
I haven't had the baby yet, so I will find out once she's here if they did what they're supposed toI was really not looking forward to wearing the hard plastic shells I'd gotten from La Leche League to help correct my inverted nipples during my last pregnancy.
Knowing I was in for a world of trouble if I didn't wear them, I dug them out and just couldn't bring myself to put them on.
Then I discovered these soft shells at Babies R Us, and decided to give them a try.
I'm wearing them now, and I can't even see them through my t-shirt or feel that they are there (I actually lifted the shirt up to make sure they were properly positioned, and they were!).
If you have inverted or flat nipples, these are clearly the shells to getI was given some of these at the hospital when I delivered my baby as we were having major latch issues.
They worked so well that now we are exclusively breast feeding and no longer need to pump and use the bottle two weeks later, or one of those annoying nipple shields.
My only problem was that if I didn't wear them e.g.
at night as Medela suggests then the nipples would get flat again, so I purchased an extra set and wear them all the time.
Wearing them 24/7 did cause some irritation initially but breast milk solves everything, and I make sure to air the area out after every feeding and keep them clean and now this is not a problem.
I hope with longer use I won't have to wear them all the time.
I also find that as long as I don't wear anything low cut then nobody would know I was wearing them, I am not on the huge side so I don't know if that makes a difference.
As an additional bonus they are a built in catch for leaking milk.ETA: at 6 weeks pp I no longer need to wear the shells so much, they have done their job and now I am wearing them for maybe 8 hours per day.
I say these are the best thing for a mom trying to breast feed with inverted nipples and I have tryed everything this is the only thing that helpedDue to having inverted nipples and not really knowing how to help that (the nurses and LC at the hospital weren't much help to me at all), I didn't do too well with breastfeeding my first child and gave up after only about 1 wk which made me feel like a total FAILURE.
Heck, I didn't even know I had inverted nipples until the nurses told me!I got pregnant again and really wanted to give breastfeeding another try this time around so I began researching as much as possible to find out what I can do without using those nipple sheilds they give you at the hospital.
I found a blog site talking about how these helped a women in my situation so I ordered them from here.
They do make a weird shape in your bra so I wouldn't be running errands or anything in them but I wear them while I'm doing housework and you can barely feel that you are wearing them.I now feel like breastfeeding will be a much better success this time around because of these cups.
Still have to bottle feed her.
Nice that there are products for this, but didn't meet my needThese really do work.
I waited, and it was quite an ordeal.
You will save yourself considerable misery if you wear them in advance (but not too far in advance, or you can induce premature labor--talk to your obgynThey just didn't work out for me.
Using these with A&D; Original Ointment Tube for Diaper Rash & All-Purpose Skincare Formula - 1.5 Oz between nursings, and pumping for two days with only nursing a few times, was the only thing that worked to heal my severely cracked nips.
They seem to make me leak more, as I rarely leak when not using these.
They also will soak your clothes if you don't empty them VERY often, and then bend over to pick something up!
I can see them being useful for collecting milk while breastfeeding.They are larger than I imagined them being, but they aren't very noticeable if you wear a padded braThese shells saved me from severe pain when my baby was a newborn.
They gave me some time to heal and relax.
I have small breasts so I could wear them in any bra, and I didn't have a huge leakage problem, so I changed the foam twice a day.The only problem I had was that my skin broke out where the rubber rested against it.
I think it got damp and wasn't allowed to breathe because it cleared up within 48 hours after I stopped using them.
However, know that breast shells can increase milk production (ask your lactation consultant or doctor, or just Google it).
My nipples were extremely sore, raw, and tender, and I would tear up whenever my son latched on.
They are a little awkward to get used to at first (think of wearing a 'cup' on your boobs), but I find that they are pretty discreet under my clothes, especially when worn with a nursing bra/top.
My only complaint is that the cups can fill up sometimes (if you have a let down between feedings), and if you're not careful you can leak out when you bend over or to the side, even with the foam inserts.
So be sure to check them, like whenever you go to the restroom.
I nursed three children before I found these and my nipples were so sore that I couldn't even stand the feel of the soft nursing pads against them.
I also like that I could throw them in the dishwasher on the top rackMy nipples were extremely painful in the first few weeks.
My breasts were too large for my daughter to handle for the first 2-3 weeks, so I was pumping every two hours.
Needless to say this wore my nipples out very quickly.
HOWEVER, they also encourage excretion from the nipples and, thus, would fill up pretty quickly.
I think they would work better if you could find a material more absorbant than the foam inserts provided.
It looks really funny.
Not so with SoftShells.
While one feels wearing TheraShells, when wearing SoftShells, you can forget about them.
The only thing what is bad on them are those holes what start already in about a half of the shelf.
Next thing - don't bend over.
I had Raw, cracked, and sometimes bleeding nipples from it.
I actually just passed them off to my best friend who just had her baby and was having similar issues (is that gross?
I was unable to have any cloth pressed against me, which meant I was in pain even going to the doctor's office to be checked out.
This was the only thing that helped me honestlyI couldn't stand the feel of my nipples resting against my bra or shirt, so these were a savior.
The breathing holes allow for milk to leak through when I forget and bend over.
Remember that the opposite breast will let down when you start feeding, and the sponges do not soak up all of my milk.
Also, they irritate my aereolasMy son was 9 months old and we took a 2 hour flight to visit my inlaws.
They let me keep it on my son and didn't say anything during our flights (they probably didn't notice).I would suggest putting the vest on before you get on the plane.
It is so cramped on the plane and it made it a little tricky to get the vest on him.
I was afraid they would see it and make me take it off of him.
So there is an alarm that goes off in the cockpit.
It was very scary since we were ready to land and then all of a sudden we are going right back into the sky.
The description says for 6-24 months, but I cannot fathom a 6-month-old that could possibly be large enough to wear this.
It's enormous.
I could fit it on my 5 y/o on the small setting.
Normally it would not be a problem, but I'm very upset now because I purchased the item on sale and they would not exchange the item for the smaller size even though they were the same price.
So now not only did I miss out on the sale price because I had to cancel the order and order another one, I had to pay to have another one shipped out to me.
Unless your child is huge or near the end of the age limit, get the smaller sizeI absolutely love the product.
It gave me great peace of mind and helped control our little wiggle worm.
Unfortunately, Northwest Airlines gave us quite a bit of grief on half our flights with them.
This was even after we showed the card that specified FAA allowed its use during the inflight portion (not cruise and takeoff).
The 2009 or older reviews should be ignored anyway.
Large neck opening doesn't bother baby.
The toddler size fit him perfectly (he currently wears 12 month clothes).
Their only mention was that the vest was cute.The big issue with this item is its poor construction.
It seems usable again but all the seams are hanging out and need to be trimmed.
It doesn't seem like it will last too many more flights or another washI succumbed and bought this thing out of fear but turns out there's no way my toddler will sit still in my lap for this long and since you can't use it during take off or landing, not sure what the point isWas exactly what I was looking for.
Quilted vest was a little heavy, though.
The baby had on a blanket sleeper so I wouldn't have to worry about lost socks or shoes on the way.
He got pretty hot with the sleeper and the vest on before the plane took off since the air wasn't flowing well and we were all packed in tightWe used this for our very busy 18 month old son.
It was really helpful and served its purpose - made life a little easier for my husband and me as we were also trying to care for our 3 year old on the flightI like it, it kept him secure... except when the strap slid along the seatbelt and unfastned it.
So that meant we didn't use this vest at allC&oacute;modaIt's quite possibly the sleep-deprivation causing me to have missed a complete description of these, but upon receiving them the instructions say they can only be worn 40 minutes at a time.
So they are not a solution for persistent milk leaking; they are really only for collecting leaks while nursing/pumping the opposite side.
It's also quite awkward to pour the collected milk out of these.
So even for their intended purpose I'm not sure they are great; however, I don't know much about alternative methods for collecting leaking milk so maybe it's the best you can do.What worked for me instead was to use Lilypadz Silicone Nursing Pads to prevent leaking from happening at all until I'm ready to nurse/pump that sideI purchased these to attempt to use with my breast pump (Medela Freestyle) to ease the pain and to wear at night.
Neither worked.
The did not fit on the flanges and I lost a lot of milk when I attempted to use them with the pump.
They helped me continue to breastfeed as they eased sore and cracked nipples.
Great job, AventI really wish I'd bought these before the birth.
I got them a few months into breast feeding and loved them.
They are really best for wearing in the privacy of your home as they will be visible unless you're wearing a bulky sweater.
Also, for soar nipples they provide a little relief.The fit in the bra and a hole around the nipple allows leakage to flow undaunted, I found that the fit was good and everything leaked in the reservoir as designed.
that would otherwise have been wasted into my clothingI tend to leak all over the place when I'm breast feeding or pumping so these are awesome for catching and saving breast milkThis is very useful for collecting milk on other breast while breastfeeding.
Good productA must have!
I used it for the protection it gave my messed up nipples after feedings, and for short periods of time, I preferred this over the further irritation of a nursing pad right after a feeding.
But I think wearing it more than a few minutes between feedings stimulated further engorgement (it seemed like the fit was constantly putting pressure to express milk, which I was told later actually sends a message to your body to make more milk...).
I can't remember how long I wore them after feedings to relieve nipple pain, because the feedings were ALL THE FREAKING TIME, and sometimes if my kids fell asleep afterwards, I forgot them on (they were not uncomfortable initially).
Mainly, I would recommend only using these for very short periods of time.I will probably try them again with my next child, now that I've read a little more information on how to use these (like having one on the opposite side that you're using during a feeding, etcBOUGHT THESES FOR MY DAUGHTER IN LAW AND SHE SAID THAT THEY WERE UNCOMFORTABLE AND THAT SHE WAS UNABLE TO USE THEMi was not fully awake (caring for a newborn and all) when i ordered these and thought i was ordering extra breast cushions for my pump (which would be nice) so clearly i did not read carefully and was surprised by what i got.
when i pump or nurse i leak on the other side.
When nursing i would soak myself and my daughter and pumping was not much better, at least my little girl wouldn't be soaked.
my daughter doesn't seem to notice that she isn't getting soaked, she didn't seem to care before but i sure did.i'm so happy with them that i came back to order an extra set for my emergency pump kit for the car.i do enjoy saying its my best accidental purchase so far :-)-Traci (using shared hubbys accountlove those, very useful to calm pain at the beginning and very handy to save milk (and bras) I still would not wear them out in public but great ally for easy breastfeeding and easy to cleanThese are the best inventions for breastfeeding moms!When I first started breastfeeding, milk would leak like crazy on the other side I always thought it would have been nice if someone design something to catch the leak so the milk doesn't go to waste.
I remember I was able to save 1 oz of milk during 1 feeding session.When I am engorged in pain at night, say 4am, and my baby didn't wake up to feed, I no longer have to go wide awake and wonder if I should get up and pump.
(and that is not an easy decision because I'd hear my baby cry every time AFTER I finished pumping!)
Nowadays I would get up and put these shells in and go back to sleep.
Milk would leak out from my nipples and give me some relieve so I can continue to sleep.
The only problem is because the plastic doesn't mold perfectly over your breasts, milk would sometimes leak out on the edges/sides instead of letting the cup catch it.
Back then I was in so much pain and was so sleep deprived that I could not process any advice.
I realized how much is lost through letdown on the other side or when you just have an overproduction.
I would just pop one in anytime I was going to feed/pump when I was at home.
You would be surprised how much gets collected.I just wish they weren't a hard plastic.
It would be nice if they were made with a more pliable plastic or siliconeUnfortunately even when used properly they leaked.
I use them more so the milk doesn't go to waste than to protect my clothing.
If I used them for protection of clothing or for sore nipples I would not have rated them as high as I did.
First, they are not made for really large breasts.
If I were to wear these out, my breasts would look like large mushrooms.
I would recommend these for the use of collecting leaking milk while pumping and feeding only.
I would not recommend these to wear out when you are going to miss a feeding and know you will leak.
Wear disposable pads.
Also, I wouldn't recommend them for the sore nipple problem either if you are large breastedInitially, I purchased the Avent breast pads, thinking they would suffice.
However, I found them to be itchy against my already irritated breasts.
These breastshells were the answer!!!
Not only do they catch all that embarassing leaking milk, but they soothe away irritationThis is one of the essential products for every mom.
These are big and bulky and I hate the design of them compared to other shells.
I only reach these when my other shells are dirty.
They look funny thru my shirt, kinda like a pointy Madonna bra, but who cares when you're in agony from cracked nipples?
My only complaint is that I wish I could wear them all the time.
The directions say to not wear longer than 40 minutes at a time since they put pressure on your milk ducts.
But, I'll take whatever relief I can getMy wife gets a lot of milk leaking from side A when she feeds from side B.
These are in my view far superior in design to the O-cal-ette (which has a hole where the milk will leak out), because they have no hole for the leak to milk out, well actually they come with two cups, one with holes, one without, and we use the one without.
Also they're apparently comfortable enough to put on while feeding.However!These are not 5 star because... they don't hold enough milk!
I would say the Medela's are better for keeping your bra off your nipples.
The Avent are better for flat or inverted nipples.
I opening of the Avent shells is much smaller so it almost keeps your nipples pushed out, however, the Avent definiately show under your bra much more easily.
The Medela are more shallow and the opening over your nipples is bigger so it's almost as if the nipple and the areola are getting aired out.
Both are comfortable and I forget I'm wearing them.
I use the Avent around the house and make the initial latch easier, and I wear the Medela out because they don't show as easily under clothing.
So it really depends on your purpose for the shellsThese are great and help protect my sore and cracked nipples.
Just don't bump into anything while wearing them...ouch!
But I prefer the hard shell to insure my sore nipples are protected.
You can't wear these out with a regular bra because they give you a weird shape.
I wear them to work with my contoured t-shirt bra and you can't tell I'm wearing them.
My breasts look bigger, but there is no weired shape with the contoured bra.
I wear them with my nursing bra when at homethe shells can be used to collect breastmilk prior to feeding your child.
This lets you collect milk for future use and doesn't waste itYou absolutely cannot wear these out in public!
They do not match the contour of the breast at all so there's a totally weird bulge on your boob when you wear them.
So with that being said, if you do just wear these at home, they can be great!
I find that I go the longest without nursing through the night, so this offers a great way to never waste a dropI have a 1 month old and a 2 year old, I wish I'd found these 2 years ago!
My nipples are still a little tender to where the weight of my nursing tank is irritating.
I also itch a bit and worried about thrush, but when I put these on the itch goes away and since it's plastic, I get a nice cooling effect initially.
The only thing is I'd never wear these in public as they make a weird shape under the shirt.
I don't think I could comfortably wear them inside of a bra eitherI use these at night time since my little girl decides to sleep about a 6 hour stretch at night.
I sleep with them on, and they don't move around.
The only problem is that sometimes the milk gets between the silicone and the hard plastic which sometimes causes it to leak and I then wake up with a big mess.
It has only happened a couple times though and I use them every day.
I also wear them during the day when my nipples get worn out from feeding, helps the painGood product for the breast feeding moms.
My wife love this product and we always used AVENT products because of the quality and reasonable pricesI bought these hoping to have a nice alternative to losing the milk that escapes when I become too full but these are definitely not the product for me.
There is no way to hide these things, they are hard plastic and very apparentThey are perfect for collecting milk from leaking, but they give you &#34;Madonna&#34; boobs!
I wouldn't wear them in public.
This prevents chaffing when they are in the first steps of breastfeedingthey r too big an waaaay to obvious to wear.
my nipples were very soar, and I tried to wear these things for a day but they kept moving and actually made my pain even worseThe breast shells fit a bit awkwardly on my breasts.
Not bad though, and they do work well.
They may fit someone else perfectly, everyone is just a bit different shapedI bought a pair of these breast shells when I was pregnant to know the product imagining that maybe I would need another pair after my baby was born.
Well, they are okay, they do what they are supposed to but maybe it was me, but I didn't use them at all.
As a mom who breastfeeds it can be tough when your nipples are sore or cracked.
I put nipple cream on my sore nipples and then wear these breast shields to get a break!
Definitely a must if you are breastfeedingIt made my breasts look funny, it made my nipples more irritable & it left painful marks on my breasts.
Hardly ever used itThese do save mik and allow your nipples to breathe, but there are things to consider before trying...If you have short nipples you should be aware of the following:- The back piece has a hole that is not flush with the breast.
It is about 1/3 inch from the base of the nipple at the areola, so if you have nipples that are short, the milk won't make it into the cup and instead catches between the silicone back and your breast.
If that gap fills up then the milk will go into the cup.
MESSY to remove at that point.- You have to wear a nursing pad over the bottom of these for the reason listed above, or wear a soggy shirt.If you have large breasts you should be aware of the following:- These are not shallow, they stick out almost an entire inch.
I am a 38DDD and these things made me look like I had GIANT mounds for nipples.- These will really press into your breasts and may get uncomfortable for anything over 10 minutes.For all gals with any sized breasts, know this:- You can only wear them 40 minutes at a time, according to the insert, because they put undue pressure on the base of your milk ducts.- When I rest one of these shells in my hand it is bigger than my palm, be aware that these are not small or discrete; you would probably only want to use these at home or if you didn't care if people think you possess giant, puffy nipples.- An hour after I used these my left breast had sharp pains, I PRAY it isn't an indicator of a blocked duct.
FYI: I had no pains before using these.I gave 3 stars because they do what they say, just not very comfortably.
But if you have perky & petite breasts with long nipples, these may work really well for youSummary: Works great for collecting leaked breastmilk and thereby minimizing waste; ventilated shells are great relief for injured nipples; appearance drastically improves if worn with a lightly padded braProduct comes with two soft bases (rings fitting around nipple), and two sets of covers: one ventilated (with holes), and one without holes.Pros:- ventilated shells protect irritated or damaged nipples from contact with clothing, reducing irritation and allowing healing without blocking air from the skin- ventilated shells can collect a couple ounces of milk (if you're mindful of the holes at the top)- solid (no hole) shells can collect 2-3 ounces of milk and have convenient pouring spouts- base is shaped pointing out which is desirable for flat nipplesCons:- soft base (ring with hole for the nipple to fit through) can cause skin irritation if left on too long due to moisture accumulation- outward appearance through clothing varies greatly depending on breast size and type of bra used; seems to be designed to contour with size C at mostI was looking forward to collecting any let down breast milk.
After wearing these shells for a night, the silicone shell left these itchy welts on my breasts that haven't gone away after 2 days.
They were made in Switzerland and the silicone looks clear not yellow tingedI bought these for my wife when her nipples hurt from breastfeeding.
They protected her nips from further pain.
:) I end up saving about 2oz every time I use the shells while I feed my baby so I was able to start my little frozen milk stashAfter I gave birth, my nipples cracked and bled, I was in terrible pain.
Using the ventilated shell my breasts could breath and it allowed the product I used (Lansinoh LanolinB005MI648Cto stay on as long as possible, accelerating healing process.The only thing is to watch out when bending over, the collect milk WILL spill!
;) I had many accidents like this.Going out wearing the shells can be weird, as they give a Madonna look to your breasts.This product really helped me and I highly recommend it for breastfeeding momsThese shells are very useful, they prevent leaks and save milk.
These shields saved my life because I was able to put them on and walk around the house without rubbing against my clothes.
I was able to freeze and store a lot of the milk that collected in one side while nursing on the otherHighly recommended!
These are great for those early months of breastfeeding if you have any painful sore, and/or cracked and bleeding nipples.
I will second the opinion, too, that these should not be worn for more than 45 mins to an hour, because they do put uncomfortable pressure on the breast, and I did develop a minor plugged duct after forgetting and leaving the vented ones on for a 3 hour nap.
I'm a 36DD with, apparently, longer nipples, and these work great for me.
My nipples get a chance to breathe and heal, and I'm able to save letdown milk!PLEASE NOTE though that since buying these, I also recently switched to wool reusable breast pads (LANAcare, Ekstra style, Medium size overnight and Small size for the day) instead of using the cotton reusable or disposable breast pads I had been using, and I really noticed a HUGE difference in my nipples once I switched to wool.
The wool pads contain lanolin, so they soothe the nipple, and because they're not holding the moisture in with plastic (and because wool wicks away moisture so well) it's incredibly healing for the nipples.Using both wool pads AND these breast shells have almost completely cleared up my nipple soreness issue.
Several times I have leaked through my shirt worse with this on because it wasn't sealed right or I tried to kind of lean while my lo was feeding.
Sometimes nice to have but I don't use that often and wouldn't buy againI bought this for the leak side when I stay home, but the shape is weird, doesn't stay on breast very well.
It's hard shell, not soft one that I hoped.
They keep things (such as a bra) from rubbing against very very sore nipples.
They are there to get air to nipple, (you don't want them getting dried out, that just makes the pain of feeding much worse).
I felt that they looked better that two huge wet spots from leakagemaybe it's because I dont have a long torso but I found this product much more comfortable than the milk saver.
Unless breast milk is flowing abundantly, the Avent Breast shells is much more reasonable and cheaper to bootThey are pretty bulky so I never used them.
(I have to confess, there have been a couple of times when I gave it to him to play with because I needed to get some baby-free stuff done!)
I never worry about dropping him when he is in the Bjorn.Our Bjorn has been through the washer and dryer several times and is only showing a little color fading.
it is a little pricey and my ds doesn't seem to like anyone using this product for him except for me.
My daughter seems to be very comfy in it.
If she was fussy I would carry her facing me and she'd be asleep within about 3 minutes of me walking around with her.
She loves to look at everything and everyone and I like having her in it so that people don't try to take her from me - she has stranger anxietyThis is one of those items you must have....I use it when grocery shopping, because realistically you cannot push a shopping cart and a stroller at the same time, nor can you really put the baby in the car seat carrier and have room in the cart for items... Also great for around the house.
The price is well worth itThis product is well designed, and easy to use.
Living in a metropolitan area, I rely heavily on the subway system.
Putting my baby in this carrier, made traveling in the city a lot easier.
I used this product for the first 3 months.
My baby would nap in it, while I ran errands.
Just too heavy.
It's pricey, so try to borrow one from a friend,(as long as the carrier is not more than 2 or 3 years old) if you canI registered for and received the Fisher Price Secure Embrace.
Big mistake it was the most uncomfortable thing that I could find.
Anyhow needless to say I was very unhappy with the Fisher Price carrier and then went in search for a replacement.
I spent the $ and I have to say I haven't regretted it at all.
My son is now two months old and weighs a total of 12lbs.
You get what you pay for, and what you get is:fit--adjusts to fit both me at 5'4" and my hubby at 6'comfort--soft and padded all overease--lightweight, compact, washes easily, packs neatlysafety--well designed to hold a wiggly, heavy babyconvenience--easy to put on and put baby indurability--we've worn and washed this plenty and it's just fineOur baby has loved it since we first strapped him in at 1 1/2 months old; he's 5 months now and loves it just as much.
Baby now faces out, watching people and things go by.
Then just snap and clip the other side and you're off.
Do this in reverse to take him out at the end, then you don't need two people to do it, as some reviewers have claimedNo complaints!
Love this carrier.
I like to go shopping with her in it so that my hands are free.
If he's fussy we just put him in it and he calms down immediatly.
I go for a mile walk every day with him in it and it doesn't strain my backYes, compared to the alternatives (arms, a sling, or a backpack) the concept and design of the Baby Bjorn deserves 5 stars.
And most of the previous 449 reviews have given given it either 4 or 5.And if you haven't yet tried one, and don't yet have one, by all means and without hesitation go out and get one and start trying it immediately.
I don't need the XL straps that one reviewer mentioned, as I'm only 5'8&quot;.
Well, that wasn't the case - at least not in the beginning.
When he was 3 months I tried it again with the front facing position and his arms through the holes.
He liked it better, but could only stand about 10 minutes.
When I took it off I had such extreme back pain I immediately took 2 Alleves - something I never do.
Well, he's a high maintainence guy, so I figured I would give it one more try.
I readjusted everything, and when he was four months I put him in it again.
This time no arm holes.
It was still hard on the back, but I concentrated on keeping my knees bent and a bit of a "pelvic tilt."
We did 20 minutes a day for 3 days in a row.
I have worn it for 2 hours at a time and walked a 5 mile hike in it.
He often just falls asleep in it (and he's a tough sleeper).
He seems to be busting out of it already.
I may try the hip sling - but for now he likes it much better than the over the shoulder type sling and it gives me some hands-free time.
The material under his armpits somehow cut the circulation off to his arms, and no amount of adjusting his positioning seemed to solve this problem.
Otherwise, the carrier was good.
I don't believe I used it enough to justify the $90...I sold it on Ebay for $60 though so overall it was a good dealMy son liked this carrier so much he would even fall asleep while in it.
I liked it too because it would calm him down when he got fussy and it made carrying him much easier.I think it is tricky to get on and off though - takes a little practice.
I did not have him in it for more that 1/2 hour though.
Its also helpful while shopping since your hands are free.
But, its still a great item to haveThis carrier saved me from going crazy!
I couldn't take him out and have him in the infant carrier because he would just cry the whole time, no matter where we were.
Even when he was only a few weeks old, he would happily ride in the front carrier for hours.
Facing in, it kept him close and kept his head steady when he couldn't do it on his own.
My son loves to grab things on grocery store shelves.
Yes, they're one of the most expensive carriers out there, but their resale value is very high...
!Although Bjorns can be used for forward-facing babies or inward-facing babies, it is no longer recommended that you put babies in baby-carriers when they're facing you.
But, once they can hold their head up some, the Bjorn, in my opinion, is much more hassle-free and comfortable than a sling.I find Baby Bjorns most useful at the airport, and other crowded places (the mall, etc.)
I would simply roll up a burpcloth or small blanket to prop my baby's cheek and head up, and he could take a full nap in it on a walkThis infant carrier is great.
I mastered getting the baby in and out both awake and asleep after a couple of days which is great because he falls asleep in it almost every time.
I like that I can go into small shops or the park without taking a bulky infant car seat.
It is great for when I have to shop alone, because I don't have to worry about putting his infant car seat into a shopping cart, which gives me extra room for purchases.
It is very durable and washes well, which comes in handy for spit up and diaper leaks.
She liked it a few times when she was a little older and could face outward.
I really didn't find much use for it, though.
Our first was a little fussy in her first 5 months or soThis carrier feels safe when putting the baby in and taking the baby out because of the strong clasps.
I can take him out in cold weather and feel his body heat against my sweater while covering him under my coatMy baby is 9 months old and I'm glad I have this.
Our baby once fell asleep in it on a 3 mile hike in the mountains!I've used the Bjorn in a swimming pool too- just to walk around in the water and let baby get a little wet.
It is completely washable in the washing machineI really liked this carrier, however, unless you plan on using it ALOT when the baby is small, you won't get your money's worth.
By the time I decided to take him out of the house, he barely fit in it.
It might be a better idea to get a cheaper carrierI think a Snuggly is just as good and half the price.
This is expensive mainly because it is made of great fabric but it is not that important to pay double.
Best bet is to go to the store and try it on and see what you think in person.
You may save money by checking other ones outThe carrier is very secure and I have no fear for my baby's safety.
It is extremely user-friendly.
You don't have to have 5 arms or be a contortionist to use it like you do with some of the cheaper carriers.
You can wear this carrier with the baby facing you or facing out.
However, it cannot be worn on your back like some carriers can.
I generally wear him in it around the house when I am trying to get things done and for short outings.
If I am going to be out for a while, I usually put him in the stroller b/c I find that to be more convenient.
My only problem is that now that he is almost 20 pounds it really weighs down on my shoulders and if I carry him in it for too long I am really sore.
However, it doesn't seem to bother my husband as much.
It is a very stylish, sturdy carrier that couldn't be easier to use.
we ended stopping at a target and buying a snuggli for the weekend.
Our first daughter would be very fussy in the evening and wanted to be walked through the house for the first couple of months of her live.
Honestly everything is going to give you a little back pain after awhile... heck my purse alone does...
I have tried all of the little cheap ones and I figured I was saving money but not I have a carrier collection and only use my bjorn.
After 3-4 minutes he got quiet and within minutes of me walking around in my kitchen he was sound asleep!
It is tricky to get them out of it and put them to bed, you do need another persons help..until you get the hang of it.
Excellent productThis is definitely the best carrier on the market.
It is also helpful that the carrier comes in adult colors.
Sometimes you want to look like a grownup instead of always wearing pastels or items with cartoon animals on it : ) I have tried other carriers and this is by far the highest quality on the market.
When you have a heavy baby and a not so great back it gets hard to carry them in this after awhile!
We are on child #5 and have had a carrier for each one and the last one is definately the best!
I sing in our church choir every Sunday and Luca is in his Bjorn close to me and we have never missed a Mass!
It is always in the diaper bag when we shop because he ultimately ends up in his carrier.
Baby is safe secure and mom/dad has 2 free hands!Great great productWe have gotten soooo much mileage out of our Baby Bjorn.
Our daughter never really liked being in her infant seat and pushed around in the stroller so this was a lifesaver (sanity-saver) for us.
I used this carrier more than I used her stroller for the first 5 months.At first, my daughter would get in, "head-butt" my chest and get more and more frustrated (as would I) but at around 3 months, she stopped doing this and would just fall asleep.
No problem.
The Baby Bjorn is much more lightweight and better designed.
My five month old daughter loves it for facing out when she's awake and alert, and when she gets sleepy I can quickly turn her facing in and she usually goes to sleep.
It is somewhat hard to button on your own.
If we're on a walk and she gets sleepy, we just turn her around and she falls asleep.
We have three dogs, and I need my hands free to walk the dogs, but I like for the baby to come along, too.
I assume that other, lower-quality front carriers might not work on larger women (consider that breast-feeding might increase your size right where you'd wear this carrier).
I didn't think I was going to use it that much but it has really come in handy for those quick trips, that way I don't need to take the stroller out of the trunk.
We live in an apartment and I use it when I need to do laundry, which is downstairs.
My son also falls asleep very quick in this.
The files really come in handy for this.
Results aren't really fast, but considering the price and the fact that most people can't afford an ear thermometer for the diaper bag, it works well enough.The rattle is pretty good.
I got a similar rattle with Winnie-the-Pooh, just to add some variety.The aspirator is good for travel, but get a preemie nasal aspirator for home.
About average for what you're going to find.
It doesn't have an end cap, but it works just as well as the one that comes with this set.You can't go wrong with this set, or one like it.
Whether you use it at home or in the diaper bag, just having these little tools all right there is niceI really like how organized this set is.
I have not yet used the other things but really, the bulb is the greatest thing in the world.
This set has it all.
A rattle to play, a thermometer, a ball syringe.
It is all in one packI use this little zipper bag as a sort of gadget purse for baby health things.
Even with everything in it I can find room for a Desitin tube, a bottle of Mylicon drops, a bottle of Baby Tylenol, Q-tips, and a little sample bottle of Eucerin cream for baby's exema.
Also, on the inside are a couple of pockets where phone numbers are kept on a provided card; I keep a pocket-sized record of baby's immunizations (that my nurse gave me) in there as well.
I have used everything in this little kit so far, except for the dropper.
I keep it in my diaper bag at all timesI really wanted sun shades for my car.
This was nice, but expensive.
You have to place the shade high on the window in the straight area.
Well you miss the whole lower corner of the window.
The sun shines in through this lower corner.
Do not purchase this item.I just recently went out and purchased new shade for my car to cover the corner this shade missesI bought one of these and one of another brand, and put one in each car.
The other one worked great, but the bar at the bottom of this one warped in the sun within the first week.
The retraction spring lasts longer than the more expensive brands.
Yes, it's annoying that it's free advertising for BabiesRUs, but this shade has stood the test of time, so it gets our voteGot these for my baby shower & installed them in my car...they do not block the sunlight at all from the car--might as well have nothing there for all the good they do.
And the worst part is that the support on the bottom of the shade is flimsy plastic & bent within a month from the pressure of being attached by one suction cup so that there are "wings" pointing into my car.
Terrible product & I am replacing them with a better brand.
It is a terrible product.
I threw them right in the trash.
Well, I got what I DIDN'T pay for!!!
This thing does not stick to car windows and even if I made it stick, it would fall down before we even got out of the garage.
They go fine through the dishwasher.
Two thumbs upDo yourself a favor and stick with Gerber spoons or another brand.
I have used them for only a couple months (have a ten month-old who didn't start solids until 5 months).
They are awful.
Maybe reserve the orange one for carrots?
I really don't care about this, so I use them all for carrotsFood can build up around the back edge of the plastic coating.
They do have the advantage of an extra long handle and they change color with temperature, but the plastic coating is too thick and too soft, and the spoon is uncomfortable to hold.
Worst of all, I find the sassy spoons taste like plastic, Yuck.I'd trade them all in for these meal mates spoons.
It is a mess waiting to happen.
Save your money and don't buy these.
I think that saying a spoon's best use is as a decoration says it allI use these spoons a lot for feeding my eight months old twins.
The handle is made of stainless steel while the spoon basin is made of BPA and phthalates-free plastic.
( I emailed the manufacturer to find that out and they responded quickly).
Actually, I found spoons that are made in GB:Avent Weaning Spoons 2-pack, but they are priceyI initially tried the Avent wide-neck bottles for my newborn and didn't like them.
Those bottles leaked, the nipples gave my son suction blisters on his lips, he needed extensive burping, I didn't find the graduations on the bottles to correlate with any other measures at home and my son seemed to have a hard time getting a hang of how to suck against the negative-pressure that builds up in the Avent bottles.
Dr Browns bottles solved all these issues.
I am extremely happy with them.You need to get used to washing the small parts but once you have a routine going it's well worth the effort.
When warming these bottles, if you find the fluid going up into the vent, just loosen the collar, the column of liquid goes back down and tighten again.
If breastmilk is stored in these bottles in the fridge, the fat content does tend to stick to the plastic of the vent.
The caps snap on loudly which is the only 'con' I can think of.
Use the travel disc to avoid leakage when transporting milk.My friend's babies with refulx did well on these bottles.
I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but I don't really have a problem with that.
I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
As to some reviewers complaints about leakage, it's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and I've found that if I unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put the tube back in (basically reassembling the bottle), the problem is resolved.
The adjustment takes less than a minute and like I said, I've only had it happen once or twice.
We have used other bottles, and there are a few that she will use, but it takes a little to get her to feed.
She can feed longer without having to be burped.
Also, they are less messy.
She doesn't leak milk out with these.
I can not compare to other brands but I can tell you that she doesn't spit up, which may be her naturally, but I wouldn't switch from these bottles just in case.
They are more work to clean ,but if you buy enough they can be put in the dishwasher so it really isn't a big deal.
I really think these are a great product and certainly worth tryingthese are the greatest invention in bottles...ever.....these bottles helped my daughter so much....no more gas,no spills or leaks...the only downside is they are hard to clean..but who caresThis bottle is an eye catcher because it's so different.
We got these bottles when he was 3-weeks old and they really do make a difference!
But I think I'm convinced!
At the very least, it makes it easier for him to eat since there is no negative pressure created from suction... the food just flows!
I have no trouble using them, and actually like the thickness of them as I wear them daily.
Overall great price for 2 shieldsAfter 6 weeks of plugged ducts, engorged breasts, and painfully raw nipples, these were the only shields that offered some sort of reprieve.
They had a nice stiff nipple so that you could get really good suction (no worrying that they were going to get sucked into the baby's mouth) and the shape allowed for the most skin to skin contact.
So much so that I would sob every time our little girl latched and fed.
It was horrible for our experience and for my husband to sit by and watch.
Using a nipples shield changed everything!
I will continue to use it the entire time I feed her.
The combination of everything kept me from giving up on breastfeeding and/or suffering through the pain.
My husband had gotten me NUK-barely there at Walmart.
I ordered these (since I had their pump and loved it) and another brand through Amazon to see if they were better, and they both failed miserably.
After trying to use them multiple times, I gave up and ordered extra NUK-barely there nipple shields.
Don't waste your money on theseA lot of lacting consultants hold off on recommending to use this products.
Prevent before being sorry.
This product was very helpful until I created resistanceThese are abit thicker than the medela ones they gave me in the hospital but me and my baby seemed to like them better.
The material is thicker and less pliable than the medela shields.
For me, I like the option to order a different size.
So over all the product works and the price is nice but I found the Medela Contact Nipple Shield a better option for myselfFor my last child I had to use nipple shields for a while and they worked fine.
I don't know if my experience is unique- but I just ordered these with my second child and they were far to big for her- they made her gag.
Could not continue use of productI got these thinking they were the same size as other brands size small..
Boy was I wrong they are smaller than extra small sizes in other brands..
And I feel very pain when I feed her everytime.
I really hope this one can solve my problem but it disappoint me.
I just couldn't get the hang of themThese are ok and worked great for me but be advised, if you don't have inverted or flat nipples and are using them solely for cracked and bleeding nipples, the baby could suck the ends of your nipples through the holes.
It also leaves the baby choking on milk from too fast a flowI couldn't find any comparative reviews on different brands of nipple shields when I was trying to decide which one to purchase.
I ended up buying the Medela Nipple Shield (20mm), the Philips Avent Nipple Protector and the Tommee Tippee Nipple Shield.
It comes with just one shield, which makes it the most expensive of the 3.Philips Avent Standard Nipple ProtectorI purchased this based on looking at the product pictures, hoping that it would not be as high.
Comes with 2 shields.Tommee Tippee Nipple ShieldThis nipple height was the least of the three brands.
In theory, the extra cut outs along the side of the nipple part is supposed to promote more skin to skin contact, but as another reviewer stated, all it did was making my nipples sore because it would get sucked through the holes.
I hope this is helpful to those in search of nipple shieldsNot all nipple shields are created equal... these don't stay on very well, they are thick (not nipple like) and large.
Just fork up the money for a Medela shieldThe silicone was too thick for this, hard to keep it on.
I'm still using them and they saved me a lot of pain.
At the hospital, I was given shields that cover the entire nipple and I wasn't a fan.
The shields we received from the hospital had a round plastic base that would NOT stay stuck on, would leak milk, and was hard to keep off our son's nose.
Plus, because they're not very expensive, we have tons of them so we have a couple for the diaper bag, a couple for the downstairs nursing station, and a couple for the nursery, plus if we accidentally leave one at the pediatrician or something, it's not a tragedyHorrible!
I had trouble with the sides flipping up onto my little boys cheek.
Not the biggest problem ever, but it was distracting to him.
:) The one downside was that my little one would grab hold and pull it off and get milk everywhere.
I was told that nipple shields could be helpful for this.I went with the Avent because overall, I am super impressed with their products.
I can't get them to stay in place and they are really akward.
My daughter dislikes using them and I can't get her to nurse with these.If you are in the market for a nipple shield, go with the Medela brand ones.
My baby has a super powerful suck and also tends to bite down as she falls asleep while nursing (as she often did in the first weeks) and without the shield, i'd get painful damage.
It was pretty awkward for him, but he still managed to nurse and I didn't feel any pain!
Also very durable and didn't seem to get as flimsy as the Medela with repeated washing & sterilizingthicker and make it harder to wean off of for babyThis and the Medela shields are must haves for some nursing mothers.
But feel like the quality of this brand is goodWe had been using Dr. Brown bottles exclusively, but our little one was getting gas and seemed fussy after meals.
So, the bottle sat unused on the bottle rack for a week or so until I found slow flow nipples at a local store.
Secondly, there are much fewer parts to assemble- and wash. Thirdly, and most importantly, our little one is much less fussy and gassy after meals.
So if you're looking for something to address a colic/feeding problem, that's the way to go.
Currently we are using theComotomo Natural Feel Baby Bottleand I've had no problems with her feeding.
She would push the nipple out of her mouth and cry.
After a few tries I gave up trying and switched back to her Comotomos and I've had no problems.
We purchased these and within three days he had no gas and the colic was alot better.
They are a hassle to put togather in the middle of the night so i assemble and fill mine with water after i wash them and just add formula when needed.
Well worth the hassle though :oI tried the Dr. Brown and Avent feeding systems but encountered several annoying problems.
Both nipples flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag, and led to terrible gas and spitting up with every feeding.
I switched to the Playtex Ventaire system, which costs considerably less, and found my solution.
Nor do I have to administer the Mylicon drops with every feeding as I did before!
In short, our feeding experience underwent DRASTIC improvement upon switching to Ventaire bottles.
Ventaire does not make a "wide neck" bottle, which is admittedly easier to clean.
However, I found the big Avent and Dr. Brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.
The bottles are extremely easy to clean - we hand wash the tops and removable bottoms and put the bottle bodies in the dishwasher and have had no problems.My only complaint is that some of the bottles have the ounces printed in colored ink on the side of the bottle instead of the ounces being molded into the clear plastic.
The bottles with the clear plastic molded numbers have more precision (showing mL and ounces to smaller units instead of only having markers every two ounces as the colored ink bottles do).
Not to mention, with the clear plastic molded numbers, I don't have to hunt to find a bottle body to match the top and bottom - I have enough trouble finding socks to match my son's outfit, I don't want to worry about matching bottle bodies to the tops and bottomsAs a single, first time mom to a beautiful 7 week old baby girl who is currently using the drop in system, I wanted to try a bottle that I didn't have to continue to buy things for.
So when I saw these, I jumped right on them, since they were supposes to help with gas and colic just like the drop ins, little did I know they were going to be such a pain!
I read the reviews saying that you could &#34;actually hear the air escaping from the bottle!&#34; This is not the case.1.
After washing them one time and reassembling them like the instructions said, they leaked all over the place from the bottom of the bottle!
Talk about frustrating when you have a screaming baby wanting her bottle!3.
After waiting 10 minutes with her screaming in my arms for her bottle the formula was still extremely cold!
I had to run it under hot water for 10 more minutes for it to not be freezing, but it was still really cold!
And at 2am you don't want to sit there with the water running forever just for the bottle to still be cold.Definitely not worth the money or your time!
Save yourself a headache and don't even consider these bottles for your little oneI'm not sure if they are going to discontinue the VentAire bottles but they are getting extremely hard to find in stores, as well as the replacement nipples & discs.
My infant easily goes back and forth from this bottle to breast.You will have to disassemble these down to clean them properly.
Some prefer this, but I find it a little annoying.
FYI - the Dr. Brown's nipples fit these bottles exactly the same as the Playtex and you can still get those in the store.
Way cheaper than trying to find the Playtex onesWhen I first saw this, I was sure that it would leak, but it just seemed like sure an innovative idea that I bought one anyway.I unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
I was so sure that it would leak if I put anything liquid in it.
It didn't, but I still wasn't sure.So, I washed the bottle in hot water.
I've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed.
It didn't leak.
Now she seems to be somewhere in the middle.
It did work if I loosened the bottom to let the air out while she was drinking, but after drenching her with milk a few times I gave that up.
Eventually that problem went away as baby learned to take a breather during the bottle so that I could vent it.
(She's breastfed)Also, you would think that the way this bottle angles would be a huge plus, but I still have to tilt it too much to get the last 1/2 ounce out, the milk gets caught at the lip, it doesn't smoothly flow in.
But my son sucked on it for 5 minutes and got nothing out of it.
Then I realized that the nipple doesn't just have a hole in it like other bottles do.
It has the slit-type hole, and the baby has to be squeezing the very tip if anything's going to come out.
But we solved our problem by taking the nipple off of the Gerber bottle and use it on the VentAire bottle.
I thought I would never find the right bottle, but Ventaire is it.
We have never had any problems with feeding, she drinks just fine.
The newborn nipples were too slow for her, so we just got the next stage a little earlier.
The main reason?
With regular bottles, it is very easy for the silicone/plastic nipple to contract so it makes up for the milk that was taken out.
With this Playtex set, you do not have to worry about it.
It is very convenient and the nipple does not get stuck to the bottle.
We prefer this set for kids 1 year and older, versus the bulky infant ones, as the kids can actually hold the bottle themselvesI actually like these bottles and we use these for formula and avent for breastmilk, just out of habit.
I think there is a little less burping after using these, but the extra parts to clean when you take the bottom off can be a nuisance.
We have never had leakage problemsWhen i used other bottles.
I was so worried for my daughter.
They were horrible because they leaked (you can't over tighten or under tighten and all sorts of other finicky things) and they also left my baby with lots of gas where he would cry violently.
My girlfriend kept on telling me to try these but I was skeptical becuase people said that they leaked.
I do have to say that the stage one nipple is hard to get anything out of.
There is no spillage from the side of his mouth and he will drink his milk straight and not have to be burped half way so that he can finish eating.
I have never had the bottles leak because I washed them all and assembled them and left them like that.
I do clean them after every usage with soap and water.
Then once a week I take them apart, sterilize the bottles in the sterilizer and boil the nipples and disc.
I immediately reassemble them and then test them with water to see if they are leaking.
It seemed like every nipple had some sort of problem.
Some would choke and gag him, some didn't even work and NOTHING would come out, some were okay... you get the point.
On top of the fact that we had 20 bottles and only 2-3 nipples that worked the way they were supposed to.
Another issue we had was that the nipples all colapsed!
It was horrible.
I felt that these bottles were very poor quality.
Like I said, the idea of the VentAire is good, but the bottles just aren't up to my expectationsI'm a dad of 14 month old twins.
Anyone who's on their second or third would tell you to save your money.I realize that every child is different, and some burp up more than others - but they ALL burp up and they ALL get gas.
Some more than others.Parents get so frustrated and worried about their babies that they try ANYTHING different.
One thing seems to 'do the trick' when the problem was ready to stop on its own.We tried every bottle gimmick sold on Babies-R-Us.
On the third use of this one, the bottom came loose, and there was formula everywhere.Since our twins were 2 months, we have been using the plain old Evenflo bottles from any grocer.
All of the gimmick bottles have half a dozen parts that need to be individually cleaned, or come apart, or leak.Think about it - Playtex, Gerber, Avent, Evenflo - they all sell the same simple three-piece bottle, but they also sell some sort of state-of-the-art bottle that's supposed to cure all of your baby's ills.
So how could they in good conscience continue to sell those cheap, gas-inducing, old-fashioned bottles?Because they work; because all of the repeat parents buy them; and because all new parents eventually need to buy a bottle that does what it's supposed toI've used all kinds of different bottles over the years from cheap Wal-Mart Specials to Avent and Dr Browns and these bottles are much closer to the higher end than the lower.
Here is a break down of what I like and don't like.Pros:-Baby doesn't seem to have much gas after using these.-It is very easy to clean the inside since both the top and the bottom come off.-They are very easy for both me and my baby to hold.Cons:-Since the top and bottom do come off there are 5 pieces to clean for each bottle, so it takes up a lot of room in the dishwasher.-The nipples seem a little faster than most others I've tried, so at first my baby made a big mess when using these because she wasn't used to fast flow.-The nipples and tops are very close looking to the Avent bottles, so sometimes I put the wrong ones on one or the other and they leak.So to summarize, I would get these bottles again and other than perhaps the Avent bottles, since they have less pieces to clean, these are my favorite that I've usedThese bottles are the coolest.
The venting means a lot less gas and there is NO messy bag to have to mess with and squeeze the air out ofThe design of this bottle is unusual.
The air vents from the bottom of the bottle, which would lead you to think the bottle would leak from the bottom, but it hasn't so far.
This will cause air to come in from the nipple, defeating the purpose of this bottle.
Sometimes you get busy with a baby and with everything else you have to worry about as a new parent, who wants to add making sure you wash the bottles early enough to make sure they are completely dryWe bought the Playtex VentAire based on the rave review of a friend, hoping our baby would suddenly cease spitting up as theirs had done.
Not such a huge imposition, but one more thing to have to wash again and again is a time waster we don't need.
I have discovered if I let the bottle air dry after washing instead of putting it together it doesn't leak.
I also like that the nipple does not collapse like some bottles do.
These came with the fast flow so I had to purchase the medium flow as well since my little ones isn't quite ready for fast flowAs I said in a previous review of the Starter product in this line, thePlaytex VentAire Advanced BPA Free Wide Bottle Newborn Starter Set, the VentAire system is a vast improvement over the old standard every Mom, Nanny, Babysitter, Grandma or other caregiver is familiar with - the Playtex Nurser sytem with those plastic bag inserts that were supposed to create a vacuum as baby fed, cutting down on gas and discomfort.
It did take a little getting used to but before swithing to the Fast Flow and perhaps creating waterfalls of milk or formula all over your infants face and your chest, check out the Medium Flow Nipples available here on Amazon:Playtex BPA Free VentAire Advanced Silicone Nipples, 2 Pack, Medium FlowThe set pictured here is a 9 ounce set of 3 bottles all with the FAST FLOW nipples.
If you are already needing a 9 Ounce Bottle, you probably will not need the Slow flow Nipple anyway but if you do, you should know that you can by the Slow Flow, Medium Flow and Fast Flow Nipples separately in 2-packs here at Amazon.
Personally, I've never had the need myself but I Imagine this may be a deal breaker for some Moms.
Still, this and the Newborn set would make nice gifts for either a New Mom or one who has been struggling with the old Playtex Nurser.
I even tried the stage 2 nipple and the same thing happened--nothing!
The bottle itself just requires hot soapy water for disinfection.>Compatible with Playtex Nursing Necessities breast pumps to help store breast milk.>Convenient, BPA free 6oz.
Will need to consult with Playtex customer support for clarification.Bottom Line:Good, effective, innovative bottles to minimize complications (gas, spit-up, colic, and ear infections) from nursing with bottles.
Easy to clean and disinfect bottle (hot soapy water); sterilize nipples and vents (boilable) at homeYou can open both ends of the bottle.
Makes for an easier clean up.
Does not leak.
Great productI have been faithful to the Dr. Brown bottles, but had heard good things about these as well and was interested to try them.
I do like the angle of the bottles for one, as you do not have to tilt the bottle as much.
I both like and dislike that the bottom screws off.
He fell asleep today while drinking from the bottle - something that never happened with regular bottles before.
With other bottles he would choke himself and swallow too much air which made for a very cranky kid.
I originally just grabbed them off the shelf at the store because my preferred brand was out, and these were six ounce bottles, so I thought they'd be perfect.
We finally noticed that THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO HOLE IN THE NIPPLE!!!
We immediately tossed that nipple and put these bottles away.Once my son was old enough to hold his own bottle, I brought these back out with a Stage 2 nipple.
No problems.However, we began using these again with our second child.
And within 3 months, they began to leak.
So now we are stuck with 20 leaking bottles that require a sharpie every few weeks.
Perhaps it was because we washed them in the dishwasher...but really, the bottles should be prepared to handle that.Please don't waste your money on these bottles.
-- the Ventaire does seem to work for some babies, provided you follow the instructions and hold the bottle right.Reviewer M. Gunderson is half right, IMHO, about the nipples.
Stage 1 nipples are indeed too slow; even I had trouble sucking anything out of one.
Stage 2, though, was like a floodgate that suddenly opens.
They seem to reduce the amount of bubbles and make the feedings easier for our little one.
However, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.UPDATE: After using this for a couple months, I find it is too much of a pain to deal with the multiple different seals and rings.
But that's a good thing.
This is a major reason I love the bottles.Two things I dislike about these bottles.
*you cannot mix four scoops of formula and 8 oz of water in the bottle.
There's no room to shake it all up.
So I have to pre mix the formula and then pour into the bottles.
Dr Brown's have more room in the bottles to accommodate all the water and powder.
*These bottles are crooked not straight, so they are difficult to prop.
Easy for mom to hold....and well...the baby drips his formula down to the last dropI chose to exclusively bottle feed with both my children, I have a 2 1/2 year old girl and a 3 month baby boy.
She indicated the baby burped less and noticed there was no spit-up as there was using her other bottles.
She also liked the form of the bottle because it seemed easier for the baby to hold.I noticed others said the air vents leaked and were messy.
I asked her if she had any issues in this regard and she said she didn't.Playtex has always made a good product and it seems the bottles are certainly in that categoryI switched to these bottles after using very basic style bottles (similar to the style of bottle and nipple used in the hospital with my daughter) when noticing my daughter was having more difficulty controlling the milk flow and subsequently choking - of note, my daughter was born very premature and took some time to learn how to eat properly.
Baby definitely seems to do better with these bottles, less dribbling of milk out of her mouth around the nipple, very little choking episodes (again, this is related to her prematurity), and seems much more content after her feeds so clearly less gas.The bottles are easy to hold, lightweight, and easy to clean.
I mostly handwash, and others have pointed out it's a pain given all the parts to the bottle, but I don't find it troublesome at all.
I have also encountered a problem on occasion where there seems to be a vacuum created and milk would no flow throw the nipple.
Cleaning is a breeze (I mostly handwash, but on occasion I throw them in the dishwasher, either way gets them very clean).
Also, we have gone up to the moderate flow nipple and we have not encountered the vacuum problem where she was unable to get any milk through.
In comparison - I used these once then gave them away to charity.
Very, very skinny.
More importantly...- They're rather tough to clean compared to the wide bottles!
A complete waste of money, maybe my daughter will use them to play with her dolls years down the road.
They are a HUGE pain to use.
For one you can't use a bottle warmer (the water seeps up into bottle).
We had to hold it under running water which takes forever.
It took my daughter FOREVER to drink the bottle from the nipples.
She immediately went for it with no problems!
Now, she never had any latching problems anyway, but I was concerned she'd be confused by the bottle.
She's still not had many bottles, but had no problem switching back to breast after.
We also have AVENT bottles that we have yet to try, but I think the WIDE VentAire will be what we send with her sitter and leave with dad when I'm not around to feed her.
I do like that they open up at both ends - makes cleaning pretty easyI babysit a friend's 5 month old boy a few days a week.
When I burp him he usually spits up at least a little bit but the first time, he didn't spit up at all.
I've now been using these bottles with him for the week and have only had 2 spit ups!
I'm thrilled with it and so is his momThese are great for bigger feedings.
We decided to skip the 6 ounce bottles and use the 9 ounce for all stages.
The parts get "used up" or something and they leak like crazy.
3 stars because they worked for some time...
I will not buy again, switched to drop-insMy daughter couldn't get anything out of this bottle and it frustrated her.
Same as many others I read on here, half hour she got half an ounce.
There's something that doesn't set well with me when you aren't supposed to steam sterilize this bottle.
It's junk, and I'm glad to see it wasn't just my daughter struggling to drink from this bottle.
I am only trying to get her on a bottle bc i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled and won't be able to nurse her for 24hrs.
I have read the reviews on multiple bottles and have been buying bottles for over 20 years.
These recommendations I find are very personally fit.
My baby preferred the nipple of this bottle and also had less gas and spit-ups after feedings from it.
The only thing that's not convenient about this bottle is it has several parts/pieces to it, so you have to take the whole thing apart and make sure to wash/sterilize/dry everything before putting it back together for the next feeding.
But that just comes with the territory...nothing you can do about that.
bottle simply because those DON'T fit in my bottle sterilizer.But this product was the winner in our homeWe have tried a lot of different kinds of bottles and these weren't really anything spectacular.
The Medela and Avent had no venting system, causing the nipple to collapse and the baby getting frustrated.
The Dr. Brown's bottles had too many small parts that were a PIA to keep clean.The thing is, each baby is different and will prefer different bottles - even the vehemently negative reviewers for this product should understand that.
They only leaked once - and that was when we didn't screw on the bottom completely.
And since we've been using them, our daughter has less gas, she spits up less, and we don't even use a bib when we feed her now.
When Sarah, my daughter, recently gave birth, she received an earful of advice from well-meaning friends and relatives who were also new moms.
That preference will probably change as baby gets older and wants to hold a slimmer bottle having a faster flow of milk.Of course, that wasn't the only advice that went along with VentAire bottles.
Sarah was warned they might leak if improperly tightened (don't overdo the bottoms), or if the pieces were wet while assembling (particularly the vent area).
The bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
They are just a little too tall for it.My one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples.
I suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jump.
Sometimes water drips out, but I think it's from not sealing the ring properly in the bottom when we assemble them.
As a side note, I was hoping to receive a pack of mixed colors as described, but both packs were all blue.
But, the important thing is that she have the right type of bottlesWe tried this on my granddaughter who was having a hard time feeding with other bottles.
With these VentAire bottles, my granddaughter seemed to be a bit irritated and eventually rejected it.
My daughter in law couldn't figure out why the baby was not receiving the bottle and thought maybe it was the formula.
I say save your money on this one.
The downfall of the Dr. Brown bottles is the cleanup of them.
These are much easier to cleanI like the bent neck but since I didn't use any other bottles I have nothing to compare it toI like these bottles, they are the only ones my son will accept right now.
In the beginning the nipples are closed so nothing comes out i found.
All i did was stick something through the hole so liquid will come out.
And we dont have the problem with collapsed nipples like we did with the Gerber New Traditions and Gerber COmfort Hold...
I tired the Natural SHape Ventaire and my son didnt like those...
He was suckign really hard and nothing was coming out, even after trying to "open" the nipple hole..
The only thing is sometimes they do leak, but I make sure that the bottle parts are completely dry before I assemble and mix formula.
These save you so much money compared to the drop in bottles.
which means less spit upsWe had the smaller (5 ounce) versions and they were our favorite (compared to medela and avent).So naturally we went ahead to try these ones.
You hear the air come out of them like twice per drink (which can be like an hour if you have a little one that gets tired and sleepy every time they eat).We have used them quite a bit, and there is really virtually no difference in gas between these and the other 2.
The first set I purchased began to leak from the bottom and from around the cap so I thought it was a bad batch and exchanged them for another set.
Last night while I was feeding my daughter I am thinking that she is drinking the milk but it was leaking from the side of the cap and down into her neck and onesie on this new set!
I switched bottles and gave her another one.
This morning I shake the bottle over the sink to make sure that the rice and breastmilk are mixed in good before feeding her and the cap which I just checked just popped off and breastmilk went flying all over the sink.
6 ounces of milk just gone!
These bottles leak from the bottom and after many uses the ring around the cap warps so it doesn't screw on and stay flush with the bottle itself.
I am done at this point and these bottles are going back to BRU and I am going to do what I should have done in the beginning and just go with Dr. Brown's bottles.
I would never recommend these crappy bottles to anyoneThese bottles are exceptional and do everything they claim they do.
They are easy to clean, and I love the fact they have covers to keep the nipples free of dirt/dust, etc.
I highly recommendAfter buying ten packs(on top of the ones that came with the bottles) of the nipples for these bottles, we gave up and used our Advent bottles that we didn't want to use.
For some reason, no matter which store purchased at, every nipple (Stage 1 and Stage 2) seemed to not be opened to allow milk to come out.
Our daughter has some serious suction, so I thought that the Stage 1 was already outgrown and tried the 2.
These bottles and nipples have been just a waste of money for us.
Both of my children were given ceral bottles at young ages by there doctors and with my first we had to poke hole in the nipple and hope it worked.
They did seem to help a lot with his gas, and are much easier to clean than Dr. Brown's.
The only issue I had was with the nipples collapsing during the feeding.
Although it does have a lot of pieces, the fact that the bottle disassembles completely makes it easy to thoroughly clean and disinfect its various parts.The bottles have presented one challenge:1.
Nipples wear out, and wanting extras to have on hand, I ended up buying extra bottles instead because it was nearly impossible to find the slow flow variety (and it was cheaper to buy extra bottles from Amazon than to pay the exorbitant shipping from the two sources who sold the nipples separately).UPDATE (3/2012): As my daughter has reached her first birthday, Playtex VentAire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding.
Once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the VentAire bottle can be flung wildly around and does not leak.
Our daughter can feed herself from both the VentAire and Drop-In bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the VentAire.
The Drop-In bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is widerI loved these bottles with my first child.
This was the only bottle/nipple he would take.
He is also a breastfed baby.As far as people complaining about all the parts, it takes two seconds to clean them.
I am not really sure what people are complaining about.
I put mine a dishwasher compartment for small items that I bought at a store.
Before I had a dishwasher, I hand washed them and it was no big deal!And I have never had a leak from these bottles!QUESTION?
They were great in reducing air intake, but she just seemed to leak an awful lot with them.
She would be covered by the time she was done and that was with the number 1 nipples.
Plus for some reason my husband and mother has trouble with the bottle themselves leaking.
So I started to research and try other bottles.We hated the liner in the nursers, she hated Dr. Brown's, and the paln jane bottles allowed her to take in too much air.
So we were stuck on Avent until last week.
My cousin had a little girl and we traded a bottle to try the other guys out.Well, we steralized what we had and traded!
I guess it just depends on teh child.
They are also more afforable than the Avent.Anotehr plus is that she is 3 months now and very much wants to hold her own bottle and with these, she is almost there.
She can wrap her hands around them and pull her feet up for extra support and just about hond them herself.
I thought we'd give these a try since we've tried everything else-because the nipples are thin and long, she doesn't really like them.
I feel a lot better about them getting really clean and they are easy to throw in the dishwasher.
Brown's: Also pretty good but they have overall too many parts (bottle, nipple, screw on lid, straw thing and other little venting part.)
I have somehow managed to lose a bunch of the random parts so now I only have 3 complete sets.
They are also kind of a pain to clean, the long straw thing is hard to get clean.
They work pretty well overall but a little inconvenient.
They also don't work with pumping stuff and they have a weird shape, which makes it hard to fit them in the bottle warmer.
The way these bottles are shaped the babies don't seem to get gas and they won't leak.
Love Love LoveWe switched to using almost allPlaytex VentAire Advanced Standard Bottles 9-Ounce, 3 Pack (Colors Vary)as our main bottle.
The nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
Since we began using those nipples NO LEAKS.
The only problem is they are hard to find.
These bottles are hard to find too, Amazon actually has the best prices so go ahead and buy here you've nothing to loose with free two day shipping ( www.amazon.com/mom) The nipples if you don't want to order online can be found at Target.
workedDon't read negative or positive reviews.
Just get 1 bottle at the store and see if it works for you.
The Stage 1 nipple was too slow and my baby would suck for 30 min and only get half an once out of 6 oz!
The seals have held fine after many washesIf you don't have a dishwasher, it is so very hard to get a bottle clean - especially if you rinsed it & tossed it in your diaper bag during a day away from home.
These made cleaning so much easier since the top and bottom come off.
Surprisingly, they did not leak!
The one that controls gas and colic.
The one that doesn't leak.
The one that comes at a good, really good, price.
I used Dr. Browns, Avent, etc.
I bought into the fact that the more expensive bottle systems were the only way to go.
Boy was I wrong.
If you're a new mom, or even just a frustrated mom, BUY THESE BOTTLES!!P.S.
As another reviewer suggested: Make sure you seal the bottom ring to the bottom cap when the parts are wet to ensure a good seal.
I only gave it 4 stars because the nipples it came with were no good and had to be replaced, but other than that I am satisfiedI bought these bottles because it looked like they would lessen my daughter's air intake during feeding, and they did!
I couldn't even get formula to come through the stage one nipples, let alone my two week old!
We plan on using these more than any of the other types with the next baby as they make things a lot easier.
Although the shape of the bottle has that slight tilt to it, I don't think it really makes it any more difficult to dry on one of those special racks.
The only down side is there was occasionally a couple drips of milk coming out of the bottom of the bottle (not sure if I did something wrong to allow or if something can be done to prevent that).Comparing Playtex bottles to the others we tried, I have to say the Playtex bottles are one of the few bottles out there that are trying to prevent colic and gas.
Slight dripping isn't entirely unusual with other bottles, as the glass bottles we got would actually drip where the nipple would screw on.
We didn't experience any drips with Medela, but they are plain bottles and do nothing to address the colic/gas issue.
Cleaning is bit painful as you have to remove all these attachments, but considering the benefits I don't mind some extra workI'll start by saying that liner-based bottles are a thing of the past.
So, thats a positive for this product already.This set works as well as the other mainstream brands.
I think these leaked significantly less than comparable models.
And by leaking, I mean the leaking caused by milk being in the grooves of the lid when you screw the lid on.
That gap is the killer from which many a mess has been made.Grade; 4starsWe bought these after finding the Dr. Brown bottles we started with didn't seem to eliminate air intake and subsequent gas/spitting up.
The vacuum created by our daughter sucking milk out of the nipple was regulated through the gasket in the bottom of the bottle in lieu of drawing air through the nipple when she took a breather and creating air bubbles in the milk.
Of course it could also be that it was her growing and changing how she sucked/drank that made the differences, and not the bottles, so it's hard to know for sure.One intermittent problem is leaking.
Also, milk can leak from the bottom, so don't place it on any surface that needs a coaster, unless it's on, well, a coaster.
Just run the dishwasher each night and save yourself precious time.
Given how expensive the Dr. Brown bottles were, that wasn't something I could do when using them.
Also the wide mouth is *much* easier to fill with powder to make formula than the narrow bottles and I have space to swirl the formula to mix it (limiting the introduction of bubbles) without needing a spoon when I'm out or in a hurry.
We initially bought the 6 oz size.
My 2 month old daughter went from drinking 3-4 oz per feeding to about 5 ounces and after adding the water and formula there isnt any room left to shake the bottle to mix the formula nicelyFirst and foremost I love that these are BPA free.
That is very important to us in this house with all our plastic products.
Not to small, but not a waste of space and to large.
No leaks at allWe have been using the drop in liner system and it was a nightmare, dealing with never knowing how much milk was there, liners pulling free from the bottle and leaking every where etc.
These bottles are a bit improvement on that.
These nipple bases are really narrow.
If you are looking for nipples that are likely better for breastfed babies, I would go with the wider nipples.
This is when my gf said "I really love Playtex Ventaires...maybe you should try them" These bottles are among the cheaper on the market so getting a single bottle (about $5) was no big deal.My daughter LOVED them.
We've never had gas or stomach issues, they're reliable bottles that don't leak and despite the "washer" piece they really aren't a pain to clean.
The size is perfect, big enough but not huge, the shape is easy for her to hold herself even when the milk is getting low and she is tired.
They don't leak, they don't require multiple parts to work which makes it easy for someone else to fix a bottle (or just a hurried, tired mom).
I guess because the air escapse through the bottom instead of in the baby's belly, we have found that he has minimal gas and needs less burping.
The new trend is to have large round nipples more like the breast which might be better for babies going back and forth between bottle and breast but for babies that have only been bottle fed, sometime the smaller nipple is easier for them when they are very young or very congestedI have a son that has tummy issues, including a whole lot of gas.
The curved design is supposed to prevent them.
I watched them begin in the nipple and travel into the bottle, so with that first feeding I was pretty nervous as to how his stomach would be after eating.
He had no problems.After using the bottles for a week, bubbles and all, his gas problems have not gotten worse, though I wouldn't say he's necessarily improved either.
I was really impressed!
Definitely a cheaper alternative to the Dr.Brown's bottles.My one "complaint" is that there's a lot of pieces in these bottles which makes it a bit annoying to clean, but it's not so bad.
Not only did he get less gas, I hand wash and these bottles are easy to clean.
Yes it requires taking them apart and putting them back together again, but I know every speck of the bottle gets very clean.
I have never had a single leak.
And I really like the size, design and concept of these bottles.
Once I have had time to assess the prevention of colic, gas and ear aches, I will update this postThese bottles are very durable and have lasted a LONG time.
They do have a lot less bubbles than other bottles, but we were out at a store & I decided to use these bottles for the first time.
My daughter was so fussy while she was trying to eat that I nor my husband could figure out why.
She was never like that before.
So we kept trying to feed her & she would suck for a while then start fussing again.
Finally I noticed that after about 15 minutes she hadn't drank any of it.
So I started to examine the nipple...no hole.
I was so upset.
It figured that the 2 bottles I brought to the store in the diaper bag were both the VentAir.
I felt so bad for my girl.
I looked at the 3 VentAir nipples I had at home & none of them had a hole.
I even used a needle to try to make a hole & my daughter still doesn't seem to get much milk from it.
Mother was very pleased to receive such good bottlesI'm actually not a fan of these bottles, but for me, the problem lies moreso with the nipple.
My son spent half his energy trying to suck the formula out of them.
I gave up after a few feedings.
Also, when he did manage to actually eat, he would still get fussy and gassy- an issue these bottles claim to reduce.
In my opinion, there are better bottle options out thereOf course I had bottles given to me and bottles that were purchased for me for my baby shower, and nome of them worked well.
We've never had problems with gas or major spit-up because of them.
My only complaint is really just a user error.
But I can easily see myself using it long after I am done nursing.
Highly recommendedI expected the material to be thicker where you put your feet into it, but it does keep my feet warm when they are in there, and it makes sitting in my rocking chair more comfortable.
Perhaps it works if you don't have a wood floorGreat small, lightweight nursing stool....soft on your feet providing the support you need while nursing or just sitting comfortably.
The major complaint I have with it is that because the whole thing is made out of foam, it compresses over time and loses its shape.
For the price, this definitely serves its purposeSo we needed something like this for the late nights rocking the wee one to sleep.It does what it is supposed too and the foot pocket is warm.
That said it is a bit pricey for what it is.
It is light weight and you can throw it in the closet when you aren't using it.
A great price compared to all the expensive matching ottomans out there as well.
Works alright for a stool, but would prefer a wood stool.
He often climbed up on it while playing and I was afraid he'd hurt himself on the sharp corners.
This solves that problem!
I should have gotten this months agoAfter having given up on finding a good footstool for my nursery, I saw this on a friend's baby registry and for the price, had to try it.
But surprisingly, it has become a nursery toy!
I'll keep trying because this product seems like a great idea and it was not cheap, but perhaps it's just a little too much work for a newer baby.If this company or any other consumer, has any ideas on how to improve my situation with this sling,I would love to hear from them.
You can't let go of your baby this way, but it works great when your baby has already fallen asleep and you need something to support their weight.If you are carrying your child on your hip, you could slip it under their heiny to support their weight.It's a quick fix for tired arms but, it doesn't free you up completelyI was excited when my husband brought it home since I had read some good reviews, however after placing my son in it his chin was on his chest and not comfortable for him at all.
I followed directions and thought I had it right, mabye they should send out someone to show me how it works.
Wish I had saved my receiptMy son was 7 lbs 1 oz when he was born and 20 inches long...
I tried putting him in the sling and it just looks like he's falling and being enveloped by this huge orange thing...
It's the WORST product ever, I am definitely NOT using it and will probably donate it to goodwillI do not own this item but I tried it out in the store and it HURT my shoulder!!!
The shoulder strap is too narrow, it digs in, and I only had it on for a couple seconds.
I went with a New Native pouch and I LOVE itI was very excited to get this sling.
old dd is very comfortable sitting in it.That said, I would not buy it again.
My daughter hated it as a newborn & would immediately scream if I put her in.
The drawcord needs to be knotted to avoid danger of strangulation (very unsafe, not to mention inconvenient for adjusting).
The sling is uncomfortably narrow at the shoulder & doesn't distribute weight wellI have three baby carriers.
It seems eccessive but I never found one that really was doing it for me.
It slips from its place so the head of the child doesn't stand on your shoulder anymore but on your lower chest (so when you have a large breast the baby's head is really really in a weird angle !).
Brush is not bad.
Stainless steel is a great alternative to plastic cups for babies and childrenMy 7 month old doesn't like the spouts, she just chews on them... maybe this will change as she gets olderi love the fact that you can buy replacement nipples for the different stages instead of buying new bottles.
Wish they would sell in stores but I guess the stores would lose moneyI tried a million different sippy cups, but my daughter just didn't take to the straw valve ones that were too difficult to suck from, or the freeflow BornFree that gave her more than she could handle.
Good valueI wish I would have known that the only difference between these spouts and the ones for younger children is the color and the fact that these are made of hard plastic and the others are soft.
I would recommend buying one set from Target ( or some grocery stores cary Avent) and trying first.
They are very easy to clean and they do not leak if you use them correctly (do not fill to much the cups and do not fill with sparkling beveragesLet me start by saying I think it's WONDERFUL of Avent to offer their consumer the option to modify what they already own!
When his doctor suggested starting him on sippy cups with a little bit of water (6months), I really didn't want to run out & buy something else that would take up more space in our cabinets.
I would go so far as to say he cannot drink from it.
I eventually caved & bought 2 Nuby 2 Handle Cups with Soft Spouts.
He can drink out of the super soft spout much easier.
I do wish this product would have worked for him because when I screw on the Nuby lid, the spout does not align with the handles.
They really don't leak, and the spout has lasted longer than others.
In fact, get away from the soft spouts and switch to the hard ones as soon as your child can use the hard spouts, because then you don't need to be so vigilent for tears which are a choking hazardThis was exactly what I needed to convert some 4 month old sippy cups to those that could be used by my 11 month old.
He just looks at it and wants to play with the bottle instead of try to drink from it.
It's too "weird" looking I guess, he pushes it away every time I've tried it.
I also think it's too long for him to put his little mouth over on his own.
Great design AventI love the option of using the bottles I already have as sippy cupsi like avent products.
imagine those bottles can turn into sippy cups.
so I got these.
I haven't had a leak problem with these yet, and they're soft so they don't hurt DS's mouth if he whacks himselfThese are not nearly as good as the yellow ones.
They leak every time.
I use them with the Pura bottles and have used the yellow Avent spouts since the beginning but have been unable to find them so I finally just bought these thinking they would be just as good.
I was disappointed when a couple of our valves broke.
A couple of the slits broke & the sippy cups were no longer functional.I went to a big box baby products store looking for these.
An employee told me that these were not sold because Playtex wants to sell more sippy cups.
She suggested that I had to throw away my cups & buy completely new cups.
Instead I came onto Amazon & found these.
We now have extra valves in case more breakI had a couple Playtex Sippy Cups that were a few years old, and missing the valves to make them spill-proof.
Found these online, ordered them, and sure enough they fit perfect and the sippy cups are good as new againI'm so glad they sell these separately.
the valves tend to accidentally go into the garbage disposal or disappear in the dishwasher because they are clear.
Amazon of course!
Helps indeed the spills but the valve itself is hard to clean.
Make sure to wash straight after usage this way easier to keep clean valveThese are exactly the same as the inserts that come with the platex sippy cups.
I didn't want to have to buy a whole new cup because we already had several, just missing pieces.
(thanks to our garbage disposal!)
The problem is that these valves do not have a very long life span.
They start to rip and then you have a milk leakWe just needed replacements for our sippy cups.
Little longer for shipping but there hard to find in Walmart half the time to it's worth itGreat to be able to purchase replacements.
Always need these.
Replacement valves save the cups.
When those get lost or broken, we have to throw the cups awayThese are exactly what I expected and fit into our playtex sipee cups.
The cushioning on the kneeler is awesome and I also really like the elbow rest.The hanging organizer has two pockets which fit our daughters bathwash and bubble bath.
We use a new washcloth at each bathing so this is really all we need to hold.What I liked most about this product was that it "grows" with your child so they can use it as a stepstool as they get older.
In our other (smaller/lower) tub, I only use a towel -- since the step/kneeler would give me too much height and cause me to bend over more and hurt my back.
So ... figure out if you need added height before buying this.
If you don't, go with a pad (or just folded towelI really wanted to like this mat and elbow pad set.
I use it, detached from the mat on the bottom because it does save my knees, but I can't use the net because now it is flimsy without the bottom attached and won't hold anything.
So, if you have a deep tub, just get the bottom part, otherwise, it will just be a waste of moneyI registered for this thinking it would be great for bathing baby.
So far baby is really too little to bathe in the big tub (4 mos.)
Without it I wouldn't have been able to get in or out of bed, the car, or a chair.As far as the reviews about it being too tall or problems with older bathtubs, my tub is about 85 years old, and I wouldn't begin to be able to reach the floor of the tub without this.
Between getting high enough to reach over the side easily and getting a long enough reach to reach the floor of the tub, I have really needed the kneeler when I put baby's tub into the big tubThis item is a great IDEA.
Key word, 'IDEA'.PROS:- It's a 4-in-1: elbow rest, knee rest, storage pocket for wash/shampoos, and then later can be used as a stepping stool.- Cute little ice animal theme, polar bears, penguins, whales, etc.- The elbow rest has suction cups that attach to the tubside.- The little storage pockets that hang on the side are helpful for all those crazy bath toys and products babies come with.CONS:- What I did not consider before purchasing this item was the placement of my bathtub's faucet and the toilet.
We have two bathrooms, and both bathtubs, on the side where the faucet is the toilet is directly next to it.
Generally, if one were to be giving their child a bath, they would be right by the faucet so that they could control the water flow/temperature.... With toilets directly next to my bathtubs, I can't exactly kneel with 3 inches between the two porcelain objects.
I sit uncomfortably on the closed toilet instead and lean over the whole time, which SUCKS.- The stool does not raise up to be any higher than what the picture shows.
It is a very VERY short stepping stool, and will be useless for quite a while.- The suction cups for the elbow rest POP OFF almost every time you lean on it, which defeats the purpose.
They were very hard to get to stay put in the first place before anyone ever leaned on it.- Also, the top of the elbow rest CRACKED after maybe the 2nd time we used it.Conclusion:I LOOOVED the idea of this product.
Still haven't seen a similar product, but I was very disappointed with the quality and exact features of this, and I was frustrated with myself for not considering that I couldn't even use this feature because of my bathroom set-ups.
This will be up for sale at my next garage saleWe got this for the upcoming arrival of our daughter.
But, the first time I used it was to clean the tub after my husband gave the dog a bath.
I love the arm rest, it came loose a couple of times but a quick cleaning of the side of the tub and suction cups solved that.
I was worried when I read the other reviews of this product, but once I gave it a try I was hooked.
Our daughter and dog will never have a bath again without itthis is so cool I like that it will be used for longer than just a kneeler for baby baths.... for the little one as a todlerThe kneeling stool is great.
Not to mention that to two measley suction cups that are suppose to hold it onto the side of the tub do not work at all.
It constantly pops off the tub whenever I put any weight on it.
I suggest that if you still want this product after reading the reviews, you try to find it used so that you don't have to pay retailThe kneeler is not very sturdy.
I was not comfortable kneeling on it, and I felt like my weight would break right through the flimsy little styrofoam-like cushion.
If that is what the manufactorer considers cusioning, I'm not impressed.
I was hoping for something that would be soft.
It is made of plastic, and it does not seem at all durable.
The elbow &quot;cushion&quot; is also not very soft.
If I'd been busy bathing my baby, I would have tumbled into the tub with him.
Wrong answer, I cracked the kneeler portion.
What a blow to the postpartum egoThis Kneeler & Step Stool thing looks great.
We gave it as a gift but I totally wanted one for myself after seeing it.
My daughter is 10 months now and I have already bought another monitor.
Within the first month of use the hand-held audio only monitor broke.
The video actually works really well and aside for some NOISY interference that it picks up sometimes, its a great picture day or night.
The monitor is very large, though, and so it would have been nice if the hand held auido one worked - so I could take it to another room.
We use it at every nap and all night long.
I once went in to get his thumb out of his mouth since I saw him sucking on it clear as day on the monitor but when I went in his room, I couldnt even see his face, thats how clear the image is!As for a movement monitor, Its called angle care movement and breathing detector.
We got one but never used it since he was in our room the first 3 months and now I can hear him breathing on the Sights and sounds monitorIf you are considering a monitor... pay extra for a VIDEO monitor.The picture is clear and can be adjusted to be lighter or darker for those of us that like a darker room to sleep in.
I cant imagine not being able to see my daughter at night if I hear her making noise.
This product has worked great for usHere is an UPDATE.
Purchased 6 months ago/Broke down 01/30/05 Okay!
Maybe I should have paid more attention to the reviews.
The monitor went out.
*Don't waste your money.
You are better off purchasing a system that works with your pc monitor.After reading the reviews on this monitor, I thought purchasing it would be a mistake.
Don't pay attention to reviews!
There are many questions in regards to interference with cordless phone and such.
I have a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone system (4 units) in my home, a wireless internet connection, and many other technical items, and have no interference.
The monitor sits in my office on my desk next to the cordless phone system, my pc, monitor, speakers, and there are no problems.
The night vision element works fine.
I have had this product for 5 months and it has not broken down.
Now I can let her sleep or stay awake without my presence, and know she is fineI bought a different brand of monitor and never could get the picture to work so I exchanged it for this one.
The picture is pretty great I was impressed but I hear a roaring in the sound but it is not extremely bad or anything.
We have not had any problems with the night vision nor the sound.
The picture is clear and the contrast options allows for the brightness of the monitor to be adjusted at night.
I would've given it 5 stars, but every now and then I have a problem with static.
We occasionally get some interference and would have to smack the monitor a few times to get our picture back.
The picture is pretty clear, even at night.
We love it and wouldn't use another monitorWe love Kiddopotamus products and this one is no exception.
Yeah Kiddopotamusthe head support doesnt fit to my car seat.
I put it in her car seat due to her little head always drooping to one side.
Didn't really see the need for this-a much better buy that my mother insisted on was the harness pillow for supportI just LOVE this Snuzzler.
Without it, she was hunched over - her neck wobbling around.
She only weighed 6 pounds so the carseat was too big for her.
I do recommend this product to new parents.
You won't regret it!
It is nice and soft and cuddly, and made of much nicer fabric than that ghastly polyester grayco liner, but I did not find it helpful and I did not find that it positioned my baby any better than she was in the carseat on her own.My main concern with this product is not that my baby will fly out of her carseat in a crash as warned by the 1-star reviews, my concern is that this did not prevent her head from flopping FORWARD -- infact, it was difficult for me to position the head pillow in a way that didn't make forward-flopping worse.
This chin-to-chest posture can restrict airflow.
Newborns can't necessarily protest or lift their heads to compensate when they're being deprived of oxygen.
I was warned about this at my baby-carrier group (before the sling recall, where some of the babies died for this exact reason) and it was something I worried about when my daughter was young because her head seemed to always fall forward in the carseat, even when it said it was well-positioned.I would not recommend this product to a new parent.
but the snuzzler is just another piece of baby junk that I could have done withoutThis item was very very handy for my little baby - she was only 6 lbs 14 oz at birth and grew slowly due to a heart condition.
We stopped needing the snuzzler in her infant seat at about 4 months old.
The reason is that, heaven forbid you were in a car crash, any extra padding could compress too much creating too much gap in the straps holding your little one in the seat.
I know that this says you can use in in a car seat, just make sure that any padding in a car seat is installed properly.
But, it still doesn't offer enough support.
Once he falls asleep, his little head just hung over the side, so we put the snuzzler back in and he's much happier.It is a bit trickier to get the car seat straps safely adjusted around the support, but after a few days we had the hang of itThis was on my "must have" list.
The plan...to use it in my Perego P3 to snuggle my little peanut and protect his head from the detachable back strap.
I haven't used it in his P3 because I ended up buying the Kolcraft Universal Car Seat Carrier.
I'm not using it in his infant car seat because I'm already using a JJ Cole Bundle Me.
It would be too bulky.
I tried it in his bouncer...can't snap him in...too bulky.
So why would I rate if I haven't even used it?
That's basically it.
My advice would be to be sure you are going to use it before making the purchaseI have told every new mom I know this is a must have.
This works so much better than the little head supports that come with the car seats and stroller.
We would not know what to do without it.
I am looking forward to using for our next childI love this thing!!!!
We stayed over my brother-in-laws house one night and had Lilly sleep in the carseat, and it was one of her best nights of sleep in her first month.
She was starting to outgrow it, but i still was using it, until the other day, I saw Lilly's new cousin Sarah slumped over in her carseat.
She looked so uncomfortable, that I'm letting her use the snuzzler now.
I soon realized that it was way to big and bulky for our newborns carseat.
I took others advice and put it in the stroller, and our swing and it is great!
I don't know the mechanics of it but not once since we put this in the car seat has her head flopped.
We took it out to wash it, went out before it dried and it stayed home.
As soon as she fell asleep in the car without the Snuzzler- *flop*.
I like that it's adjustable and will grow with the baby, and the design allows it to be used virtually anywhere - in the car seat, stroller, swing, high chair - you name it!
It provides much needed support in the car seat, bouncy chair, etc.
It prevents them from slumping down and supports their little bodies.
It is much faster than the old fashioned way of warming bottles, and it is portable.
We've taken it out of town several times.
BUT I noticed that the ON/OFF switch SPARKED EVERY TIME you turned it off.Luckily, I had kept the box so I just exchanged it for another only to discover the second did the exact same thing!
I have contacted The First Years about this problem but so far have not rec'vd a reply.
I even searched for information about Recalls on this warmer but found nothing.
The on/off switch needs to re-designed before it is safe to use.
(I wouldn't be surprized if this gets recalledThis is very useful and it heats up bottles quickly and easily.
The only small negative is that the cooler isn't attached and makes it harder to transportPersonally I think bottle warmers are a waste of money.
It takes too long.
I got one for my shower and I'm so mad that I threw the box away because I wish I could return it.
So many people are against that but as long as you shake up the bottle before you feed the baby there's no problem.
Only an idiot wouldn't check the temp before feeding their baby anyway.
My older son is now 14 years old and boy have baby products changed since then!
I seriously considered comments and reviews when deciding which items I wanted, which I could live without, and what was an absolute must have.
I read the mixed reviews on this product before purchasing it and I'm glad I ignored all the negative reviews.
I quickly learned that the problem with those used wasn't the product, it might have been "user error".
I have found this warmer to be extremely easy to use.
The trick is to play with the warmer and get the water levels right before attempting to use it.
It gets 4 stars because I think it takes way too long to heat up a bottle.
I have also never used the cooler.
I was given this as a shower gift and it has been a lifesaver.
We use it anytime we need to heat up a bottle, day or night.
We prefer to use it instead of heating the bottle in the microwave, but sometimes the bottles get too hot, and that is probably because we may have put a little too much water in the measuring tube.
You do have to pay attention to the amount of water you put in so that the bottle does not get too hot, but after using it you get a "feel" for the timing and amount of water.The water measuring lines on the tubes that came with the warmer did rub off quickly.
No running downstairs to the kitchen for bottles.
Now that my 3 month old is sleeping through the night, I don't have to worry about the convenience factor.
Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this warmerI got tired of getting up at night and going to the kitchen to warm up the bottle.
This is much better.
You have to play with it to see how much water you need to get the bottle the right temp.
I have to use extra ice blocks to keep it cooler longer, but it does save me from getting out of bed since his crib is next to my bedI found this to be unecessary.
I don't usually store formula so I didn't need the cooling compartment.
As far as heating up the bottles when I need to, I find it quicker & easier to just pop a mug of water in the microwave for 2 minutes & then let sit the bottle in it for a minute or so.
This method takes less than 5 minutes, i.e.
you don't have to hear your baby scream for 5 minutesYes, it's great because it is convenient; it's right at your bedside or baby's cribside so you don't have to take an extra 5 minutes to go downstairs and it can be plugged in anywhere so you can take it on the road with you if you're staying overnight somewhere.
And yes, all of your feeding accessories are close at hand and you can store 2 bottles at a time...
BUT the bottles simply stay "cool" as the description states when they really need to stay COLD.
(We use a nightlight that plugs in to the wall...) AND for some reason, we can never get the bottle to the right temperature no matter how much water we put in the dropper.
We can even use the same amount of water 3 times in a row and one bottle will be too hot, the other too cold and maybe the last just right.
It could also depend on how cold (or "cool") the bottle is.
The colder the bottle, the longer the warming time and vice verse.
It's a great concept but it needs a little more tweaking.
I had triplets and the Night and Day bottle warmer could not hold the number of bottles I needed at night so I ended up giving it away.
I would not recommend this product for homes with multiples.
The two water holders slide onto the side of the warmer and the cooler is placed in the back.
One for bottles and one for jars of food.There is a chart on the side of the cooler.
You find the size bottle you are using and what type.
Takes about 2-5 minutes.Good Features:On and Off switch on the cord.
No tipping and not top heavy even with coolerFits many size bottles, See note below about Dr Brown's BottlesPoor Features:Water holder clips can break during shipping, inspect your warmer as soon as you buy itWater bottle for cooler, must fill with water.
Does not stay frozen for longer than 7-8 hours.Cooler lock is plastic bump.
Cooler will no longer lock if one is missing.
Steam can get into cooler because seal is broken.
It was just the plastic clip on the side.
Then a few nights later I noticed that the lock on the cooler was broken.
Better than going to the kitchen and warming a bottle.
*update* 8 oz Dr Brown's Bottles will not fit into the cooler unless you remove the capI read reviews on the BRU website like a crazy woman before choosing products for my new baby.
As a new mommy, this advice from other mothers who actually used the products was invaluable when deciding what to spend money on.
I decided that I would follow the leader and add my reviews.
I couldn't wait to review this product!
The really "wee hour" feedings can be covered without my having to go downstairs.
I would never call this product silly or unecessary because I don't think getting a bottle to a nice room temperature instead of out-of-the-fridge-cold for my baby is being over the top!
I make up all my bottles at once; They're kept fresh and cold; I heat them as I use them; It's a snap!
I've had no long waits, no mess, no problems.
I use Dr. Brown's bottles, and yes, you have to take the cap and nipple off, but I leave the tube in with NO PROBLEM.
I have had to tweak the heating time a little for the short, four ounce Dr. Brown bottles, but again, NO PROBLEM!
Read the directions!
With common sense and very little adjusting, this product is priceless!
It's already leukewarm.
Save your $$ and/or those of your friends/family who get it for youThe bottle warmer is a must have for new moms.
It's such a pain to heat a bottle in boiling water - and it takes so long.
Although we are breastfeeding, there are times when we bottle feed breastmilk.
The directions are so easy and the unit has everything you need!
We add two bottles to the cooler compartment and fill the water tubes before we go to sleep.
I purchased the Avent Bottle Warmer because I was using Avent Bottles but I recently had to switch bottles and had to purchase a bottle warmer to accommodate those bottles.
The only very small problem is that the numbers on the measuring cups rub off after a week or so which makes it hard to fill them with the correct amout of water for your size bottles.
Boy was I wrong.
I found this warmer to be more of a hasssle than anything.
so maybe the bottles are the problem - who knows.
The bottles were either too hot or too cold.
After you learn how to use the measuring and all that this machine saves me so much time and worry.
With the night & day bottle & food warmer I don't have to worry about anything.
If your looking for a bottle/food warmer buy this oneThis warms your bottles just fine, but it is a little hot once you pull it out.
The cooler doesn't keep the bottles cold enough, so I'd get the cheaper version without itI definately liked the convenience.
During the early stages of breastfeeding and we needed to suplement, it was nice to have the bottle there and not have to go downstairs in the middle of the night.
It either gets too hot or I have to do it several times until it's hot enough because my guess of how much water to use is always off.
I've also got the one without the cooler in my kitchenWe bought this anticipating my husbands on-call performances at night time with our second child (my first was up every 2 - 3 hours for a few months and Daddy got the midnight slot).
However, as I am breastfeeding and occassionally pumping milk I thought we would use it for sure, once in a blue moon it turns out whenever I am leaving baby with Daddy and an expressed bottle of milk (which he can easily leave out for an hour before as its breastmilk/room temperature!)
Our wee one only gets up once a night at 3am so I may as well do it and sleep later into the morning, we're all up at 6am anyway!So, to conclude, not a necessary item for US and hardly used, perhaps formula feeding and more demanding babies would use it - as a shower gift it would be fine but don't bother spending extra yourselfI just don't like this product.
Basically it is boiling the water and the bottom of the bottle gets really hot and if you use the Vent Air bottle the water drips out of the bottom is it is really hot.
If you get into a routine: ( wake up place the bottle in the warmer change the diaper the bottle is done by the time you are and has even had time to cool for a moment).
I only had one problem with getting the bottles 2 hot but that was my fault from heating them twice.
Go figure.
I had a c-section and we lived in a 2 story house, what trips this saved my husband from going downstairs all night was well worth the moneySave your money and go to a local Walmart and get the bottle warmer by Parents choice.
It allows the bottle to be stored on low for 8 hours and actually will boil water if need beGreat product....it really simplifies and speeds up bottle preparation.
Cooler is convenient at night, and the warmer takes all guesswork and hassle out of preparing the bottle.
The first and most obvious use is the fact that you can have a bottle warming while you're changing your baby's diaper, getting them dressed etc...While some will complain that it takes 5 minutes, I find that to be a gross over estimate.
If it truly took 5 minutes my guess is that too much water was being put into the resevoir.The next great use is the fact that it's easy and so any Dad - new or experienced - can figure out how to use it to help out.
It's extremely easy to use so it can even be easily used in the middle of the night.The one weakness that I found has to do with warming up breast milk that's been frozen.
It seems to have some sort of timer that times how long the water in the resevoir has boiled to not let the milk get too hot.
If breast milk has not had an opportunity to thaw out in the fridge yet it will obviously take more than just 1 press of the button for the milk to thaw and be warmed up.
This situation is easily fixed however by remembering (easier said than done when you aren't sleeping much!!)
to take out a bottle 12-18 hours in advance.Overall, great product, great value and a must have.
I would have given it 5 stars if there was a way to set some sort of control to tell it that the bottle is full of frozen liquidI use platex nurser with the disposable liners, and when I tried to heat it in the warmer sometimes it would be cold other times it would get so warm that the liner would leak.
All these bottles warmed up quickly, quietly and beautifully in this warmer.
All you do is just put the water in, snap on the switch, let the bottle sizzle away for a really short while and you can feed with ease.
I have now been able to get the fast and slow of these and was able to find the orthodontic, which were the only ones my kids would accept when first going from breast to bottle, from eBay for around the same price I paid for these, Amazon did have them but at the time they were 3 times the price.
I do still have the silicone ones for when the baby gets older as they work better then but for the next few months, if I can ever get him to accept a bottle over the breast, then I will use theseI ended up purchasing the Playtex Nurser bottle with the Drop-ins after trying various other bottles that my baby wouldn't drink from.
These nipples were a lifesaver and allowed my baby to easily switch between breast and bottle.
But while he couldn't tell the difference I did enjoy having couple of these nipples with the disposable pouch when traveling abroad.
It was a life saverI never thought I could feel so much affection towards a latex nipple.
You're going "this woman is nuts," but no, these nipples here allowed me to, oh I don't know, take a quick jaunt to Starbucks and the store sans baby because finally she would take a bottle from someone else!!!
GO old school, get these bottles and the latex nipples.
He is five months old and this is the only nipple he's ever toleratedThis was our 6th bottle/nipple to try on our daughter who refused to take the bottle.
It finally worked!!!
One dripped at about 3-4 drops per second.
So I learned my lesson - order some extra and check the actual flow using this test (fill w/water and hold upside down) as some flow MUCH faster than othersI am very disappointed in this product.
Totally worthless purchase.
After having ordered these, I found out that they cost less at Babies'r'us.
Formula barely comes through.
The babysitter had to spoon feed milk to her.
I tried almost every other bottle and nipple on the market except for the Adiri Breastbottle Nurser - Baby Bottle.
The babysitter discovered that she preferred rubber nipples over silicon ones because they are softer, but she didn't like the shape of other brands, so it was still a struggle to try to get her to drink from a bottle during the day.
I was so worried about my baby until I finally found thePlaytex Bottle 4-oz.
And because the bottle is lightweight and has a hollow bottom, my baby can easily hold the bottle to drink by herselfDaughter strongly prefers to breast feed.
Only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is the quality control is poor; out of the first 4 nipples that we purchased had 2 nonfunctional ones (there was no hole); I now check each nipple first by making sure I can squeeze water out before using itI like the latex nipple because it is softer than the silicone ones and it is easier for my babies to get a good seal on them while eating.
They are so hard to find anymore though.
We did replace them about every 3-4 months depending on how many we had in rotation.Because my babies could get a good seal on these and it prevented a lot of spilled and wasted milk they were worth getting and I will get them again.
(hopefully, they solve the problem with so many defective ones thoughWe had a hard time getting our son to take a bottle, but the latex nipples on the Playtex nurser did the trick!
Great product, especially for the bottle-wary babyI used these with my now 3 year old b/g twins and my now 8 month old b/b twins.
They really were easier to clean, because food didnt get stuck on the bottom, and they really kept the gas at bay.
These bottles are really easy to use, and they are, in fact easier to clean!
They fit in my Avent bottle sterilizer and they are a nice shape to get the milk easier.
Though there are many parts, they work MUCH better than the avents and live up to their word that they make gas much less frequent and a problemThese are the first VentAire bottles I've used, and I'm impressed!
He seems to like the nipple.
But if I'm washing a bottle anyway, it's really not a big deal.
My NB became accustomed to the Breastflow type so it was hard to switch him, but we had to due to such bad gas problems.
The only problem I found with these were the nipples.. We got a fast-flow and even though he's a savage eater, it was just a little too fast for him so he gave up completely.
Definitely would buy again if I hadn't already stocked up, haha!One thing to note:: These bottles DO NOT work if you're trying to switch parts with any other brand.
(which is why the docking of 1*) It's not as wide a neck as Breastflow and Gumdrop, and not small enough to fit standard hospital bottles and Medela brand.
I never could get her to take to these bottles.
If she had to spend any length working to get her food on the slower nipples, she'd turn around and really scream if I tried to nurse her since she was too tired and gassy.
Faster flow, gagging child and still lot of gas.I loved the way they broke down, but the plastic inserts and the angles never did seem to do anything better about gas than my Avent bottles.
These seemed to be along the same lines and cheaper, so we gave them a try.Overall, I would say that these are a great product for their price.
Like the Avent bottles, they are easy to clean and there are not any thin tube/weird parts that are hard to clean and need to be replaced periodically (which is what drove me away from the Dr. Browns and Tommee Tippie bottles.)
First, the nipple has a softer ring section that seems to allow it to collapse in (not flat) if there is too much pressure in the bottle.
This is only really a problem when the little one is getting lazy at the end of her bottle, and will just start to let go of the nipple causing it to vent through the nipple.
(deep blues, purples, etcwe bought this for my daughter because we do a combination of breast feed and formula feed.
our daughter used to get a lot of gas with AVENT bottles but ever since we switched to these she did not have any problems.
Also you dont have to burp her as much, very minimal amount of gas actually goes in while feeding.i recommend this product to every parentsWhen I first saw this, I was sure that it would leak, but it just seemed like such an innovative idea that I bought one anyway.
The bottle is incredibly easy to clean because both ends can be removed.I unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
I was so sure that it would leak if I put anything liquid in it.
So, I washed the bottle in hot water.
I've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed.
It didn't leak.
This bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leaked.I also liked how these bottles were wide and took similar nipples as the disposable bottles from Playtex, which makes switching back and forth from the Playtex disposable and reusable bottles much easier and causes less nipple confusionI have used Playtex bottles for all my children.
All my kids had problems with gas bubbles as babies and these bottle really helped stop this problem.
This meant a better nights sleep for them and me.I also love that Playtex uses bottle liners.
Easy cleaning, allows for breastfeeding moms to store milk and many other advantages you'll find as you use them.Highly recommend these bottle to everyone.
The angle makes it easier to hold the bottle.
Dr Brown has too many parts to clean and to store.
Overall, i really like these bottles, and strongly recommend themThese are very good bottles.
I've had them leak several times but it's been because I haven't let the latex valve on the base air dry completely.
I had tried Playtex in the past but didn't care for the smaller nipple and found that if I wasn't really careful with sealing the bottle it would leak.
They are easy to clean and store.
I thought at first this would be a hassle but it is not much extra work to clean (more pieces to keep track of though).
It cut down on the gas problems my daughter had and really I had no trouble cleaning them.
There was one bottle that for whatever reason leaked when I shook the bottle to mix it.
Seeing that it was only one bottle out of the 6 that we have, I am not too bothered by it.
Ultimately it's a fine product and I would recommend itThe nipple is one that got rave reviews.
The weight is more or less evenly distributed and leakage, if any is minimal.
This also results in less gas and burping and a cleaner feeding time all aroundSo I don't normally review, however I really like this product and highly recommend it to all of my friends.
I had my set for 10 months now and they never leaked.
I read some of the reviews and those that complain about these bottles leaking probably tend to over tighten the caps.
We've only been using these a few weeks, but he hasn't spit up near as much.
Since the top is curved, it's easier to spill the formula if you don't turn it with the lower side towards you when pouring it in.-The small bottle is 6 ounces as opposed to 5 ounces on all the other bottles we've used.
At first, I was really excited about this, but you still can't make a 6 ounce bottle using powdered formula.
There's not enuogh room to mix it up.
So, you can still only use it as a 4 ounce bottle IF using powdered formula.
There's plenty of room if you're using liquid or breast milk for 6 ounces.
(This set only has the 9 ounce bottles, though).-There's 6 pieces to put together for each bottle.
I like them to match, though.-The "slow" nipple is VERY slow!
If you're using breast milk, the "slow" nipple is perfect.
It's fast enough that you don't have to widen the hole or anything.
When I shake up the bottle to mix the formula, sometimes drips go flying.
Other times they can be filled with water and in my diaper bag all day without a drop missing.
I'd still recommend themWith my first child I used the Playtex Drop-Ins, then switched to the standard VentAire once I got tired of buying more liners all the time.
This was apparently a mistake.
Our new little one is 2 weeks old and I've had numerous issues with these bottles.
I've even had the leak out the bottom a couple of times for no apparent reason.
2 weeks in and I'm already this frustrated, I can't imagine another year of this nonsense.
Hurray!I really wanted to try these to see if they'd cut down on burping.
She took it without much problem and I'm confident it won't be an issue when I go back to work.The venting also seems to work as she doesn't swallow a lot of air - doesn't burp or get gas a lot.
Does this happen to anyone else?
I do like that the bottle is bent so it is easier to feed my baby.
Around 6 or 7 months I noticed that my baby seemed to be working too hard when taking her bottle.
I switched back to the stage 2 nipples.
She was used to sucking really hard, and so the faster flow gagged her a little.
She dribbled a lot more out of her mouth, too.
After a week or so she learned to slow down.
She doesn't seem to mind, so why should I?
I have plenty of burp cloths to clean her up with!I have had a few leaks, BUT each time it was my fault.
(Looking back, what was I thinking?
That was total overkill!!!)
The wide size cleans up easily no matter how you choose to clean them.After reading some other reviews, I guess I would be a little upset too if I bought a bunch of bottles only to find out they weren't right for me and my baby.
She said instead of buying a lot of bottles up front or a big starter pack, buy one or two of the individual ones in the brand(s) you want to try.
By doing this you have them on hand, so there is no middle of the night baby-won't-take-the-bottle trauma.
She said to still register for the big box, but just don't open it.
Will try the standard bottles since the ventaire system does seem to workHighly recommend buying online from Amazon the prices in the store are a lot higher these are good bottles cause you can actually hear the air coming out bottom less colic, and you can take them apart so your getting a cleaner bottle and can order different flow nipples .
Recommend this itemI used VentAire bottles with my daughter 12 years ago and was excited to get a chance to try them again.
I am blown away at the product today.1.
When the baby drank, there were no bubbles at all around the mouth so I know the valve in the bottom was working as it is supposed to.3.
The bottles have reduced his gas and they seem to be the only nipples he can suck on without bending or compressing them.
That said, we've had difficulty finding replacement nipples for them!
The stores in our area sell only the stage 2 Vent Aire Natural Shape nipples.
The regular stage 1 Vent Aire nipples are too small for these bottles.
Still, I'd recommend these bottles highlyBought these because my boy has acid reflux and is supposed to eat upright.
However they leak.
Had others try them for me, they leaked for them.
They are not worth the money, I won't even attempt to sell them at a yard sale because I dont want to burden anyone with the frustration of a leaky bottle.
DO NOT BUYThese are the only bottles my 8 week old will drink from.
My son did have gas problems, but after these bottles the problem fanished!
My boys only take the natural nipple, and I have yet to see another bottle with a similar nipple shape.
There is no "special trick" to getting the bottles to seal correctly so there aren't any leaks, which is how a bottle should be... you shouldn't have to line up arrows or wet the rim first, thats none-sense.
and the shape is great for the release of air to reduce gas problems ((which my boys have never had a huge problem with, and I thank the ventaire bottles!))
It is VERY easy to clean, I just rinse out the bottles in the sink ((just some warm water and soap)), and then I put the long bottle part on the highest rack of my dishwasher, and the rings, bases, nipples and disks go into the smaller baskets that I purchased for the dishwasher.
I have NEVER had a problem with the dishwasher ruining nipples or disks, and so far no leaks ((although I do recommend changing nipples and disks every few months, they DO start to wear!
)).There IS one thing I would like to add.
One of my friends who has a daughter a bit older than my boys was at first dissapointed in the ventaires because they leaked in her diaper bag while traveling with them... We realized that this is because the bottle caps are NOT meant for preventing leaks while thrown into a diaper bag!
When its feeding time I add water, shake, and have a ready-made bottle!
I found them at BRU)).All in all GREAT bottles, highly recommendedMy son is 3 months old and from birth has been extremely gassy.
As soon as I switched I noticed a major reduction in my sons gas.
I also immediately noticed that he was burping better, both during and after a feeding.
formula leaked from the bottom of the bottle where the vents are located.
I ended up having to clean the bottle warmer, the counter top, the VentAire bottle and the feed to and finished Dr. Brown bottle.This is by far the worst venting system everNow that I have your attention, I like these bottles a whole bunch.
Just unscrew and clean all parts (which is not require lots of time, patience, and tools)!
I have purchased the (fast) flowing nipples now since my son got tired of the slow ones that were helpful when he was 3 months oldI got these because I babysit my nephew who is breast fed.
He has been very fussy about "bottle" substitutions for mom, but he adjusted quite quickly to these nipples.
While they aren't mom, he is consolable and accepting of this system!
Certainly makes feeding time while mom's away a whole lot less stressfulI love these bottles.
They are super easy to clean because they come completely apart (the bottom comes off) and they don't leak.
We like both, but happen to use these more now because we lost our fast nipples for the AVENT.My little one is now 6 months old, and up until recently was both bottle and breastfed.
)We needed some more of the larger size bottles since she is now having 6oz per feeding, and putting 6 oz in the 6oz bottles is a bit tight.
(For some reason, I can't find a reasonably price set of just the fast nipples for these anywhereI know they have a lot of parts and are kind of a pain to clean but my daughter loves them.
These really helped my daughter with colic along eith switching her to hypoallergenic formula.
She flat out refused all others.
We use these Blue nipples now that my daughter is older (thicker plastic), but used the clear Natural nurser nipples when she was younger and the product still worked and didn't leakI use these bottles and avent bottles (i have an avent pump)and noticed that with the avent bottles my milk had a horrible amount of bubbles.
every baby is different) and he has spit up only twice.
(He is one week old)The only problem I have is that I cannot find an adapter that will fit my avent pump and fit these bottles to pump directly into them which makes the avent bottles a little more convenient with breastmilk and playtex doesnt make a hand pump.When I decide to stop pumping I'll definitely give him these bottles exclusivelyI tried the regular version of these bottles, too.I babysit a friend's 5 mo old boy, he tends to spit up.
I gave his mom the pack of regular bottles and I keep these at my house to use with him when he's here.
It definitely makes for far less laundry when the baby doesn't spit up nearly as much!
i know this is hard to do, but it could save you some money.
He also gets less gas.
Just remove the bottle from the adapter ring after pumping, put the sealing disc on, and store until feeding.
I've found that the storage kits (deluxe kit and the ones in the permium nurser gift set) including sealing discs that are the flimsy silicone pieces that fit into the nipple ring work better with the Ventaires than the sealing discs in this kit.
We've had a few leak from the top when mixing (we have to add some prune juice for our daughter) a bottle with the hard top sealing disc.
We store these bottles on their bottom in the fridge, and have never had a problem with leaks.
It only takes a few minutes since, and whalaa (NO NEED FOR A BOTTLE WARMER!
If I have extra milk I just freeze it in an ice cube tray, and store in Ziploc freezer bags.
Annoying, inconvenient, and a hassle.
The bottle has six parts total.Overall, while the bottles look nice, I think the Ventaire concept is really a gimmack and a poorly executed one at that.
What good is a bottle if it's nearly impossible to get anything to come out of it?
She was very gassy!We tried everything... Dr. Browns, Tommy Tippee, and Gerber and none of them worked... plus the Dr. B and Tommy Tippee are much more expensive.
The only downsides- the neck opening is a little small, it makes it more difficult to scoop formula into the bottle, and sometimes the nipple will collapse.
I tried these hoping that it would help my baby sleep better with less gas but there were several problems right away.
It was really hard to get the top just so, so it wouldn't leak.
I wouldn't choose this one againwould NEVER buy any other bottle but these.
The nipples are interchangeable, so my son has no problem with the bottle change-up.I was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled, but I think he just likes me holding it, so he has yet to hold the bottle himself.
The bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
They wash up quickly and I usually put them in my Avent microwave sterilizer.My one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples.
I suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jumpThese were SUCH a pain to clean and use - my kitchen looked like a science lab.
I threw them all outThis bottle design was great for my little one.
We had been using shorter, fatter bottles and it was frustrating to my daughter since she really wanted to hold it on her own, but she had difficulty with the bottle design.
With these bottles, she was able to hold it up pretty well rather quickly.
However, we stopped using them because nipples would clog.
Our daughter was breast fed mostly, but used these a few times a week.Venting system: I do hear air going back in the back end, so I suppose it is doing its job to some degree, but I also see air going back in through the nipple.Ease of washing: I dont think the five parts are all that difficult to wash/keep track of.
We've generally handwashed the bottles and parts, but have put them through the dishwasher with success.Leaking: We ususally have at least one bottle a week that leaks.
Also, why do they sell three packs of bottles and only two packs of nipples?
Silly.Having not used anything else, I can't really compare.
The multiple parts (5) make it easy to get these bottles clean.
of water was in the bottle as according to the scoops of formula.
I prefer these hands down.
I was skeptical at first, but my son actually seems to have less gas after eating from these bottles.
The only downside to these is that each bottle has 5 parts, so if you don't have a dishwasher they would be pain to clean.
I looked at the ammount in the bottle after a few minutes and he hadnt gotten anything.
he still had the same problem!
Although she is older now (not a newborn) I have been quite tired and upset with Dr. Brown's bottles that we were using since her birth.
I replaced them twice and each time they have leaked from the screw cap area.
In fact she likes them better and seeks them out when wanting her bottle.
I like how the bottle and the top come off so you can clean the entire bottle with easy, rather then a fight.
Most importanly though they did not leak at all.
But none should leak from the screw cap area, and I was happy these did not leak.
We have used them well over a month now, going on two and love them!feeds your baby with virtually no bubbles and less gas and spit ups.
bottle that promotes semi-upright feeding and deters ear infections.
Natural shape nipple is designed for switching between bottle and breast.
Safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning.
Made of hypoallergenic plastic.
Colors May VaryDesigned for babies switching between breast and bottle or transitioning from breast to bottle feedingVentAire Advanced bottles are easy to clean and come with a leak-proof, breakproof guaranteeBPA freeMade by Playtex - A leader in infant feedingColors vary: Boy-white/green/blue, Girl-white/yellow/pink, Neutral-white/green/yellow1.
Making the transition from breast to bottle was fairly simple, as long as I heat the bottle of milk up first!
Bottle is easier to clean.
Sure it comes in pieces, but I like the fact that because the bottom comes apart, I can really get the bottles clean.
The bottom of the conventional bottles would never get quite that clean, even when I use those bottle brushes.
The brushes don't get into the crevices on the bottom so there's that thin layer of dried milk or something that's always there.3.
It seems like I don't have to burp her so often, and she doesn't spit up.5.
These are a vast improvement over the previous design!
The disc in the bottom is bigger - it's not a small little flap that can get lost in the dishwasher or even the countertop.
The other advantage is that the bottom silicone ring screws in and fits very well into the bottom ring so it's hard not to get a good seal and create a leak.
I never saw bubbles in the water, either.
It's wide, so younger babies may have problems holding it on their own initially, but for me, that didn't detract from their overall use or awesomeness.From a breastfed-baby standpoint, these are probably not the best idea because, if you hold the bottle upside down, or tilted at an angle similar to what you would for a feeding, the fluid just drips out.
A lot of moms who don't have colicky babies use the bottle because it's such a trustworthy product.
If you do use a bottle brush (I do sometimes) you don't get sprayed with soap or water as the opening to the bottles are wide enough to prevent the mess.
I shopped around and every time I do I end up coming back to Amazon.
I thought we'd give these a try since the nipple is wide and short (more similar to the "real thing") and she will now take a bottle!
This set comes with 3 bottles and 3 nipples.
Overall, I'm VERY satisfied with these and would DEFINITELY recommend these bottles to any nipple picky babyThis has a few 'moving parts' but easily assembled and washed.
They interchange with the the nipples on the playtex drop in bag system, too.
The best feature is the size, as you can get 7 ounces in it, but is short and squat and easier for the baby to hold ontoThere are so many types and styles and brands of bottles on the market now that it's hard to know which to try and use - often it's dictated by what your baby chooses and works best for them.
I used AVENT bottles before and they were horrible with leaking, but the Playtex Ventaire bottles solve that problem.
I've found this has helped my baby as we switch between breast and bottle feeding.
When it comes to feeding the little guy and a bottle is needed, my niece had gas trouble with the original nipple for the bottle.
But since she got these, the baby is less gaseous, happier, and that means his parents sleep a little better at night.
This now is her preferred brand, thanks to the Vine programI've used these bottles for all three of my kids as they are the only thing I've found that most closely resemble the breast.
Including these overpriced bottles.The good:The do drastically reduce gas compared to standard bottles.They are easy to sanitize since they can be disassembled.They come in really pretty colors.The newer models seem to have better rubber rings that the first design.The bad:There are other bottles that do a better job of reducing gas.They are a PAIN IN THE BUTT to clean.
Must be completely disassembled.If you don't fit the rubber rings in to perfection, they leak.They don't always leak right away, so if you prep a bottle ahead of time, you may find it in the fridge seeping out everywhere.The rings break down after continued use and you will have to replace them.Replacement rings are so hard to find and expensive that you're better off buying new bottles.The don't fit in any standard bottle holder because of their strange shape.They are incompatible with bottle warmers.I will continue to use these because my baby is almost off of bottles and they were really pricey to acquire, but I wouldn't endorse them highlyThese are my babies preferred bottles.
He has GERD and these don't bother him.
Brown's bottles didn't solve the gas issue, but neither did Playtex Vent Aire.
Aside from the fancy name, Playtex did not reduce baby's painful gas (from breast milk).
Also, the bottom can leak if not forcefully tightened - I lost 2 ounces of precious breast milk with these lousy Playtex bottles which were recommended by the women's clinic.
For people who produce little breast milk, losing 2 ounces is like losing large 24 karat gold nuggets in the sink.
I think that I heard the venting taking place ONCE when Playtex Vent Aire was dry.
Since then, even when dry, I rarely hear the venting of air.
All Playtex does is make you vent your frustrations in the product reviewsThese bottle were tested out on my 6 mo old grandson.
What distinguishes these is that they are supposed to prevent gas and colic.
The shape of the bottle is a little different too, but that really didn't make it any easier or more difficult in any way for us, so that was more of a style difference than anything else.
I am glad I didn't spend the money on them because the instructions warn not to use them in an electric bottle warmer.
We all know you aren't supposed to microwave bottles either, so you are left with the only other option, placing the bottle in boiling water to warm.
That works fine except when you tip the bottle up to feed the baby, the boiling hot water that has been trapped in the vent holes drips down your hand/arm, and potentially onto the baby!
Now I have to remember every time to make sure I get a towel and shake the bottle a little to make sure all the vent holes are emptied out before feeding our baby.
They haven't helped at all, and one of them leaks like crazy all over the place.
My child has not had much gas since using this product.
The angled neck is easy for me to hold while my baby is sitting up and prevents excessive gas in her stomach.
Also, it's a great price compared to other well-known BPA free bottles (some of which were $10 per bottleThe only word that comes to mind to describe this bottle is garbage!
I'm a nurse and used to working with all types of equipment and I know junk when I see it.
All babies get gas, all babies need to burp.
Make sure you twist the bottom on correctly, or milk will leak.
They are a little stiff, but after more use it is easier to twist them off and on.
I saw bubbles popping and could hear the air escaping while my baby ate.
There are several little pieces that are part of these bottles, but they seem to do a good job of limiting gas, etc.
No bad seals.
I would rate the VentAire system 6 stars if I couldI ordered these bottles because they claim to alleviate gaseiness, my 3 month old had horrible gas issues.
These Playtex bottles leak horrible, and when you place them in the bottle warmer even worse because they get water in middle of the bottom rim, so they will be leaking anyways, for the amount of parts to clean up, I did not mind I'm used to it, cause I've always used Dr. Browns wich have several parts, these Playtex bottles got my baby full of gas wich defeats the porpouse of them bottles, they make so much bubbles in the nipples you can see and hear them, and the last thing is the nipple collapses so bad my baby stoped getting the flow and the nipples are really hard.
bottom line, I ordered my 3 set of Dr. Browns wide neck shipping next day and I'll be ordering a second set very soon.
They also have a nice shape and they look pretty nice too.My one major complaint is about the way the product comes packaged.
Basically this product gives you three 9 ounce bottles for about $12 (current price).
The newborn starter kit is a much better value.
On the other hand, if you just want a few bottles plain and simple, this is definitely the product to buy.
Very pleasedThe design seemed pretty neat with the whole angled idea and the vented bottom, however if you are the one stuck washing bottles at the end of the day don't buy these.
There are too many parts.
These come apart into 6 parts (including the cap)!
Moms know that every minute counts when you have a little one and there are better options out thereMom loved these but with other more high-tech bottles, it takes a while to get into "the zone."
These just don't feel like anything special.
And they are unnecessarily hard to clean.
The bottoms come off, and if there's a benefit to that (less gas, less fussiness), I haven't located it - these are just harder to clean with no demonstrative benefit.So I'm just going to pack these away for now and buy the 8 ounce medala bottles for his feedings.
It just makes more since to me to continue with a product I already knowI love the Vent-air bottles - tthat has been all we have been using for months now.
I have never had a problem with leaking, those that do might not tighten the parts enough.
There are about 5 parts total to the bottle, but it is very easy to take apart and clean with no special tool needed.
I only give 4 stars because they don't sell the the little vent disk that goes in the bottom of the bottle seperatly.
It does come with two extra disks, but might be helpful to also sell extra disks at the store.
I'm glad I saved those because I couldn't stand these.
They leaked everywhere, the nipples were flimsy and my son had the hardest time trying to get anything out of them.
I had to switch him to the larger stage and STILL he had problems.
These are so much better.Super easy to clean (I just soak everything in the sink with hot water, dish soap and a little white vinegar) and the bent angle has been great.
My baby is a super fast eater and I can actually slow him down by twisting the bottle while in his mouth after a few gulps and letting him suck on the empty nipple, then twist back again to give him a little more, repeat the process until he's done.
I found the condensation from the warmer does collect in the bottom lid gap but I just cap the bottle, turn upside and tap the bottom on a kitchen towel to get the excess water out.Highly recommend these if you have a fast eaterJust what this type a mom needed to organize the closet.
Besides the color I'd recommend this product.
You often think you have more than enough clothes but then realize you only have snow suits and long sleeve onesies for your 6 month only in July.
I just didn't realize that I'd probably be putting most of baby's clothes in the dresser at first...so there's not much in the closet to actually organize.
I have also since seen some pretty neat do-it-yourself ideas to achieve the same goal that you could come up with.As for the actual product, it comes with 5 hanging tags and then a bunch of label stickers to stick on them.
(The labels being: Newborn, 3 month, 6 month, etc...up to 24 month.)
I kept all my baby's clothes organized and also helped me see what he need/had not worn yet.
They stand out against the hangers and clothes so I can see them.
I am thinking about buying another set because we have a closet organizer and I had to pick which racks I could use them.
Good problem to haveI feel like my babies closet is a rack in a department store.
Very cute and organized according to sizeI wish I had purchased this product before my baby shower!
My husband was constantly looking in the wrong section for an outfit, and it was just chaos!
Now, with these simple little markers, I feel completely organized, and I can easily sort out her outfits, so there is no excuse not to be able to grab her an outfit quickly.
I will definitely purchase these for any future children I have, and continue to use them for many years to comeThis is a must have for all new, and really any mom!
Keeps my daughters closet organized.
We received SO many clothes it was hard to see which ones I had to use before she grew out of that size.
The sizes go up to 2T and beyond!
I placed NB, 3mth, etc stickers on one size, and then larger sizes stickers on back of NB hanger (once NB clothing retires, flip around to use as an 18month markerI love this product.
Then once every few weeks go through your closet (ALL clothes) and see how each item would fit your baby and arrange accordinglyThey are easy to use but hard to see the numbers once in the closet.
I think I would have been better off with the ones where the dividers show on the sideThese are helpful to keep the different clothes sorted by size so you can put clothes of many sizes in the closet without getting them mixed up and making it easier to locateGot exactly what I wanted in this product.
Very easy to use, divides things nicely, and is a good quality productI dont know what kind of crazy closet bar we have, I know it is new and was purchased at a hardware store...and these do not fit.
I really like that tooJust bought this the other day and got them in and already have them hung in my little girls closet!
We got a ton of hand me down clothes and have a closet full of clothes ranging from newborn to 2 years oldIt is it is.
Nothing special about the dividers, but they do their job.i don't use the stickers on them so that I can reuse as the sizes get largerGreat for organizing clothes for a nursery.
Two stickers are provided for each of several sizes.
I'm disappointed that the stickers that come with it are &#34;3 months&#34; &#34;6 months&#34; etc.
rather than &#34;0-3 months&#34; and &#34;3-6 months.&#34; Many clothes are like this these days as well and it's not very helpful for us.
They tend to not slide very well on our older, metal rods (they are also thicker than most newer rods) but I'm positive this would not be a problem on a plastic tension rod or something of the sort--just gets stuck on the metal I thinkUsing these for a nursery.
The color is a bit more earthy and darker than pictured but it really doesn't matter and they are working out fine.Update: They really are not good on wooden rods as they barely fit and have to be forced if you want to move them at allWith 3 boys close in age who all share one closet, these organizers are a must!
They help me keep the 4 year old from wearing pants 4 inches too long, and the 6 year old from wearing high-waters.
And since getting them, not once has my husband dressed either of our older boys in the toddler's clothesI purchased the Baby Buddy Size-It Closet Organizers in Royal Blue.1.
Compatability - Easily slips over the metal hanging rod of our closet, but is made to fit even the higher quality wooden dowel-type closet rods.3.
Functionality - Though set comes with five organizers, stickers are included up unto size 8 for children's clothes.
Quality - Plastic is bendable to get over a clothes dowel, but not to the point of creating weakness in the plastic or breaking.
Obviously, it will break if abused, but product has enough give to be put on and taken off dowel repeatedly.I have been given a ton of baby clothes for my baby girl and this tool is a great way to organize all the cute outfits by size so that she does not grow out of a size before she can wear the outfit.
They are big enough to be noticeable up above the clothes but not too big as to interfere with the shelf above the hanging clothes rack.
They're greatI realized very early on that I was receiving so many different sized clothes for my new baby girl that I couldn't keep track of how many pieces of clothing I had in each size.
I purchased these dividers thinking I was being silly to go to this extent of organization!
But as soon as I received them and put them in the closet I realized how much easier it was to keep track of what I had in each size.
I probably never would have noticed otherwise that I was desperately short of newborn sized clothing before it was too late!
I had previously just been looking at the total amount in the closet and thinking I was doing good on the clothing supply.
Because I received so many larger sized clothes from recent new mom friends and shower gifts I was running out of room for smaller sizes so my next purchase is a closet doubler (see my link).Organize It All 1346W Closet Doubler, ChromeI think these two products will compliment each other very well!
Only complaint is that if you use these in a closet with a shelf above the bar they may not fit completely as the tops of the dividers are very highGreat deal!
My son keeps accidentally throwing his spoons away with his yogurt, so these are replacements and I am glad to not have to invest too much for themI bought these because they were cheap and provided plenty spoons for your money.
They hold up well, even in the dishwasher with hot temperatures.
We keep them for a year or longerA great product, well-made and well-priced.
they have never melted and are sturdy enough to reuseThese are almost too nice to &#34;toss&#34;, unless you really had to.
Dishwasher safe but also don't feel bad about throwing them away is the end up in some far corner of the couchI bought these for use on a camping trip and ended up reusing most of them despite my intent to use them as disposables.
Now I keep a few extras in the car, diaper bag, etc.
for when I inevitably forget a regular spoon.They're the perfect size for little mouths and great to swap in when someone wants to just teethe on the spoon instead of eating.
)Also, the handles are easier for ME to hold than the flat metal ones - the contours give me a better grip.We're starting to try to get her to feed herself and I'm offering her these and the toddler-sized take-and-toss spoons to use.
Messy but funThey can be washed over and over in the dishwasher and at the same time, can be thrown away without guilt when out and about as they are so cheapI got these spoons for a trip and planned to throw them away but like them so much I had to keep some of them, and plan to buy more if we ever run out.
They go through the dishwasher fine.
I have twin babies and needed a lot of spoons that were small enough for little mouths., price was great.The handle is not too deep so they do fit in the funny little slots of my silverware holder in the dishwasher.
I would not throw them away if I don't have to.
They washed really well in the dishwasher because they are thicker and sturdier.
I was worried they would melt, but they did great!
Once my kiddo got up to three meals a day, we were going through the spoons so fast we were constantly running out.
For the same price as the Munchkin spoons, we got 16 of these!
These are smaller so they fit better in his little hand.
Don't have to worry about washing every day, can just throw in the dishwasher and then there are plenty in the reserve to use16 pieces seems excessive until one drops on the floor, one is thrown, he'll want to hold one and feed himself, etc.
The size was perfect, they were sturdy and not flimsy or cheap like an adult disposable spoon.
And the price was great to be able to feed him either in the car or at a restaurant and just throw away the spoon and not worry about washing/rinsing them and re-packing them.
Don't go with the more expensive spoons.
You get a lot of spoons for a low price, and they are durable yet don't hurt my baby's teeth when he wants to chew on one, and he also can't chew threw them because they are thick and sturdy.
I love these so much more than those metal spoons with the rubberized ends that occasionally hurt my baby's mouth when he bites in too far or the edge catches his gums.
These spoons are keepers, and I will order more if I end up losing too manyNice and shallow, easy to use, plus easy for my daughter to hold.
You get so many for a great price and they're not cheap either.
Plus, like everyone else is saying - no need to toss, they can easily be washed over and over againThese spoons are perfect for babies just starting solids.
And since it's a 16-pack they will last me for a long while.
Not to mention it's a great deal :DNeedless to say, I would absolutely recommend this product to any parentYou can't beat the price.
I purchased these to take with me on day/ weekend trips.
They were cheap enough so that I wouldn't be upset if I ever lost one.They are much sturdier than I expected for something considered &#34;toss-able.&#34; I have washed these in my dishwasher twice already and they are holding up great.
I would not recommend these spoons for children over the age of 2.The product arrived at my door in 5 daysThe fact that these spoons are inexpensive make them perfect for daycare.
I discovered negative #1 in the store: it uses a giant safety pin (as well as a strap) to attach to the seatback.
My car has a leather interior, and the last thing I wanted to do was poke holes in the leather!
There was also a velcro tape that we could use to stick the mirror onto the seatback.
The negatives there were a) sticky glue residue on the leather and b) when we need to fold down the rear seat for transporting bikes or something equally large, the rear seat would fold precisely right down where the mirror would be, so we'd be constantly removing it and the velcro tape and then reattaching it.
I suppose it's okay for a fabric-covered seat or for a small car that doesn't have fold-down rear seats, but for an SUV or minivan it's really not usableAfter buying and returning no fewer than 4 different mirrors for our car, this one finally made the cut.
The problem is, it won't stay in place no matter how tightly you adjust the straps.
I am constantly adjusting this mirror!
This is a hastle because you have to adjust it, then get into the drivers seat and check it and re-adjust if necessary and when you go to look back at the kids and it's not in the right spot it can be frustrating!
However, I have adjusted mine to where I want it (hooked to the top teather) and velcroed it in place... it seems to stay pretty much where I need it now.
I gave it four stars because it does the job (now!
It is at a bit of an angle, but who cares as long as I can see my son?
Especially if it kept me from turning around in my seat every few minutesWhen we first purchased and installed this mirror, it was a God-send!
We felt so much better being able to see our son without pulling over or, worse, wrecking the car.
I had a little trouble getting the mirror to attach correctly but once I got it to stay, it is a lifesaver!
It is worth every pennyThis is OK.. Its really hard to position and in a smaller car isnt really worth it.
I would return it but I already threw away the thing it came in...
Sometimes he grabs on it for stability and then he would fall.
This stove guard is a little flimsy.
Also my son is very strong little guy.
IT DOES COME WITH QUALITY 3M TAPE, but that could not hold the weight.
I just got this a few days ago and it does not stay on.
It falls off about 3 times a day.
If I use the oven it falls off within minutesI have been using this guard for about 3 weeks now, and it does exactly what it is suppose to do.
I was very disappointed.
Thinking of getting more stickies to try it out againWe purchased two because our stove is on the end of our countertop.
We cook on the range a lot, and the one on the front fell off after about a month.
I'm buying some 3M VHB tape from Amazon and will give it a second try.As far as installation, the clips were a little hard to get onto the shields at first, but it's easy to adjust the width to fit your range.Overall, I'd say it's worth the price compared to the other options I've foundIt worked well for a few weeks then the adhesive wore off and quit sticking.
Now it is just a crappy piece of plasticThis product is three pieces of rectangular plastic that fit side by side and overlap a bit.
Pretty steep.
It sticks out from the oven at a 45 degree angle ALL THE TIME.
So when you're walking through the kitchen it's in the way, even if you're not cooking.
It gets hot!
Yes, but other than that it's a pretty poor design in my opinion.
Would not buy againI have tried several stove guards, and this seems like the only one that might work, but I don't think the adhesive will last very long.
I'm here again to buy a new one because we have a new toddler in the house who nearly grab a pan yesterday (super scary moment there!)!
I do recommend this product!
Our stove has cast iron grates that get really hot when we cook.
After my child started walking I was really nervous they were going to reach up and touch the grate - not now!
Come off really easy out of their brackets to clean.
Would recommend if you want a little extra security around the stoveThis lock installed in ten seconds and sticks in place no problem.
Clearly it is not a toy, nor is there educational valueBe sure to use the sealing discs between this and the bottle or milk will get everywhereI'm sure the product is fine, however, it doesn't fit The First Years Breastflow bottles as I had hoped.
I couldn't find any information anywhere about whether it would fit the breastflow bottles, so I went ahead and ordered this.
Wish I would have realized that the first time because I leaked.
But with the rings, they work perfectlyOne thing to point out in particular, you get two sets.
There is no need to purchase two if you double pump.
I made that mistake.
The plastic is heavy duty and prevent from having to purchase the bottles that go with your machine specifically which can be expensive.
They have saved me a lot if time too.
Previously, I would pump into medela bottles, then pour into avent to feed.
Now I have one less bottle to wash every time I pump.
I would definitely buy againI really, really needed this conversion kit to work so that I can cut down on the amount of hand washing I do each day.
After reading other reviewers comment they used it with their Medela pumps, I was hopeful.
Sadly, while this kit DOES in fact work on one end with the Medela pumping parts, it does NOT work on the other end with my Born Free glass bottles.
While the width seems like it would work with the wide-mouth glass bottles, the parts are simply not threaded the sameI love this product!
It also cuts down on the wasted breast milk since I pump right into what she feeds from.
Make sure when you buy this product it comes with two of each of the adapter rings.
The old conversion set only came with one of each since ring.
So much easierI use this to pump with myPump In Style Advanced Breast Pump Backpackand pump directly into my AVENT bottles.
I learned that the hard wayI was so hoping this would work with the drop ins bottles so I could pump right into the drop ins, but no.
It was a waste of money for me but I'm sure a dandy producti use this with my medela to pump directly into the avent bottles.
as another reviewer has mentioned, the nipples on the medela bottle tend to collapse.
I also like that it came with adaptors for the Avent Via breastmilk storage containers as I use those as wellIt is great for pumping with my medela pump, but I lost a lot of breast milk by capping it and transporting.
however, i noticed that milk leaks to the outside of the bottle while pumping.
this has happened quite a few times, which is very disappointing.
in retrospect, i missed something that was pretty obvious, but i wish there were some instructions that specified thisI hated switching from a standard bottle to the avent bottle and now I can just pop an avent bottle on my original pump.
This is going to clear up so much spaceGlad I got this, made it possible to pump directly into my Avent bottles rather than the smaller ones that came with the pumpI didn't use these for long, as I switched from Avent to Tommee Tippee due to baby having problems with fussiness due to gas.
I am knocking off 2 stars because milk leaks out if the bottle is tipped.
You don't have to worry about transferring milk and risk spilling it.
These seal well.
These adapters fit great onto the pump and the Philips bottles.
I can't believe it took me 2 months to find there but I'm so glad that I did.
So before these converters I had to stop pumping, dump out, blah blah blah it took forever and I always spilled at least a little bit and it interrupted my flow of milk.
Now that I can pump directly into the bottles I am getting significantly more milk in less time.
Also I have a ton less dishes to was and store since I have eliminated the Medela storage bottles.
These are a must buyI only use the smaller adapters that come in this set.
So I don't think it's necesary to send both.
It would be better if avent just made the threads go all the way around...
I aim the white flapper so that it lines up and directly faces one of the four sets of threads.
If the flapper is aimed anywhere in between those threads, then it can get up inbetween and escape out.
It's hard without a pictureThese worked with the Medela Breast Pump.
One size did work with the Natural Flow bottlesOkay, so you're probably wondering why I'm so excited about a simple product like this, huh?
The answer is simple - this is a great, almost mandatory, accessory for breast pumping.
Our children are and have always been fed with exclusively breast milk.
During those feedings when my wife can't feed them directly, she pumps and we feed them refrigerated (or frozen) milk.
The little 4-oz bottles that originally came with the pump worked great at first - but our twins are growing fast, and now regularly eat more than 4 ounces per feeding.That left us with two options: my wife could start taking a large cooler with her so that she could pump into more than one bottle per side each session (which would be a long, inconvenient, and somewhat messy process to change bottles mid-pumping) or to pump into larger bottles.
After returning my AVENT pump and realizing that I would have to go with a different brand I immediately bought these.
I rented the Medela hospital pump and these worked perfectly.
I only used these with the hospital pump so I don't know how well they work with other brands.
I would completely recommend these if you plan on using AVENT bottles without the AVENT pumpI use it with a set of Avent storage bottles (many nipple fit on them) and my rented Medela Symphony pump.
There are 2 plastic convertors in the kit but I only use 2.
No leaks, easy to clean, works just like the description claimedThe box specifically states the brands of pumps it supposedly fits, but I could not get the threading to fit on my Lansinoh pumpI purchased these so that I could pump directly from a Medea pump to my avent bottles and it works perfectlyI am currently using the adapters to connect my Medela Symphony Kit to my Avent bottles.Cons:1.
The adapters leak where it screws into the bottle.
It is very annoying to pump and still leak milk all over your clothes.Pros:1.
If my milk is nearing the top of the bottle/container while pumping, I switch out bottles.
But while pumping, I've experienced no leakageI am an exclusive pumper, going on two months now, and have an oversupply "problem."
After overflowing one of the ameda bottles in a very messy drive home, I decided I needed to pump into bigger bottles.
I feed my daughter with Avent bottles and these have allowed me to pump directly into a 9oz bottle for feedings.
But, I've gotten pretty tired of washing all my pump parts by hand nightly, that these have just added a bit more work to the nightly washing routine.
Also, I end up pumping more than the 5 ounces that my Avent bottles hold, so I end up having to transfer the milk and pouring into another container anyway, so it kind of defeated the purpose for me.
But they are handy to have and I'm sure I'll use them again.
I give five stars because they could save other people a lot of time and washing - just not meI think I'd been pumping for 6 months before I found these, which meant I was washing more pump bottles and pump parts every single day.
Less to clean up and less chance for spillsWorked as expected.
Easy to place on the pump and bottlesI love being able to pump directly into bottles instead of having to transfer and dirty more bottles/containers than already necessary.
This solved my problem!I could used the Medela pump with the Avent bottles now.
Perfect worldSo glad I stumbled upon this product!
Saves so much time between transferring to the bottles from the ones that come with the bottle and on cleaning time because there's less to clean.
They should advertise this product better!
I wish I had these with my firstThis kit is a MUST HAVE for any mom who is pumping with a Medela PISA and using Avent bottles to feed your baby.
It's so much easier to use this attachment.
All you have to do is take your Avent bottle, place the blue ring as you normally would, screw this conversion cap onto the bottle, then screw in your Medela attachment on top of the conversion cap and pump right into your Avent bottle.
Now you can literally pump into it and either feed your child or cap it and store it right in the fridge.
As long as you use the blue ring, there will be NO LEAKS.
I only found this 4 months into pumping and I really wished I had found it sooner, so don't hesitate and just purchase this already.
Tell your other mommy friends about this kit too, because there are a ton of moms who would find this attachment quite usefulThese converters work well with the Avent standard 4oz bottles that I was given.
These work perfectly, I have never had any issues with leaks or spillsThey work like they're supposed to, though they add a little bulk to the whole process.They are easy to clean and they make most of my bottles and pumps compatible with each other nowi was looking for something that can let me use my medela pump and pump right into my avent bottles, and found this adaptor to use.
i usually pump and feed right away so this saves me using the medela pump bottles and then pouring into another avent bottle.
the only thing is, you must remember to put the adaptor ring on the avent bottle before you put this adaptor on, if not, it will leak if you don't stay upright.
this package comes with the adaptors for the avent nurser kit too, but i've never use it, and i wish they just sell them separatelyYou would figure that using this kit is a no brainer, screw it in and pump right?
There are no instructions that come with the set.
So I learned... use the ring!
I am not lowering my rating based on this since it is my error for not using the ring.I also have found that I can pump directly into different brands of storage bags using this connector when I used my Medela pump with the very old Avent Naturally drop-in liner bottles (no longer sold but I occasionally see it on ebay).
The drop-in liner bottles I have were given to me by someone who bought them ten years ago.
This way I don't have to transfer from bottle to bag.Based on the product pictures and product description, I could not figure out a couple things:1.
(these are the pumps as listed on the box)Medela pumpsEvenflo Comfort SelectAmeda Purely YoursLansinoh Double ElectricPlaytex EmbraceDr.
In the mornings I will pump directly into the avent bottles withPhilips AVENT BPA-Free Classic Bottle Sealing Discsin place to store in the fridge.
If anyone is interested, I can post a picture of the adapters connected to the drop in bottles with the storage bagsnow i can use my medela pump to express milk and easily store in avent bottles.no more transfer here and thereThis product surely protects my leather seats but my car seat seat slides around on the seat when its in place.
We had our car seats inspected and the police officers doing the inspection said not to use these liners.
They advised us the us to use shelf liner.
I instead purchased the Prince Lionheart undermat that has the same sort of soft tacky feel as the recommened shelf liner.
It works the same and is more attractiveI think this is a waste of money.
It does protect my leather and have an organizer but I have an SUV and it runs tight and smallI have three children so when I saw this product when we had our last child I bought it.
I remembered all of the stains from the first two that we had a terrible time getting out.
This solved our problem.
Not only did the police officer who checked our installation not tell us not to use, he said it was one of the coolest things he'd ever seen.
I think we could have lubed the seat with WD40 and it wouldn't have slid around.
At first I thought the coolest thing about it was the mesh container that hangs in front of the seat - a great place to stash used bottles, diapers, etc., but when we recently took the base out to install the next size car seat, we saw a bunch of caked on spit-up and other nastiness that never made it onto the leather, thanks to the under mat!
These are unecessary and really a painWe had our car seat checked at the local police station, and the safety officer recommended that we not use anything under our car seat.
In case of an accident or a problem with the car seat, using any additional product (such as this mat or an attached fleece covering) may void the warranty of your car seatVery durable and easy to cleanWarms up milk in about 2-3 minThere's no indicator that shows exactly how warm your milk will be but using common sense and maybe your fingers.... Should be enoughEXCELLENT product - - VERY VERY useful while traveling (there are electric plug points in all restaurants, hotel rooms and at airport gates etc).very useful at home tooPersonally, I love this bottle warmer.
This of course is not the products fault but the fault of the person using the warmer.
I am considering purchasing another one so we can have one in our room (instead of getting up and going to the kitchen for late night feedings) and one in the kitchen for daytime feedingsMy husband and I use this product daily.
The water measurer isn't the greatest, it's hard to fill without going over the MAX line or spilling out.
So I just measured about how many tablespoons of water we needed and kept a glass of water next to the machine.
Just scoop out what you need, turn on the machine, and get your baby to stop screaming for food that much quicker.
I would recommend cleaning it out every so often to get rid of hard water build up and such, but it's greatWe bought this for warming milk bottles for our baby, cold ones from the fridge and room temp water for formula.
It is a very good product.Pros:- Quick and easy to use- Warms liquid uniformly- Fits bottles of all sizes, including the odd shape Tommee TippeeCons:- The steam is very hot and picking bottle out during heating can cause burns if not done carefully- No temp control, and thus getting the right temp is a hit and miss and requires trial/error everytime- Once the heater switches off, need to wait for 5-10 mins before using a second time (we did find a workaround of pouring cold water to let the element cool which allows immediate reheating)A must have for every nursery and mom whether warming formula or preserved breast milk from the fridgeLike other reviewers, I have had nothing but problems with this thing!
The instructions for how much water to add are not right at all.
You have to figure out on your own how much water to use, and then, you can do the exact same thing twice and one time will still be ice cold and the other time burning hot.
There is a little ring piece, which is not attached, and if you lose it, the thing does not work AT ALL since all the steam just escapes!
Ours stopped heating consistently after two months of use.
It gets a brown build-up in the bottom, and you can not fit your hand in there to clean it out.
If you want to heat up a bottle for three minutes, you just fill up the water tube to the 3 minute line and pour it in the warmer.
Heats bottles quickly.
Getting the bottles warmed to the right temp is a guessing game and seems to change each time.
This is much more water-conserving than heating water in the microwave and then putting the bottle in it - the warmer only uses a few teaspoons.
It either under or overheats about half the time.
I was wrong!
It takes way too long to heat up, it would be just as fast holding the bottle under hot water.
Don't waste your money on thisWe heat up both breast milk and formula in this thing.
We heat it up in plastic bottles, and in glass bottles.
Especially once you consider the price.
It gets the bottle warmer faster than more other warmers.
During the day we use the bottle in the kitchen and at night we take it upstairs to our bathroom for easy feedings.2-The price!
It is half the price of the Avent warmer and has an auto shut-off mode.3-Auto Shut-off!
In most cases, you'd have to buy a more expensive bottle warmer just for auto shutoff feature.4-Easy to clean and even easier to use.
We use tap water with our warmer and no problem...but we do clean it out every day--quick wipe.
Also, I've accidentally spilled milk in the warmer and it was a breeze to clean.I would have given this warmer 5 stars except it can be hit or miss with the amount of water you have to add in order to warm the contents.
I usually aim low (just to take the chill out of the milk) so it really doesn't bother me and baby doesn't mind either.
We keep it in the car, which has an outlet in the center console, for when we are out and about and its feeding timeI was definitely skeptical after reading the mixed reviews for this product but I decided to try it anyway.
It is hard to get the amount of water just right but I really like it anyway.
It heats quickly, is small enough to be portable, and is inexpensive.
Builds up brown rusty film on bottom which is hard to remove and smells2.
Heats up bottle to extreme temperatures sometimes while milk is cold insidePretty good for price but have to be careful and not touch the top while active, can get burned.
SatisfiedThere's better warmers out there but this ones ok. Tomme tippee is a better warmer.
And u don't have to deal w/ plugging it inWe were disappointed with this bottle warmer for our twin boys.
We found that it can only heat up one bottle every 10 minutes, which is a real problem when you are trying to heat up two bottles or you mess up the first time, and its too cold or too hot, which is common with this warmer because you are constantly adjusting how much water to put in.
At 3AM, this is just too much trouble.
Also, it lacks a countdown timer, a memory for how long you needed the warmer the last time, and doesn't have a water reservoir.
I get a brown residue on the bottom, but I attribute that to the water quality, because I get it on my steam sterlizer, which is a different brandI read a lot of reviews about other bottle warmers.
Some claimed that water would get trapped and were hard to clean.
With that said, if you pour too much or too little water in, that will alter the results.
I think it's a great product for the price and simplicityWe've been using this bottle warmer for 3 mo's.
Mommy pumps milk, refrigerates it and then we heat it when it's time to feed.
When the milk is ready it shuts off automatically so we can multi-task.
It was priced right, tooThis product works well when you abide by the instructions and put in the suggested amount of water; not a drop more.
It's important to keep the bottom of the reservoir clean, otherwise minerals in the water start collecting and will burn and smell.
You're probably thinking, &#34;do I really need this thing?&#34; - maybe not, you're blessed by nature to have food producers attached to your upper torso.
However, you will make Dad's life so much easier with this little thing.Imagine with me.
You're at work (or gone somewhere) and your husband is at home taking care of little Jessica all alone.
Jessica gets hungry, and starts to fuss a little.
I can't put her down, because then she gets even more upset.
So I have to hold her.
What are my options:(A) I could use a stove.
But do you (mom) really want me (dad) dangling our infant daughter around a red hot stove?
Not just the stove, but boiling water to try and heat the milk?
I know you don't.
Don't lie.
(B) This thing.
Instead of me messing with a stove, a pot, several cups of (boiling) water, waiting for it to boil (and trust me, with a crying child in your arms, it seems to take forever), and potentially burning my daughter in the process, why not try the easier way?
I get the bottle of milk out of the fridge, pop a couple ounces of water into the BabyPro, set the bottle in, click a button, and wait for about 30 seconds to test.
Still a little cold?
All in all, my bottle is ready in 60-90 seconds - all done with the power of one hand.
Best of all, my daughter doesn't have to cry for 10 minutes while I wait for water to boil and the bottle to heat up.That's my story.
If you're not going to get this for you - at least consider it for Dad.Pros:-- Instructions are clear (and pretty easy to remember)-- Easy to use (even with one arm)-- Milk temperature is adjustable by you; it might take a few times to get it right, but after that it's easy peasy.-- Most bottles fit well, even the Comotomo (made to mimic the boob, and avoid nipple confusion - highly recommended)-- Small - doesn't take up much counter spaceCons:-- Not very easy to clean - I've read something about vinegar.
Heating her bottles up the long way was not working.
Was a life saverI was really disappointed with this warmer it takes a long time to heat and it heats unevenly.
Also, according to the chart for the amount of water us I find myself using more than what it says if not I end up with cold milkI wasn't sure if we really "needed" this product, but now that I have it, I can't imagine life without it!
I don't have to worry about boiling water or anything.
I use first years gum drop bottlesI reluctantly gave this product 5 stars because...#1 - IT'S THE FASTEST WARMER ON THE MARKET.It's PERFECT for my Playtex drop-in/liner bottlesIt's compactIt also heats foodIt automatically shuts off and therefore...It can be left plugged inNo cleaning neededThe instructions are simpleHere's how to really use this product.-Throw out the instructions the manufacturer provides-Fill that vial to the max with water-Dump all the water into the warmer-Place your bottle in there-Periodically check your bottle... like after a minute and then every 15-20 seconds after that swirling/shaking between checks-ServeMy nighttime routine usually goes like this... get the 6oz bottle, fill the vial to the max, pour the water in the warmer and turn it on, place the bottle inside the warmer, go to the bathroom, return and check bottle, place the bottle back in the warmer, check one or two more times and it's usually ready, set aside.
Who has room for that?
Same goes for boiling water, microwaving water, or for those of you who live on the wild side - microwaving the bottle.Do the vial measuring lines suck?
See the first step in my directions and this con won't matter.Do you have to stick around?
The longer she's up at night, the harder it is for her to fall back to sleep and sleep is a high priority for me.Do you have to wait 10 minutes after one heating session?
That's why I fill the vial to the max and work backwards.
But my method really works for me because I use disposable liner bottles and those are easier to heat.
Again, I only gave this 5 stars because of its speed.
When something is invented that can heat a bottle to a specific temperature just a fast, I will switchAfter reading everyone else's reviews, I was nervous to try this product.
Whoever who states its too hot or too cold and complains about it clearly has not read the directions and did not try again because it tells you what to do if its not the temp you want.
Press the button down (not in, I thought my warmers were broken) and you'll hear a click or see the light go off when it's done (in about a minute or so...amount of time for a diaper change).
Keep a rag/towel handy to wipe off the moisture around the bottle when its done.The reason why I give it only 4 stars is because the measuring vial is a pain in the a$$ to fill each time and you have to be exact with the amount of filling water to make your bottle the right temp, but the filling lines are so close together.
Otherwise I'd give it 5 starsWe've tried tons of bottle warmers and they all seem to fall short.We tried this one and our main issues with it is bottle heat is inconsistent.
Even if you measure with the test tube and the meniscus is in the same place every time, you get wildly different temps.
This isn't good for warming breast milk.Also it's slow to heat and the heating plate develops some nasty gunk after awhile.If you are in the market place for bottle warmer, i would pass on this, especially for warming breast milkI got this warmer as a shower gift.
I took us 6 minutes to heat up a bottle that we had in the fridge.
It also developed some brown crusty looking stuff in the bottom of it, and all the numbers rubbed off the measuring tube.
For some reason, the unit wouldn't turn off and we had to unplug it every time we used the warmer.
It DOES allow the bottle to overheat and when your little one is demanding food - NOW - it is inconvenient to wait 10-15 minutes for it to cool down.
When I used this I stood beside it and tested the temperature of the formula about every 3 minutes or so.
If you absolutely have to have a bottle warmer - the Baby Tec by One Step Ahead is MUCH betterI was so excited to purchase this for such a low price.
I hated thinking about thawing milk on the stove while my baby sat waiting & hungry, so I couldn't wait to try this quicker approach.However, when I read the manual, it stated the warmer could only be used once every TEN minutes.
I prayed and hoped it would thaw it out the 1st try so my baby wouldn't get fussy while waiting for it.Unfortunately, after using the warmer, the milk was still mostly frozen and had "hot spots."
As you know, this is the reason you don't use the microwave.
So I ended up sticking the milk in a cup of hot water from the sink and waiting 10 minutes instead.The next time I tried to use this, I tried recently expressed milk from the refrigerator.
I thought surely it would be better this time since it was not frozen.No such luck.
It made the milk WAY too hot, and on top of that the unit was oozing some kind of bronze colored metallic substance.
I don't know what happened, since I followed instructions clearly.This was the biggest waste of money.
I recommend filling a mug with water, microwaving for 2 or 3 minutes and then placing the milk container in the hot water.
This way, milk is warm fairly quickly, there are no hot spots, no breastmilk nutrients are lost, and most importantly--it's FREEI didn't plan on having to pump breast milk, my daughter was of course going to latch with no problems (oh how we plan).
It always seems to be a little cool, no matter how much water I put in the vialI have not had the problems that others have listed.
My warmer does shut off after a few minutes of warming and has never boiled the bottles.
It seems to do the job plus is reasonably pricedI bought this in hopes that I could avoid standing over a pot of boiling water in the middle of the night to heat my newborn's bottle.
She is impatient when it comes to waiting so I thought this little unit would do the trick.
The product review says it's stylish but who cares?
What we really need is functionality and usability and this warmer is neither.
It claims to heat up the bottle in 4 minutes but the milk is unevenly heated, the top of the bottle is cold and the base is scalding.
The milk then needs to be shaken to even out the temperature...a real time sucker when you're in a hurry to feed a wailing baby.
My wife and I have divided our duties and I'm the lucky chap who gets up at night and feeds him.
She keeps a supply of breast milk in the fridge.
Of course, I must warm up the milk and we purchased "The First Years Quick Serve Bottle Warmer" for that purpose.
It's handy and easy to use, even in my sleep-deprived condition.I'm not totally satisfied with this product.
First of all, the cap holder broke off the little measuring vile almost right from the start.
Oh well, fixing it isn't essential, but it gives me the feeling that this bottle warmer might be a cheap piece of junk.
Secondly, the bottle warmer heats the milk too hot if the instructions are followed precisely.
Experimenting a bit, I have found that if four ounces of milk are to be heated to the desired temperature in the bottle, then the little measuring vile for water (added to the warmer) should be filled only to three.
Go figure.
Once you get that little calibration problem worked out, everything seems to work satisfactorily.
Maybe we keep our refrigerator really cold but the first time we warmed according to the water measurement it barely warmed it.
I know just dump the max water amount in (sometimes more.....)and test it throughout the warming cycle.
A full bottle I don't even need to test.
I think maybe the breast milk is leaking out as it warms and is caramelizing in the warmer.
The problem with this is that if he is upset and crying and I am not home to nurse him, my husband has to try to calm a fussy baby while attempting to warm up a bottle for him.
Never had a problem with it.
Good recommendation...put it on your registryI have not used this product yet but the price was right, the quality of the product looks good, and I am looking forward to seeing the result of its useThis heats bottles fast and has auto turnoff when it is down, but I still watch it to make sure doesnt over heat.
would recommendThis bottle warmer was horrible.
It takes so much less time, and all you have to do is shake the bottle really well to eliminate hotspots.This bottle warmer never heated bottles evenly.
Sometimes they would be scalding hot, sometimes ice cold (and then you have to wait until it's completely cooled down before it will allow you to heat it again!).
Not only that, but it always took a minimum of 5 minutes to heat the bottle.
Meanwhile, my baby is screaming because he's hungry and wants that bottle!!
The microwave only takes 30 seconds and it's the same temperature EVERY time.If you're heating expressed breastmilk I can see why someone would need a bottle warmer.Otherwise, what is the pointThis bottle warmer is probably the best $16 I've spent for the sheer convenience of being able to warm a bottle quickly.
Like others have mentioned, it takes an incredibly long time to warm a bottle in a pan of hot water when you have a crying baby who wants to eat immediately ~ so, this little product is great since it only takes a few minutes to warm up a bottle.There is definitely a bit of a learning curve to this product so that you get the temperature you want every time.
The warmer does come with a guide of how much water to use to create the steam heat and I've used this as a starting point.
Also, I learned the hard way that adding even just a few more drops of water (say filling to the 8 instead of the 7 on the little measuring dispenser) makes a huge temperature difference, so once you know exactly how much water you need, stick with it.
The other variable to this device is the little plastic ring that is placed over the top of the warmer (it states "Not to be used with disposable bottles" around the top of it) adds to keeping the steam within the warming chamber- so if you take it off it make take an extra bit of water to get the milk warmed to baby's preference.
I took this ring off because I just couldn't get it to sit flat over the removable basket.The product is fairly small and doesn't take up too much counter space, something that was also important to me since I hate clutter on kitchen counters.
The one thing I don't care for about this product is the way the little water dispenser attaches to the side, or rather how it doesn't really attach easily to the side.
food,formula,etc.
Love the jar lift also.
Works great everytime and never too hot.
I also have to keep a close eye on the bottle because it will go from slightly warm to hot very quicklyI've got twins, so the routine is to throw one bottle on the warmer, change the first, prop the first, throw second bottle on the warmer, change the second, prop the second, burp the first, and so on.Few tips...1.
The second bottle will heat up with a bit less water than the first.3.
I already threw away the box, so i'm hoping Amazon will still let me return it!
I'll be trying a different brand all togetherThis really is a great product.
It heats up 4 oz of refrigerated breast milk within a couple of minutes.
It's small enough to stick in a diaper bag if you're going out, too, and since the water vial has a cap, you can pre-fill it.
The only trouble was that the recommended amount of water did not heat the milk beyond a cool temperature -- not even to room temp.
After experimenting, I learned that I had to fill it about a half inch ABOVE the highest number marking (10) in order for the milk to be about as warm as it is from the breast.
So, I guess I'm a little concerned about what'll happen when we need to give 8 oz instead of 4!
*UPDATE* I now use this with the 8-oz size Dr. Brown's bottles (heating with inner parts removed), with 6 oz of milk, and they seem to heat up with less water.
They are also a harder plastic than the bottles we used to use (Medela bottles), so I think perhaps the harder plastic conducts heat better.
Keep this in mind when experimenting with water amounts.
Just a theoryI don't use a whole bunch of bottles since I nurse, but occasionally I thaw out some breast milk for when my daughter and I are going to be out in very public places for a long period of time.
I just put the milk in the warmer and in about four minutes it is done.
I wouldn't suggest walking away from it because sometimes it gets too hot when the whole four minutes is given to heat.
Walking away while heating a bottle is not wise anyway, so it really isn't a problem standing there for it and it is a whole lot quicker than boiling waterGood concept, poor execution.
Do not buyOne thing to keep in mind when purchasing this warmer: it's a great price and gets the job done, but that's not to say that there aren't better ones out there on the market.
You do have to keep pulling the bottle out and periodically checking the temperature as it's warming and there are going to be times when it gets way too hot...
I mix all the bottles in the morning, put them in the refrigerator and use this to heat up the formula so that it is not freezing cold.
I would purchase this product again, however, if your baby needs a warm bottle I'd say you probably need a better/more expensive machineThis is an pretty good bottle warmer.
However, it has a timer and auto-shuts, but there is no alarm to tell you that the milk is ready so it's very easy to burn bottle.
Great quality and price.
Doesn't matter if the cap is on or the nipple, the lip of the tops are just under the ridge of the warmer so it's hard to graspThe last thing you need is to have to put everything down to check a bottle constantly.
Having to constantly check the bottle became too much of a hassle and we simply quit using this warmer.
We either had to re-heat the bottle or let it cool down before giving it too the baby.To make things short, I'll say this: Use the stove or microwave.
Once you get your child into a reasonably predictable routine, you can warm bottles at a reasonable time and easily without having to waste time and money on the First Years Quick Serve Bottle WarmerBought this as a second warmer to keep at grandmas house to make life easier... Was hesitant because of how cheap it was but was so glad I got it!!
Would be a pain to fill the little tube with water everytime if it were the primary warmer at home but as a secondary it's wonderful.
The insrtruction is a little bit off, but all you have to do is to experiment, and once you've found the right amount of water you need to put in there, just stick with it.
The only thing about this warmer is the trial and error needed to get going.
I also find that cleaning it out every few weeks and letting vinegar sit in it for a little while, will keep it consistant.
As it gets dirty, it tends to become inconsistant.I definately give this Bottle Warmer 2 thumbs up.
The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the trial and error needed to figure out how much water for the bottle and amount of formula.
(I use Avent bottles and they fit greatI am currently breast-feeding, but pump a bottle for my husband to use to feed our daughter at night.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to invest in one more thing - especially since we weren't going to need it constantly, but I'm very GLAD we did!
Do not have a lid or nipple already on the bottle.
You can also hear when the last of the water evaporates (a small hiss).I've used Dr. Brown's bottles - both the 4oz and 8 oz size - and it works greatI have waited 9 months to write this review based on my purpose of warming up breastmilk.
I saw the price on Amazon going from $15-$35.
Other than the deposits in the heat plate even though we been using distilled water the entire time.We know this warmer wasn't designed for frozen breastmilk but formila in room tempreture.
However, other warmer works better for breastmilk are just too expensive.
In order to get it to work, we have to experiment and find out the best amount of water measurement to pour into the steamer.The milk bottle we use are the medela plastic one (ok with high heat), we stay away from glass bottle because they get over heated easy and very hard to control the tempreture.
Then I fill up the measuring tube full (i don't even need those number line these days, they are useless for my purpose), I pour all water in there, set the bottle in the steamer, and I cover it with a coffee mug that fit perfectly (not tight), turn the switch and after 3-4 mins, it will auto turn off, usually there'll be a small cube of frozen milk floating in the bottle, that's why I leave it alone covered for another 2 mins before I take it out and feed the baby.
If I'm heating up 150ml- 200ml, I just steam it again with 1/5 to 1/4 water filled in the tube.
Everything comes out perfect.This thing is awesome and save us a lot of money.
This is a very simple product to use.I've used this on many different brands of bottles including Dr. Brown's and Medela.
It can do frozen milk too, but it will take few minutes longer.
it warms by steam.
there is a hotplate at the bottom then you pour water into the chamber and the steam that is created warms the bottle.
it comes with the container that you fill up with the water to pour inIt sure beats warming a bottle up on the stove, but it could use a couple of improvements.I think the recommended amount of water to add is based on room temperature bottles, not refrigerated milk, because it never gets warm enough by their measures.
you had to add hot water to heat the bottle while it does not workI bought this when my daughter got back from the hospital from the NICU.
I realized I didn't have a bottle warmer yet and I needed something fast and efficient because having to babysit a bottle on the stove with a screaming baby was getting OLD.
You just put the amount of water you need for your bottle, the less ounces in the bottle the less water the less water you'll need, and the more ounces in the bottle the more water you'll need.
I would recommend getting this as a baby gift or putting it on a registry.
Great for new mom's on a budgetIt heats up your bottle.
But the measurements are all wrong.
It typically needs more water then indicated.
but for $15 you can't go wrong.
The switch stopped working and the warmer would turn on as soon as it was plugged in.
Now the heating function never turns off, so I have to watch the bottle carefully before it overheats the formula.
It doesn't shut off so it overheats and smells like burnt plastic.
Dangerous item.When it was working, it is really long to heat up a bottle on top of the headache to figure out the amount of water to add.
My screaming hungry baby hated it, took many minutes for a 3oz bottle and it was either too cold or too hotI like that the unit doesn't take up a lot of space, it's light weight and only needs a small amount of water to warm the bottle.
I didn't completely read all of the directions and didn't realize I had to let the machine completely cool down before you can heat it again...I thought it was broken!
The chart in the instruction manual for water measurements and bottle sizes can be a bit confusing.I guess good advice for using this bottle warmer would be to always put less than more.
If I added a little more water than the directions suggested, it was way too hot.
I stick my daughter's bottle in a mug of hot water and it warms up much more quickly and does not take up counter spaceWay much better than munchkin brand.
No hot spots at all.
I should have bought this a long time agoI have twins and it takes longer to warm in this than the sink and you have to wait ten minutes between each bottleI am one of those moms who has a "lazy nurser".
Wanting to exclusively breastfeed for at least the first year, I was devastated that my sweet little girl would not latch on properly and that when she did, she was unable to empty me completely.
Therefore, we are stuck with frequent breastfeedings followed by supplemental bottle feedings.My husband and I had purchased this bottle warmer planning to use it after I returned to work to heat up breastmilk bottles.
It is quick, and as long as you follow the directions, it heats to utter perfection.
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen (not to be totally vain, but it WOULD be nice if it came in black or ecru for better matching capabilities).I liked it so much that I sent one to my husband's expectant cousin.
I strongly recommend this productWe did have to find out how much water to use for specific amounts of milk, but after figuring that, we really like the bottle warmer.
We used it less than ten times, and the entire thing totally crapped out.
I ignored the bad reviews and really, really wanted to like this item because I love the cooler/bottle warmer so much!
Back to Amazon it goesThis product is small and compact yet very helpful for those middle of the night feedings when you are exhausted and you need the hubby to warm up a bottle to feed the baby!
At first we were following the directions, a little difficult to understand, and the milk from the fridge came out cool but not body temp warm like from the breast.
So it took a few tries to get used to the amount of water you have to put in, but obviously the more water the more steam and the warmer the milk came out.
Only thing people don't realize, is that it takes trial and error.
It will take longer to heat a bottle from the fridge, rather than one made with room temperature water.
Leave the bottle on for longer after the light goes off and the milk will continue to heat.
I've used this with formula and breast milk w/o any issuesThis is the worst bottle warmer ever.
Using this thing was the same as just heating a bottle up in a pot!
You could never leave the bottle, walk away and come back hoping that it would be the right temperature.
This mess is going back immediatelyThis is the first bottle warmer I have ordered, and it is one of the best I have ever used.
So basically you get what you pay for, I really wish I would have spent a little more money to get a better warmerThe product was good and served its prupose.. At times there would be a leak from the bottle, I guess this was because we left it a little longer in there.. Easy to clean and used it well the initial 4 months of my newbornWhen our son decides he's hungry, he does not want to wait for the traditional method of placing the bottle in a bowl of warm water.
It's ready in less than 4 minutes (we allow for it to cool a bit before taking it out).
Once you figure out how much water you need to fill for your type of bottle/milk, it works like a charm!
We use Dr. Brown's Wide Neck bottles and they fit just fine (as long as we remember to remove the straw first, otherwise the milk rised outIn the middle of the night when the baby is screaming and you need milk - FAST.
Carefull to check the milk, sometimes can be too hot too fastThis product is simple and easy to use, but it's not reliable.
I've placed a bottle in this warmer only to find it's half cold.
Adding more water continues the heating process, but now the milk can reach a dangerously high temperature.
Many times I've had to add a little cold milk, to make the bottle safe to use.
I initially liked this product, but am ditching it because of its unreliabilityThe water vial that is attached to this unit just sits ever so gently on the side meaning IT FALLS OFF CONSTANTLY.
It was so annoying I returned it.
I'm a mom on the go so I would throw this in my bag and take it with me but it was always a chore to have to find the missing water vial.
But with any bottle sterilizer you have to make sure you don't lose the ring that goes around the top, too bad those don't snap inFor the first week, we warmed bottles in tap water.
It was time consuming and inconvenient.
Not to mention that half-full Avent bottles float so you have to hold it in the cup/bowl of water the entire time.
This product warms up bottles in minutes and it is so easy to use.
It has a little thing on that side that slides off so you can add the water to that and dump it in.
(You can use more or less water depending on the size of the bottle and the amount of &quot;warming&quot; needed with very little effort.)
When it is through, it shuts itself off so you don't have to remember to do it yourself.The only problem is that the inside has turned a little brown from the heat (burned-like) but since it hasn't affected anything, it doesn't seem to matterI PURCHASED THIS WARMER AND THE FIRST YEARS NIGHT AND DAY BOTTLE WARMER FOR MY BEDROOM.
Not worth the money unless your child is picky about having their milk warmJust perfect !!!
It gets the job done quickly and with very little effort and time.
It warms my baby's purees just as good as water and fasterThis warmer definitely works quickly, but with the bottles I use (Avent) the plastic ring gets extremely hot from the steam put out by this warmer.
It takes longer and more water for thicker bottles and less for thinner, etc etc.
But if you use the same kind of bottles each time and the same amount then you can get it to where you know about how much water you'll need to heat it up.
The little plastic measuring cup on the side is difficult to attach back on the warmer and the measuring lines are hard to see.
We have two of these so no night trips down to the kitchen necessary.
Best there is for the priceThis product is poorly constructed, requires patience and you don't have that with a baby crying.
Also I have to manipulate the On switch for far too long but I actually get it to turn on.
After awhile I just gave up and stopped using itWe bought this warmer to heat up bottles for our new baby, and so far we've only used it for that purpose.
It's a really cheap, crappy looking design, but I guess you get what you pay for.Pros:- Does the job most of the time.
Formula ends up lukewarm.
of formula, I can't imagine how poorly it will heat bigger bottles!- You can't turn it off once it's on by pushing the button.
It does turn itself off after the heat cycle is done, though.- Could be a fire hazard, saw a spark under the unit the first week I had it.
It rusted on the inside despite maintenance, and we were even careful not to leave liquid sitting in it.
I changed my rating to 2 stars because for the price, it did work for a while, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyoneI bought this to take out the guess work and hassle of warming bottles, but it is not working for me.
I try to set it so that I can turn it on, go change the baby then it would be ready.
Whenever the light turns off, the milk is still cold and I have to let it sit for another few minutes to finish warming.
If I wait too long it's too hot, so I have to stand there and wait for it.
Don't know if the top of the bottle was loose or what but I'm finding it easier to just go back to sitting bottles in hot water from the tap.
Very disappointedThis is a very simple product to use and works well with almost every bottle on the market.
It works really quickly and heats up four ounces of formula, straight from my mini fridge, for my three month old in under 3 minutes.
Not bad when you have a hungry baby screaming in the middle of the night.
I have found it worked well for my refrigerated breast milk and my transition to formula so I can recommend it to both breastfeeding moms and moms who choose to feed with formula (both powdered and premixed canned).
Can't' beat the convenience and it is priced really well compared to other brands of similar itemsGreat warmer.
Can't imagine bottle feeding without it.
Don't let calcification build up a lot or it's more difficult to cleanThis bottle warmer is slow and seems to accumulate some guck at the bottom.
It does get the job done so I gave it three starsIt is really quick and easy to use, very convenient and safe!
I can even put the milk bag directly to reheat.
However, after using for a while, I found out something bad about the warmer: I use the silimac bottles and try to warm it with breast milk by using this warmer.
I do not know if anybody else has the same problem since I did not see the same problem in other reviews.
Also, I do not know it is the bottle problem or not, but I do not have such issue when I use hot water to reheat it.
This one is way better and uses steam to warm the bottle instead of boiling water around your bottle/food.
Always make sure you test the milk before you feed your baby!
You'll get the lowdown on what you really need and what you could save to buy later or avoid completely.
There's a full on stroller shopping guide, baby carrier guide, and what to expect after the hospital delivery in terms of recovery (which no one seems to talk aboutLike the other reviewers have said - the warming time and amount of water it takes to warm the bottle vary from use to use.However, it's small, easy to clean and shuts itself off so there's no fear of starting a fire, or having a child touch it and get burnedI love this warmer because it's so easy to use.
Who wants complications at 4am?
The milk has come out too hot only one time.
Simple to fix-just add less water next time.
Takes a few tries to get the hang of though: sometimes a little too cold and sometimes a little too hot.
Major bummer: if you find that the bottle is too cold, you have to wait a while to be able to use this thing again.
This bottle warmer is sooo quick and easy, I could put the water up to the predetermined line of the measurer(that comes with) poor it in and left it alone.
Outside is easy to clean (the water deposits on the warmer - not so much) All in all It did the job for my little boy.
It was taking too long to get hot and she felt like she was wasting a lot of water (we are in a drought).
I looked at all the warmers and their reviews and decided to get this one.
There is one that warms 2 bottles, but I wasn't impressed with the reviews.
Her only complaint was the directions say to let it cool off for 10 minutes before using it again.
At least they aren't a huge investmentUse this for every feeding for my twins.
The water measuring tube is a pain to attach to the unit when you are not using it.
There has been nothing wrong with ours.
However, we are usually dealing with frozen breast mik.
We found it much easier and faster to heat water in a mug in the microwave.
Then remove the hot mug and place the frozen milk in the mug.
You can use milk from the refrigerator as well just don't heat the water as much.Great product, but we didn't really need itI bought this warmer thinking it's more convenient than warming milk with hot water, but actually it is not...the amount of water needed is little therefore it has to be very precise to get to the temperature you want!
It takes longer to fill the correct amount of water than needed.
Also you have to wait 10 minutes to try again, if a bottle is not warm enough, you have to use something else anyway!
The instructions state that the unit needs 10 minutes to cool down if you need to use it again, but it may actually take longer than that...I would prefer to use hot water than using this warmerIt's hard to figure out the right amount of water to use, even when referring to the product's instruction, when trying to warm-up a bottle.
I use it regularly, though, and am satisfied if it at least takes off the cold edge of a breast milk bottle that's been refrigerated.
It's easy-to-use, other than the aforementioned problem, and doesn't take up a lot of space.
It is a great product, but the little measuring cup provided is difficult to fill up to the right line (which are really close together) and too little or too much water tends to over/underheat the bottle.
But this saves time over boiling and is healthier/safer than microwaving.
Gave it a 3 because it has it's ups, but it's downs become irritating when you use it 5-7 times dailyWe totally love this product.
We have two - one upstairs and one in the kitchen.
But once you figure it out, it's a lifesaver!
I can't imagine having to wait for plain hot water to heat up a bottle.
We have used it both with the Medela bottles and with Dr. Brown's bottlesI bought this warmer before I gave birth and knew that I would need it especially at night.
I would advise ppl not to fill the water vile unless you are warming up maybe 8 oz of thickened milk.
I will make it hot.
I mainly do the water vile half way unless the milk was previously refrigerated and cold.
It is better to use this product than a microwave with your baby's breast milkI wish we would have bought this to begin with.
It is faster than hot water.
Instructions are not exact you have to play with it a little bit to get your water amount correct for your bottle type and amount of milkThis bottle warmer broke after the first week.
It heats the bottle in a matter of minutes and is never too hotI am a breastfeeder.
We are past the point of sleep deprivation, so I don't blame the use of this product on not enough sleep - it really is very confusing to use.The directions are quite unclear and the chart used to tell you how much water to put in is even more unclear.
Several times, we have put too much water in, and the bottle gets way too hot, which is dangerous!This is only my opinion and I do not believe has anything to do with lack of intelligenceOverall this product works as documented/expected.
The only reason for not giving a full 5 star rating is that the heating is not consistent.
The milk will be too hot or too cold occasionally.
I wish they had perfected the heating time based on actual temperature of the contentsWell worth the Money, but it needs an off switch!
I have to unplug the unit after each use, and that is almost impossable to do w, a screaming baby in my arms.
I rectify this problem by only partially plugging it into the outlet so it can easily be removed w/ one hand.If you want this affordable bottle warmer to work to your advantage, ignore the directions and don't bother w/ the little vial for the refills.Place the bottle in the warmer then pour water in until almost full.
Takes about 60 seconds to get hot.
It took a little bit to figure out how much water to use with which bottle, but once we got that down it was simple to put the water in, push the button and a few min.
We have used hot tap water to try and warm a bottle and it just takes too long for formula out of the refrigerator.
We never tried heating up food so I can't comment on that part of the warmerThe bottle warmer is quite frustrating to work with.
You kind of have to babysit this warmer and check it constantly because one minute its taking forever to heat up and then the next minute the milk is super hot.
sometimes the water runs out and the warmer shuts off but the milk is still cold.
Another downside is the on off button.
Its really flimsy and sometimes takes several tries just to turn it on.The good things about this is that it is compact so I can carry it around with me easily and its much faster than heating up breastmilk in warm water.. Also beware because the bottles get very hot even though the milk inside is still cold.
I will continue to use this warmer and will even recommend it due to the low price.
Not a good thing when she is screaming to be fed.
The instructions are easy to use and it has the measuring spoon attached so you know how much water to fill in the warmer.
The only thing I noticed with this warmer is you have to be exact with the amount of water otherwise the bottle is either to warm (too much water added) or the bottle is cold (not enough water added).
bottle, we need to fill the measuring dispenser past 10, leave it in for the full time, and then it is warmed to room temperature.
The only draw back I was concerned with was that you can't heat right after you've heated...you have to wait about 5 minutes (most say that anyway).
That is not a problem if you know how much water to put in it the first time.
There are little lines on the side of the measuring cup, for a 4 oz bottle, I go to the first big water line (about half way up the "scale").
That is for refrigerated milk.
It's just what you need, no more or less.
I could never get the amount of water and time right.
I just went back to a cup of water and this thing is sitting in a boxWe went through every bottle with our son and this warmer fit them all without problem.
This is because there are many variables that affect the ending temperature:- The starting temperature of the milk (from the referigerator, freezer, room temperature etc.
)- The type of bottle (i.e., glass, plastic, etc.
),- Bottle size (diameter as well as height)- Amount of water you put in hereAs a corollary, be careful with the condensation off the bottle as that can also be quite hot.As far as functionality is concerned, it does what you want, but of course effectiveness is based on the variables I mentioned for temeprature.
You have to experiment with the water tempature first.- I used regular milk so I wouldn't waste formula.
I put in the bottle (avent) and it's heating while I change her diaper and finished just in time.
I used a black marker to mark the fill line so it can be seen easily at those 2AM feedings.
The biggest downfall is that you have to wait 10 minutes to reheat again.
This is the most awful product.
The ONLY thing it does is get the actual bottle hot.
Almost too hot to the touch, but if you test out the actual formula, it was literally ice-cold.
Awful, awful product.
I don't know about those positive reviews, but for me, it was just utterly dissapointing.
But we have to continue doing it the old-fashioned wayI got this because after a couple nights of cranky colic baby, there was no way in hell I was going through that again!
So I hear warming the milk makes it easier on the tummy (also making sure the bottles are good for him and formula that agrees).
These all fit into this warmer which has an accessory ring to keep them in place although the skinny Medela float/bob around in there a little if there is only 10 or 20 mls of milk in there.Why this warmer is better than others I seen/used:-it feels quality enough.
It's not a brick but it doesn't feel like it out shatter if you sneezed on it.
Some other models with built in water reservoirs are a bacteria trap.
eventually it would need a scrub.
and get in there to clean it out.- It turns on with a simple push down on the switch without the whole plug/unplug the cord.
Green lights on the conveniently big button lights on and it will automatically shut off when the water you poured in is gone.
It's big enough that even I can hit it half asleep no problem!
Don't search for a small switch or button when you're half asleep with a crying baby in one arm...that's insane.- Small profile, I would say it has about the footprint of a magic bullet blender.
I was not buying one for 60+ dollars but I didn't want a cheapo one that broke quick or is more of a hassel to monitor.
This unit actually times itself by the amount of time it takes to boil off the water in the chamber.
- Let's say if I go for 4 oz of formula.
I will put a little less than 7 in the measurer into the chamber.
Pour in 3 oz of distilled/nursery water only in the bottle.
Take it out, pour my final oz of cold water in and then mix the powder in and it is immediately ready to go.
I can't complain about the money spent here.
Baby is up to 4oz or more and I find using the minimal line is just fine.
Awesome!UPDATE 9/18/2013: Still rockin and I even ordered another warmer for upstairs.
I planned it so once I see him hungry or already crying for it, I pour the water into the warmer, hit the button, pour the water into the bottle - drop the bottle in and start measuring out the formula.
By the time I have the scoop loaded and ready, the warming is done and I mix, shake and feed.
It really isn't that complicated, just takes some logical planning.
My husbands not so good at that so the results weren't always consistent, but is never had a problemThis unit works very quickly to heat the four ounce bottles for our son, however you must watch the amount of water you add as it will overheat the bottles if left on for too long.
The water level determines the length the unit runs so I just stand over it and watch it for the 60-90 seconds it takes instead of ending up with an overheated bottle that I have to let cool downThis is the only bottle warmer I have ever used so I really have nothing to compare it to.
It was difficult to get the bottle at the right temp - it was either too hot or too cold.
By the time I had it at an acceptable temp, my baby was already screaming for the bottle.
The bottle would sometimes be too hot and would leak at the top.
That left a residue at the bottom of the warmer which would emit a weird odor that might make you think something is burning.
You might have better luck with it but it just didn't work for usWe use the Playtex bottles with the disposable liners and had a problem finding a warmer that stated it could also do those types of bottles.
It doesn't do too bad, but sometimes it has its days where it nearly boils the formula and the next day the formula might still be ice-cold after getting "warmed".
Definitely nothing fancy and maybe not the absolute best product, but it works great for the price we paid for itI'm quite convinced now that late pregnancy and early post-partum are probably the worst periods of time to try to figure out gadgets that don't have clear instructions.
The type of bottle one uses (shape, size, material) will very dramatically affect how the heat from the steam impacts the solution being heated.
In my successful experiment with water chilled in the fridge to about 40 F, I needed to add 2x the max level in the provided measuring tube to get the water up to about 80 F. The unit was on for about 6 minutes until the water all vaporized.
This is more than 2x the amount generally recommended in the instruction sheet and the sticker plastered to the side of the unit has even less detail.Note that if you make the mistake of running the unit without any basket, some overheat sensor will trip before the water is completely used up after about a minute or so.Given that there is unlikely any product out there which monitors the temp of the solution being heated (or is otherwise aware of what kind of bottle/solution combo is in place), trial and error and patience will be required with any such product.
Life will probably be easier for formula babies since formula doesn't change over time!Good luck!p.s.
Using vinegar to remove mineral deposits is the age old standard for cleaning everything from pots and pans to humidifiers etcI think this product works well, i just wish it was less prone to tipping over when i push the activation buttonWe purchased this bottle warmer for travel use.
We have the full sized Dr. Brown bottle warmer but it's too big to carry along on short trips and vacations.PROS:Inexpensive but not cheap.
We had no problem warming Dr. Brown's wide neck 8 oz bottles and Similac's odd shaped bottles.Heats up fast.
Average warming time for an 8 oz bottle with 5 oz formula is around 2 1/2 - 3 1/2 minutes depending if it's room temperature or chilled.CONS:Outside of bottles gets really hot to touch.
Be careful in lifting your bottles with your bare hands.No built in water reservoir.
Water has to be measured and poured with every use.Warmer needs a cool down period of at least 10 minutes with every use.
I wish we had gotten it earlierThey're for my grandson, we were fine, , I recommend it.Works great time I answer came with the productIt is way so powerful that it splashes the liquid everywhere..my point of buying this product was to help the formula less bubbling when mixing..but it created more..what a disappointmentWith my 8th child who is currently 6 weeks old we had to use Dr Brown bottles.
You aren't supposed to shake powdered formula in that bottle.
So we were looking for a way to mix the formula when we found this product.
This product works and well.
It should be pulsed when mixing.
If you use it wrong it will be like using a hammer to kill a fly.
I am very glad to have found this product.
My only complaint is for sanitary reasons it should have an option for a caseI'm confused.
Why would one even need this product?
What's wrong with just shaking the formula in the bottle?
I like that it helps mix the formula and that there are no clumps left so there is no need to shake the bottles when you're done - so I know the nutrients are distributed evenly/correctly.
Boy, it will really mix a bottle of formula fast!
And no lumps or clots to stick in the nipple.
So, she pumps milk and we mix a little formula in with her milk to ease the situation.
Our boy doesn't like straight formula and grimaces and refuses to consume it (unless he's extremely hungry).
However, he'll take a 50/50 mixture of mother's milk and formula without even noticing, so that's what he's getting at times and this little mixer will really churn them together.
So far, this has not been a major problem, especially since I let the mix set a bit, and I'm careful with the mixing so that it isn't overly churned.
It might be real good at the bar for fixing small pitchers of martinis.
The problem is I don't have a bar and don't drink martinis.
I prefer to mix formula one bottle at a time and this was the only thing that I could use to do that short of shaking the bottle (and thus adding bubbles that upset my baby's tummy).
It's inexpensive but it lasted the entire time I was making bottles of formula - for about a year.
Worth more to me than what I paid, for sureI got this formula mixer for my son who is eating more and more so shaking 6 bottles at a pop can be annoying.
I use this on my 11 oz Avent bottles and it comes in very handy when shaking doesn't cut it.The reason I took a star off is because it is mainly a glorified cake mixer slapped with a baby label and justified with a price hike.
It takes a while to get used to otherwise there will be a big mess.
I have no qualms with this product but I wouldn't go out of my way to push it due to the price and what it is.
If moms think it will be helpful, go get it!
I often have to make bottles on the go or at other people's houses and this allows me to mix formula within SECONDS with virtually no bubbles!
Just be careful the first time you use it; it goes so fast that it could splash up on you if you aren't paying attention and you leave it in there for too longThe mixer seems very handy but I could not use it as I intended because it would not fit down far enough in Dr. Brown's 8-ounce bottles (regular width, not sure about wideI bought this one because it had a lot of good reviews.
I personally think it spins way too fast though.
I wandered across this at Babies 'R' Us.
No more leaking bottles as you try to shake powdered formula with water (and just get lumps!).
About 4 seconds of this blender right in the bottle and milk is TOTALLY blended.
Then just rinse the end and set aside for next time.
I dont like shaking bottles cause it makes them foamy and I inevitably get formula on me.
Also when your done mixing bottles it is great for chocolate milk and grown up drink mixesThis really makes sure that the formula is mixed without clumps.
Lifetime of it is poor, but at such an low price with high return, it is worth buying a couple.
I would have given it five stars if it did not break so frequentlyThese work well for preventing spit up and air in baby's tummy.
But there are too many parts to clean and put together just for a bottle.
First of all, the bottles flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag with every couple of swallows.
Not surprisingly, this led to terrible gas and spitting up every time we fed.Secondly, I think these bottles are overpriced.
Even if they had worked for me, I would have been hard pressed to spend all that extra money.
Bottle feeding is not rocket science and no mother should have to pay that much to feed her child successfully.Finally, although the wide-neck bottles may be a little easier to clean, they also come with more parts than standard bottles, so it all evens out anyway.
For our particular situation, Dr. Brown's was not the answerThis bottle worked just fine for us, but there are so many parts it's a nuisance to clean.
Because his digestive system was still immature, he was extremely difficult to burp, which caused MAJOR gas issues.
I saw a difference after the first feeding.
I went to burp my son, expecting to spend my usual 15-20 minutes trying to get him to burp, and imagine my surprise after two minutes this HUGE burp came out of this tiny baby!
And an hour later, he was happy as a clam, where in the past, he would have his legs pulled up to his chest, in pain from gas.I don't understand what the problem is that people have with cleaning the bottles.
I also can't figure out how people can't seem to get the beige vent or the tube clean.
Unless you let your bottles sit for days until the forumla gets caked on, a simple soaking in hot water and dish detergent before using the special brush should be all that is needed to keep the vent and the tube clean.
I also shake the vents and tubes out after washing to dislodge any water that might be remaining inside the holes.
Also, if necessary, I have seen in the Babies R Us store that they sell a 2-pack of vents, as well as a 2-pack of tubes in case the need for new ones arises.My only complaint is that the bottles do leak if they fall on their side for a period of time, so that can be a little tricky when traveling in the diaper bag.
I solved that problem by pre-measuring water and putting it into one of my Medela breast pump bottles (which come with lids).
Then, while I'm out, I just add formula to the breast pump bottle and shake, then I pour the formula into the empty Dr. Brown's bottle.
Problem solved!I would definitely recommend these bottles to anyone who has a newborn that has serious burping and gas issuesI bought these bottles as well as the Avent bottles and I have to say these are much better than the Avent bottles.
My daughter got too many bubbles in her bottle with the Avent bottles.
The Dr. Browns eliminate all bubbles.
She has no problems with gas when we use these bottles so I have stopped using the Avent bottles all togetherWe made the switch from Playtex to Dr. Brown when our son was having issues with spit up and gas.
The first thing I noticed about these bottles is there was less dribbling during feedings.
I have not found cleaning to be a problem.
It's lighter in the diaper bag, less mess, easier to mix as you don't have to completely remove the components (just move them aside to pour the water in) and I don't have to fool with popping the white disc out by touching the nipple.
However, the stage 1 nipple was way too fast for my baby, and it caused her to spit up nearly everything I had just fed her at every single feeding!
I kept thinking she just needed to get used to the nipple flow, so I stuck with it.
But she just got fussier and fussier because she was spitting up everything at each feeding.
I started giving him a few ounces of water at 2 weeks old, and he immediately took to these bottles.
At one month, I tried to give him a six ounce Platex VentAir bottle after my Babies R Us was out of the larger Dr. Browns bottles.
He refused to take to the smaller nipple.
The only problem I have had comes when I do give him formula.
The instructions say not to shake it in the bottle, so I usually stir it instead.
One reviewer mentioned that when you add water, you go over the "Do not fill above this line" mark.
I avoid this by measuring my water in a separate bottle, then I add about half the water, stir, then the other half.
That has eliminated any problem regarding that mark.I strongly recommend this productI bought a starter pack of these bottles due to the fact my daughter spit up alot of other bottles we tried.
We now use these, and she can actually sleep after taking her bottle.
I know they take longer to clean, but it is worth it if you have a happier babyLoved these bottles...never had problems with gas or bubbles.
However, I noticed that my daughter was having trouble with the nipples and a ton of gas.
I would suggest them to anyone.
For a few weeks we tried everything we could to try to make things better for him.
He would cry and scream while wiggling trying to get rid of the gas bubbles.
I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but I don't really have a problem with that.
I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
Dr. Brown's is obviously a highly recommended bottle, particularly for those who have colicky babies or those who spit up/have gas frequently.Dr.
The #1 winner was actually the Playtex Ventaire Standard bottle.
The reason I mention this is because the concept of reducing the amount of air taken in by the baby and the nipple size are very similar in both bottles.
I also tracked how much my baby spit up or had gas after feedings using all the different bottles and she had more of both with the Dr. Brown's bottle--I think because the nipple flow is too fast for her.The other thing to note about the Dr. Brown's bottle is there are a couple of parts that go into the bottle that help reduce the air bubbles that need to be thoroughly cleaned with the little pipe cleaner thing that comes with the bottle and that's a little bit of a hassle.
I'd just recommend trying both Dr. Brown's and Playtex Ventaire since they are both so similar in function, size, etcI bought these on a recommendation from a Nurse in a child birthing class my husband and I went to.
My daughter burps easily, and sometimes not at all (without any negative effects)... her spit up is minimized by the bottles and she does have colic.
So, anything that reduces the bubbles in her digestive tract are good in my book.I would recommend these to anyone looking to buy bottles for their newborn.
I recently purchased these bottles because my daughter suffers from reflux and needed rice added to her formula to thicken her feedings.
At that time I was using Avent bottles and they did not have a nipple to accommodate the thickened formula.
So, I purchased Dr. Brown's bottles and used the "y" cut nipples for the thickened formula.
They worked great.The only downside to these bottles is that when warmed, the milk sometimes rises into the tube inside the bottle which causes the milk to leak out into the warmer.
Needless to say, I have had to clean my bottle warmer several times.
The reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is only because the bottles are somewhat annoying to clean by hand.
There are many parts to this system.
I do put them in the dishwasher, which makes things much easier, but you need a good supply of bottles thenI was given a Dr. Brown's bottle as a shower gift and am so glad that I got it!
The wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the Avent ones.
She spit up often and would sometimes spit up what looked like half her bottle when she had trouble burping.
She took the Dr. Brown's bottle instantly and so I decided to buy a few more and switch for a week or two to see if there was any benefit.
I'm so glad that I did!Once I got past the fact that the bottle looked as big as my daughter's head (the 8 oz.
), I realized that she was burping much more easily and hardly spitting up at all.I truly believe the benefits of using this bottle outweigh the extra parts you have to clean.
After doing some research I discovered that one of the main reasons bottle-fed babies get more ear infections is because of the "vacuum effect" traditional bottles have.
They are much thinner than the Avent ones and mold better to my baby's mouth.
I suppose this is because the Avent ones have to be thicker and stronger to resist collapsing under pressure?Others have stated that leaking is a problem.
They WILL leak only if:1) you heat them without loosening the top (collar/nipple)2) you travel with them without putting the disk in the top designed to keep them from leakingDon't do these things and you shouldn't have any problems.I definitely recommed you at least try these.
I do like that they're easy to hold for both mom and baby, and I like the fact that they are supposed to reduce gas in babies.
like other bottles these also get watermarks and formula smudge on them easily- you can tell when the bottle goes from clear to very blurry looking so you have to clan with soap and water with almost every use.
Secondly, you only get one small pipe cleaner brush for the smaller holes in the vented plastic parts inside.
So far, I have no had any formula get stuck inside but I still have to clean it, just in case.
They are also not as sturdy as some of the other plastic bottles for some reason, the plastic is a little more flimsy and the formula takes a little longer to heat up.
The only reason I continue to put up with this is because ever since using these although my sons gas has not completely dissipated, he burps on his own more.
I was very disapointed with them, my daughter would spill all the formula out of the sides of the bottles it was so difficult to feed her.
Then a friend of mine suggested these bottles, they were a god send , I really believe they also helped her get rid of gas problems.. the only problem i have is they are hard to clean, but worth itI bought these bottles based on the other reviews for one of my twins.
She spit up a lot after feedings with the Avent bottles (my other daughter had no problem with the Avent bottles) and since they were going to be on 2 different formulas, it seemed a good idea to get a brand new bottle type.
Although I believe she spit up much less with the Dr. Brown system, she ate so slowly that she would only finish half of her bottle and then would fall asleep (she had been drinking 5 oz.
and could only finish between 2-3 oz.
She would then wake up hungry in 2 hours when she previously was eating every 3 1/2-4 hours!
It was sort of a waste of money for me but it might be that my daughter is a fussy eater.
She did spit up less so that was a good thing but not worth the small and slow feedings.
We used the Avent bottles and they were a nightmare!
She would cry during and after eating, because she would get so much gas.
I hand clean bottles anyways and it is so simple to clean these bottles, I can't believe that ppl are so lazy as to complain about a couple extra seconds to run a brush in 3 holes.
Gimmie a break.
I also clean a bunch of parts for my pump, so I just do it all at once.
And we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are GREAT.
If I wanted the BPA free ones I would have order them for $7 cheaper per pack..needless to say I am getting a refund.
But apparently Dr. Browns doesnt make the clear (non BPA free) ones anymore :( So I suppose I will have to get the BPA free kind, but at least I will be getting them cheaper then thisI'm all about new and up dating, even though it's on 1 child, I like to research and know that it's the best or at least the close to it.
It was ok for awhile then things starting getting messy.
If you hate washing dishes, this ain't for ya!
Now this bottle is very difficult.
It has so much things you have to assemble.
If you put just a tad more milk the lid will leak and it's not easy trying to wash that skinny tube.
If I had ten hands I'd give it (10) thumbs upMy baby has reflux and extra gas just makes him completely miserable.
We got these bottles when he was 3-weeks old and they really do make a difference!
But I think I'm convinced!
At the very least, it makes it easier for him to eat since there is no negative pressure created from suction... the food just flows!
I am very happy with this itemOriginally I was thinking of buying the Playtex nurser system, but did't want to spend more money on those little plastic inserts.
And I'd rather clean a few parts then spend more money on those plastic inserts.
I'm trying to spread the word about how great these things are.
I have no problem with it leaking as long as the top is twisted on correctly.
However, everything clogged in them and it never worked well for me at all.Also, Target lost my order and eventually it arrived, weeks late.
Frustrating...A very bad experience with a product that worked very poorly for me.Not recommendedMy son has reflux and the doctor said to put some rice cereal in his bottle.
These nipples have helped me to do so.
It took my son a couple of tries to understand not to suck too hard because he was getting more but he's a pro nowI bought these for my 4 month old, who needs cereal in her formula.
She was having issues getting her meal with a level 2, so I discovered these and thought our problems were solved.
I am hoping the older she gets, we will be able to use them and get our money's worthitem was just as described my ds just wouldn't take the rice cereal from the bottle.
we have to spoon feed it to himI bought these because I thought that I was going to start adding cereal to my son's milk, however then realized this was a no no.
I know that many people out there do this and I'm sure this nipple would work out great, however I did not use this product after allI looked for spoons that I could take everywhere and didnt had to wrap on a napkin (annoying) and found this.
Read some reviews before buying it and I agree that one doesn't fit ...instead of placing the 8 of them, only 7 fit but that's not an issue as I dont use all in one day so I just leave one outside for next time.
Will definitely recommendI like this travel holder of utensils for my little one.
The cover easily snaps it close (no fuss),washable, BPA-free, slim and portable.
What more can I want from this product?
I was looking for something to hold the spoons I had for daycare and travel.
Also, the fork tips are rounded, so our son has a little trouble spearing things with it.
Ours is orange and yellow, which I like better than the pink in the picture since it's more gender neutralThis is the PERFECT way to store utensils for on the go.
I recommend themI was initially hesitant to go with Evenflo, we had used Dr. Brown's with our first child (they were pre-BPA scare bottles so we trashed them).
Glass Nurser - 6-PackThe only thing I wish was a little different about these is the shape.
They are the same shape as the slow flow nipples, and I have to stare at the tops of them to try to decide if the hole is larger (making them fast flow).
Easy to wash. Good value.
I like that I can order them online with amazon prime so it avoids a trip to the store just for 1 small itemI've had no issue with it yet.
I just needed some nipples and locally the stores were to expensive and I didn't feel like traveling to target.
At any rate, they're leaking and I've thrown them out.
It is a personal choiceI ordered these because they said slow flow, and they really are not in my opinion.
However these are very bad for compatibility, and they are very leaky.
Even on Evenflow bottles these leaked liked crazy.
Since we began using those nipples NO LEAKS.
In fact, we noticed no gas too, we switched to using almost allPlaytex VentAire Advanced Standard Bottles 9-Ounce, 3 Pack (Colors Vary)as our main bottle.
The nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
Spend the money, buy the good stuffThese nipples are not bad but still did not slow down my son from eating too fast.
Never developed any stains either.
She is 7 mo and she requires her milk to be given to her in Parent's choice bottles with Evenflo nipples... no idea why, but that is the only way she takes her milk; took us some time to figure this one out, but got there eventually.
These can be sterilized in water in the microwave.
They are reasonably soft, but last long enough.
Only problem I would say is that there is no way to tell which are fast, medium or slow - there are no markings.
They had much less colic and gas when using them.
I've stocked up to have them for future grandchildren, because I haven't come across another type or brand of nipple that works so wellI have no complain about the product...but the baby just do not like it...she takes any pacifier bu not this one... donno whythis was the perfect pacifier for my baby and the only one she could stand after trying more than 10 typesMy son never used these...since he is a boy and the ones I received were pink...so I can't attest to whether he liked them or not.Maybe it's just me, but colors may vary just doesn't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutralI gave these 5 stars because they are soft and well designed.
However my baby doesn't like them but it is my own fault for not reinforcing the pacifier soon enough so I bought these to try them, hoping that my baby would magically take it.
I didn't want to introduce the pacifier too early, but broke down and gave him this one at 3 weeks, and we haven't had any trouble with &#34;nipple confusion.&#34; (I put it in parenthesis because some are questioning its existence.. ;) In any case, these pacifiers look &#34;old fashioned&#34; but they're actually very nice with a natural-shaped (not orthodontic) nipple.
but stay in much better than the soothies, which babies often have trouble keeping in.
Shaped more like a bulb and less like the orthodontic ones.
He can hold it in his mouth easily, and it doesn't seem to bother his sore gums, now that he is teething badly.
With the more narrow base, he can compress the nipple inside his mouth without putting a lot of pressure on his gums.
We have tried other pacifiers, because these particular ones are becoming difficult for me to find at my local store.
We did have to look over all of the "bulb" portions of the pacis, to check for wear, so some of our older ones had to be thrown out.
It's not a mark against the product though, since my boys have plenty of teeth, and like to bite and pull on theseUsed for dolls, and these are as close to the vintage version that was very similar as I can findFirst try I bought her pacifiers, I bought these at the grocery store and ever since she will spit out or throw any other pacifiers, but these.
More than half the time she'll go right to sleep when I give her her pacifier or she'll calm down.
This is a huge headache because its very hard to find them in some stores and when we lost it while on vacation we had a very very hard day.
The pacis differ slightly from the photo.
These seem to expel water from inside the nipple easier, which is good.
Because I have had some that looked like the one pictured and it is difficult to clear the water after washing.
Then baby makes a squishing noise when sucking and makes it hard for him to sleep.
But it is okay, as we use these for sleep at home only.
Since these are so hard to find retail (only at Wall***t)and often out of stock, we have been using a similar shaped paci from avent?
I think on outings.
I wanted to get him used to a different type in case we ran into a situation where we couldn't find this paci.
Amazon could fix this if they wished.
Lots of unhappy customers with boysMy baby kept on gagging on these.
The teat is very big!
Not impressed with these pacifiers at all.
Don't buyThese aren't the best nipples we purchased, but they're not the worst either.
Also, if you're one who puts cereal in the bottle (Something I don't recommend doing unless a doctor suggests it - just a personal opinion) the holes aren't big enough for that eitherI bought these through prime to avoid a trip to a box store.
Reflecting back on all the products for babies that were placed on prominent shelves and highly advertised on the Internet, much of what we bought was unnecessary.
Price signals in the baby product category don't seem that relevant in that expensive items were often not of better quality.
The most important thing for parents of newborns is to try to get some babysitting help so they can sleep more and have some down time.
These have fit the purpose well.
They work perfect for a few different bottles I use & are in expensiveMy two month old tends to chicle on the milk when to much comes out of a regular nipple this doesn't take away the problem completely but reduces the occurrencesI like Gerber products.
What is the point of them I do not know.
Would have returned but not worth even worrying with so I just threw them away!!
perfectGerber First Essential Silicone BPA Free Nipples, Slow Flow, 6 PackCalidad del producto excelente.Costo del producto acorde la calidad,Tiempo de entrega conforme lo establecido.Embalaje conforme el producto.Recomendado para los bebes de la casa, por excelente calidad, econom&iacute;a y utilidadThis is an good product, little loose for medela 5oz & 8oz bottles that we have.
They almost dont fit the nipple rings of the medela bottles the nipples come out of the ring when my son handles them a little rough and all the milk starts pouring out.
We had to use these nipples with Enfamil Nipple Rings/CapsEnfamil Slow Flow Soft Nipple, 12-Countthe only down side is these caps dont take or have any caps.But there is one big advantage of these nipples, which is they dont get stuck like other nipples.
My baby is used to pinching on the nipple hard, other nipples get stuck due to vacuum and milk doesn't pass.
This one doesn't get stuck because of the tooth inside the nipple.
I wish it fit the medela bottle a little better.
It is said to be good for colic babies not sure how exactly that works.I would recommend this if your kid has the same problem as mine.
The only thing is that you have to be sure that it fits you bottle these are the standard ones.
Silicone is not thin as the others we have tried.
It left room where it leaks when the baby pulls the nipple.
I am going to order moreThese are great replacement nipples for the Gerber Essential Bottles.
Would buy moreI had latex nipples for my Gerber bottles, but after a couple washes they felt sticky & didn't ever seem clean.
Much more durable & easier to clean.
It is hard to EXACTLY push the cap down directly onto the nipple and keep the nipple at 90 degrees.
I've had these caps fill with Similac when the bottle topples over in a diaper bag...try feeding a hungry baby in a mall with a cup full of milk that is about to leak all over everything...not fun...To improve the product, there should be an upside-down saucer-shaped plastic piece in the dead center of the inside of the top of the cap.
Avent bottles seem to almost weld themselves shut after a few hours in the fridge.
About half the time, the condensation on the bottle requires me to take the cap off to get leverage on the Avent screw-on nipple locking ring.
I find when I run them through the dishwasher, inevitably at least one flips over and fills with dirty dishwater by the time the cycle is complete.
I fill it halfway with water and have my 8 month old sip from it.
Be careful and just let baby's lips barely touch the water as it could go into the wrong tube.
I know when she's done when she lets the water spill out from her mouth, sort of playing with the waterWe have used avent bottle for all 4 of children and always seem to loose the lids.
The sippy spouts used to get covered with dust, lint, etc., but with these caps that's no longer an issue.
The door monkey won't work on those.
It's a little pricey, but you get a good productI actually use this to keep the door open to the room where we keep the cat's litter box.
Its a subtle product and keep guests from closing the doorWe are buying more of these.We bought two originally to keep our door cracked and the baby room door cracked so we aren't opening and shutting doors all the time.
It's just enough to let the crying noise through but not the lights from the rest of the house.They have withstood twin teething toddlers, and fit our doors great.
We live in a house with doors from the 60s.Most of the bad reviews about these are on exterior doors being slammed or blown by wind... all I can say is they can withstand the slamming of a toddler really wellMy oldest son got his finger caught in a door jam at school, after spending time in the ER we were not going to let it happen again.
This works great to protect from pinches, but will do nothing if your child veers toward the space hinge sideI had high hopes for these little guys but no such luck.
I put one on my bathroom door and it worked to prevent it slamming on my son's fingers, but it left the gap at the other side of the door where the hinges are, where he eventually worked his way over and CRUNCH slammed them in there instead.
awesomeI had found a couple of these at a local discount store that were on sale that I just couldn't pass up.
We have one on our 15-lite dining room door that our 20 month toddler will sometimes close (or slam) and one on her bedroom door.
It makes me feel so much better not having to worry about her slamming her fingers in the door.
I stumbled across these on Amazon and after some quick math, realized that these liners priced at $5.99/free shipping for 140 liners were the absolute cheapest liners you could get.
So I had to try them.
My aunts assured me that they were all that they used with their children and it wasn't that bad.
They really aren't bad.
In fact, there are some things I like better about them.
The only flaw I can find is that it does take a few extra seconds to get the liner in the bottle than a drop-in but for the perks I will live with itI didn't realize that it costs just as much in the store near by where I live.
Now I just get it from the store then I dont have to wait for it to be shipped.
Check the price at your store first to see if they carry it and how much it costs.
I get mine from walmartnice product but just as easy to buy the generic store brand at a cheaper priceEither way the ones they are selling here seem to be the standard ones that are pictured not DropIns as the Title says.
Standard liners are not hard to use.
We left the tabs on the bag that they say to remove because my son never noticed them and they seemed to hold the bag on better.
Unfortunately you can't mix the formula in them because its hard to measure correctly where as you can pretty well with the dropins.
Way better.
Also we didn't buy the Playtex dropins, the store brand was cheaper and just as goodI thought I was buying the drop-ins when I bought these.
On the plus side, they are highly portable due to the fact that they are flat plastic bags and would be easy to tuck in a diaper bag.
Recently when I took some of these with my baby while traveling I had to pour my required amount of water into plastic bottles with lids which takes away from the liners portability to say the least.
There is also no way you could get a full 8 oz.
of water PLUS your formula into these liners which leaves me having to feed my baby 6 oz.
then running back and pouring in another 2 oz.
I've not had any trouble with the Drop-ins leaking like some other reviewers (yet!!).
I can see they will be easier to travel with since they are flat (as opposed to the drop ins which are round).
If you cannot reach the top of the closet door easily you may want to try and find a different productGreat product!
With the Safety 1st it's adjustable with the twist of a knob!
The problem I had with the Mommy's helper was that it was way too big and left too much space for the door to open and eventually pinch little fingers.
I would hands down recommend this product for anyone whos trying to keep little rug rats out of bi-fold doorsIt's cheap.
My only suggestion is to resist the urge to tighten it a lot, because it can be a little hard to loosen afterward.
As long as it's snug, it's not going anywhereThese go on in two seconds, and are easy to slide over or remove.
They are very effective, and don't scratch the woodBought these to keep my little explorer out of the pantry, linen closet, etc.
It seems a little flimsy at first, but it does its job.
If you are unable to reach the top of your closet doors easily though, this product will get annoying quick.
I can reach ours, but barely.
I'm just glad his socks and shoes aren't scattered all over his room nowDon't waste your time with this one--it just pops right off the top.
I haven't found a good solution for the bi-fold door, sorryThese locks are AWESOME.
We slid them into the folding spots on my preschooler's closet doors.
The photo is misleading and makes it look like they lock in the middle between the doors, but they actually slide into place where the doors fold, so make sure to order twoI was a little disappointed when we received these, as they're rather difficult to move (especially for a short person)!
I need something for a pantry and coat closet, however, going into those areas several times a day has become tedious.
I intend to try some other optionsI have a little two year old Houdini who figures out how to escape out of anywhere and can get into everything, no matter how much I child-proof.
We purchased this so he would stop getting into his closet when he was meant to be taking a nap.
I was disappointed that the doors of his closet where too thick for this, so make sure that you measure thickness before you purchase.
It still does the trick, as it is too high for the little one to moveWe had to remove the inside bracket to get these to fit our bi-fold doors.
This product has to be unscrewed and slid to the side to open the door, then slid back and screwed tight after closing the door.
Also, this goes on the top of the doors so it can be rather difficult to reach.
I am 5' 7&#34; and have a hard time reaching it to unlock it.
I first used this on a venture to BRU for a Grandparent's Day Breakfast and while Grandma was sitting in on a 529 seminar, my daughter suddenly discovered that she was beyond famished - so up we go out to the car to warm up a bottle!
Unless the bottle is a regular generic bottle with a gallon of fluid inside, it won't keep the heating latch engaged.
I had to sit there and continuously push the bottle down onto the latch AND then after 10 minutes, the bottle was still ice cold!
I have no idea how to warm a bottle in the car and have no reccomendations, but I will tell you that this mini blood pressure machine will do nothing to benefit the appetite of an impatient child when she's hungryWe have been quite happy with the warmer until last week.
We plugged it in and 5 seconds later it was smoking and burning at the car adapter outlet.
My husband right away pulled out the burning plug but it already melted and a metal piece of it stayed int the outlet causing an electric short.
It heats the bottle to lukewarm, but that's as hot as you should want it anyway.
Otherwise you could have scalding hot milk on the outside and ice cold in the middle.
Even with the minor problems I found it useful to have on car tripsFor the most part, I like this product.
For $10 I was happy with itIf you are planning even one long trip with your new little one, you'll be glad you have this, but try it out before you go.
It's a good idea to try it out before you travel so you know how long it will take.
One use will pay for itselfThe idea is great, the product is not so great.
We have the same reviews as everyone else.
I feel like he could do this all day.
Another plus is being able to take them into his inflatable tub so he can play with them while we give him his bath and he loves watching the water come out the little holes in the bottom of each one.
Especially for the price!
There are tiny holes in the bottom to allow fluids, etc.
He puts other things inside them, under them, etc.
etc.
), about "big" and "little," etcOur son plays with these all the time in our bath tub.
At his grandmas, he plays with them as regular toys... he loves to "throw" them and chase them around her hard wood floors.
Highly recommendedWe bought a set for the bathtub, and one for the playroom and my little girl really gets a lot of enjoyment out of theseI remember my grandma having stacking cups like these at her house when I was little.
When I had my daughter who is now 9 years old, we would go over there and she would play with the same stacking cups.
I saw these on Amazon and had to order them for my little son.
They are a great little set of cups.
They also have numbers 1-8 printed on the bottom.
Each cup has holes in the bottom, the number of holes corresponds to what number the cup is.
For example the #1 cup has one small heart hole, #4 has 4 small squares and the #8 has 8 small circle holes.
I checked the tag and there&#8217;s nothing on there about BPA.
The cups easily fit into one another.
The cups are numbered on the bottom and have small holes (each cup has a different shape hole...star-shaped, etc).
She doesn't like toys that play music, have blinking lights, wiggle, or talk.
The colors are a little unusual - not useful in a pattern and not standard primary colors -but no problem, really.
I found these at Kohl's for a similar price, but I could not find anything similar to this at other retail stores around me.
These are a MUST for the toy collection.
This is played with everydayFor a toy that is supposed to stack up, these cups are very hard to stack and don't stay stacked up.
Can't get my mind around a stack-up toy that a child cannot stackBaby loves to nest and stack and throw these cups.
These are a dry toy for us, but note that the bottoms all have little cutouts to drain and won't hold water very well for tubby play.
I have a set for the diaper bag, and can pull them out for play or to hold dry snacks.
Great value.
Only downside is there is no strap to keep them all together in a bag or toy box, so i use a fat rubber band.
They also have holes and are fun for water playMy daughter loves playing with (and chewing on) these when she plays with her toys on the floor, but she likes plaing with them in the bath even more.
It doesn't say so in the product description, but each cup has holes in the bottom (the same number of holes as the number on the cup, and each cup has differently-shaped holes--e.g., seven stars, 6 squares, etc.
), so in the bath my daughter can fill these with water and watch the water come out the holes in little waterfalls.
She LOVES this, and it'll keep her busy for a long time.
They have tiny holes in the bottom that are die cut in different shapes, so you could use them in the tub, count the holes (they correspond with the stacking order of the cups).
Finally, he started to study them and spent a lot of time at this activity.At the present time, our boy is 15 months old.
Now he takes the stack apart, arranges the cups on a flat place, goes back to get them and put them back together in the proper order.
I sometimes mix them up on his flat place and turn a few upside down.
He immediately goes to the pile and sorts them out in the proper orientation and order and rebuilds the stack.
It's rather amazing.He seems to find the cups endlessly fascinating.
When he's whiny or grumpy, I give him the stack and that immediately grabs his attention.
In the bath.
In the car.
The number of holes and the shape side counts match the numbers on the cups.
She plays with them at bath time, in her playpen, when eating, and in the carWe bought these when my son was 6 months old.
It doesn't seem to get old.
When I saw these stacking cups in the baby store, I put them on my registry instead because they were made w/ safer plastic like the Green Sprouts toys.The label on the learning curve stackers and other products indicate: no PVC, no bpa, and no Phthalates....it's important to me that we have as many safe toys as possible for our baby so I was thrilled to find these.I like this stacking toy because the cups fit nicely in one another and have enough of an edge that they stack nicely on top of one another.
I know she'll like to play with them as she gets older and was glad she already showed an interest in them at this time tooMy 5 month old loves these stacking cups.
It's a great toy for him and I know he'll like them even more when he's older and can actually stack them like they're supposed to goI don't care what brand you get or where you get the stacking cups, just buy them.
My daughter has played with them since she was at least 2 months old.
She's 18 months now and she still plays with them.
We have stacking cups for her bath time, too, and she plays with those forever.
I did have to take away the smallest cup because she kept putting the whole thing in her mouthThis is a fantastic toy, there are so many games to play with this.
Every time i stack the cups my little one looks at the cups being stacked very intently.
The great thing is it takes up easily half an hour playingI was told it would be helpful to buy stacking cups, so I found these.
Like a couple of other reviewers, upon receiving them, I was disappointed.
These cups are very small and the lip area is small.
I had trouble with the larger cups, the smaller cups were ridiculous.
They are affordable and not &#34;cheap&#34; quality.
Whenever we have them out around other kids a little older, the bigger kids want them too.
Great for the tub, playing on the floor, high chair, beach... well, we obviously travel with these.
The colors were different than shown, but still bright & cheeryThese cups keep my little guy busy for a long time!
I will say I thought the cups would be a little bigger.
They are quite smallThese little cups are a good value.
I know my little boy will enjoy playing with these during bath time nowMy daughters had cups like these when they were young and they were great for playing in the bath tub, wading pool and sandbox.
My 20 month granddaughter loves her set just as much and has gotten a lot of use out of themBEST TOY EVER!!!
;) They've been the #1 toy in our playroom for well over a year nowIs it the stacking, the nesting, i dont know but if you have a child around 1 get this.
I like that each cup has little shaped holes (stars, hearts, triangles, etc.)
Not too expensiveThe cups are stackable and come with numbers on the bottom.
Medium weight plastic.
I am not really excited abt these cups, as other reviewers said, they do not stack up very well but that's not a major issue to me ... My issue is that code #7 which was only indicated on the plastic wrapper, not the cups themselves so it's easily missedOur baby girl LOVED these cups.
She still plays with them in the bath now at 16 months, as some of them have holes and can drain the water through.
She plays with them every day and doesn't seem to tire of them unlike her other toys.
She doesn't stack them - and I agree with others who have said that they're not that easy to stack - the grooves in the cups could be cut deeper so the cups fit better.
Great toy!
But most importantly, I love these stacking cups because my child can actually stack them without them tipping over, unless she wants them to.
Some stacking cups are not steady and it causes toddlers great frustration when they are trying to stack a tower and it falls midway.
I bought them thinking the largest could double as a bathing cup...but they all have holes.
Each cup has a number on the bottom and a set of holes that correspond with that number making it perfect for bath time too.
She is fascinated by the water coming out of the holes in the bottom and never seems to tire of collecting them all around her and putting them in her mouth.
Bath, play chewing it works all day longI have given this a 4 start rating only because they are quite small in size and are difficult for little fingers to stack.
The difference between sizes is very small, hence little ones cant really differentiate between sizes.
But they are being used as bath toys now.
They have little holes and my son loves to squish water around.
The quality of plastic is good.
I would at the same time not recommend it for the stacking purposeClassic toy that my daughter plays with all the time.
When she was younger she loved to knock down the stacks of cups we would build for her.
The 2 smallest cups are pretty small and will most likely get lost under furniture, but such is life with a toddlerMy 10 month old seriously plays with these more than any other toy.
I don't know why they are so much more entertaining than expensive toys with bells and whistles, but they areMy son has been playing with these since 8 months old and its his favorite toy.
He will cry if his stacking cups are not around!Colorful, easy to stack from big to small or small to big order, he loves to knock them over.Durable, I've washed these in a bleach solution several times and they hold up great.
Stacking, knocking down, putting things inside, taking apart, banging.
They have different shapes holes in the bottom to make &#34;fountains&#34; in the tub.
She plays with them a variety of ways - nesting them, knocking down stacks I build, crawling around with them on her hands, and more!
My mother has some and says my niece loved playing with them at 5 years oldThe label states this product was tested for lead and BPA.
Now at 14 months she is trying to stack them and put one inside the other.
One for the tub and one for the toy box/travel.
My 10 month old likes the holes in the bottom when we play with these in the tub and she like to knock them down when you stack them on the floor.
I don't know why we waited so long.
Great for travel as you can do lots with them and they don't take up too much spaceAfter ordering these a few months ago we just took them out for my 8 month old to play with.
She ends up chasing them across the floorI picked these up on sale, and was not expecting much from them.Turns out my son loves them and I do too.
They are portable (easily fit into a bag), quiet, don't break when thrown on the floor, and still hold his interest after months of owning them.Amazing how something so simple can be so entertainingMy daughter has a great time playing with these cups.
They are also great in the bathtub as she likes to scoop up the water but because they have holes the water drains out before she can try to drink itI bought these for my great-grandson who is almost one year old.
He carries them all over the place and likes to play with them in the water because they have holes on the bottom that they water pours out of.
Then we discovered they were fun in the bath tub.
Heaven knows what they will do next but you can't go wrong with themMy 1 year old loves these "stackers," He plays with them each and every day for long periods.
I put mine in the dishwasher on the top rack and they clean up very wellThese outlet covers are a complete waste of money.
I am so disappointed by this product.
I should have bought the cheaper ones that are really hard to remove.
Don't buyTrust me they figure out how to get them out of the outlets.
unfortunately, my toddler thought so too.
the make it so the outlet is accessible to me, but not my sonAbsolutely the worst!
The little notches on the side are baby finger sized and they come right out.
Buy the old school kind for REAL safetyMy 15 month old has no problem taking these out.
His interest has been drawn to them now and they are very ineffectiveMy daughter suffered with serious colic during her first three months.
These bottles saved the day.
They really do work, and trust me, it is worth it to spend a little more time cleaning the bottle for the peaceful tranquility that you will have because your newborn isn't up screaming with stomach pains.
Granted, not all babies need this, but my daughter certainly did.
I don't know if they sell them online, but I get them at the local BRU store.
These bottles are a little expensive, but I would have paid twice the price for the relief that these bottles gave my daughterHere's the deal: there are lots of bottles out there that claim to reduce/eliminate gas from being ingested during feeding.
The problem with venting the air through the collar is that it ends up bubbling up and mixing with the formula.
The problem with venting through the base is that it requires a bit of force to get the air to go through the perforations - so the bottle builds up negative pressure that resists your baby's sucking.
This is the same issue with the collapsible liner bottles - the resistance becomes stronger as the baby finishes the bottle and collapses the liner.Dr.
Browns are the only ones that do not mix air with the formula and at the same time do not create any resistance to sucking.
I'd say this is a small inconvenience.
I had no luck with this product, either, and there were more parts to clean with this feeding system.
I'm glad this product has worked for others, but for me, it was an expensive and failed experimentLove these bottles!
Very durable & no leaks while drinking (although I have noticed that they will leak sometimes if they're in the diaper bag & it gets turned upside down).
I originally bought the 4oz bottles, but quickly ran to the store for the 8 ounce bottles because it does not take more than 6 wks before you are feeding more than 4 ounces.
My son has had less gas since we've been using these bottles.
I've never had a problem with them leaking.
There's a line on them that you're not supposed to fill past, as long as the milk isn't filled past that line you shouldn't have a leaking problem.
As another reviewer mentioned, don't even bother buying the 4 ounce bottles.
At two months my son is already at 5 ounces, so we barely got any use out of them.
The 8 ounce bottles are all you needDefintely helped our spitup.
My advice is (if this is not your baby's first bottle)whatever nipple you baby is first exposed to try to get the clostest nipple to it.
Within a few minutes of eating, he would scream in pain.
We tried the Avent bottles, which only made the situation worse given the odd shape of the nipples.The FIRST time we used a Dr. Brown's bottles we noticed a significant difference.
In a very short time, he was no longer screaming after every meal.
We, however, still use the Dr Brown bottles... Not sure we would like to risk it with other bottles and make it even worse!
I wanted to tell you that the cleaning is not that bad and that it's worth trying.
Don't get small bottles, though, unless it is for something different tha formula feeding; 4 oz is nothingMy baby is a little over a month old.
I had heard positive reviews of Avent products so I went with their bottles.
My baby was having terrible gas.
My 3 month old baby has never had a problem with spitting up or having too much gas.
In fact, I can count on one hand the number of times he has spit up.
Yes, there are some extra parts to clean and that can get annoying, but it really only takes a few extra seconds.
And, yes, when the inner tubing gets full, it might leak a little, or the opposite happens--nothing comes out.
But, like the other reviewer said, just unscrewing it and putting it back in fixes this.
With the Dr. Brown's my son had no problems with gas, burping, or anything.
They have more parts to clean, but it is a small price.
With the Evenflo bottles he kept gulping it to fast and would choke, he had the hiccups a lot and you could here the bottle making a "vacuum" noise.
I used those Vent-Aire garbage bottles and my son was not a HAPPY camper with them... he'd literally sweat trying to eat from them...and would take him 45 minutes or more to eat 6oz--EVEN AFTER I'd try and make the nipple hole(s) bigger.
2 drawbacks...(1)they're a pain to clean, and YOU MUST clean the inside chamber!, and (2) you must take off the nipple before heating in a microwave, else it will leakI used the Avent bottles for expressed breast milk; the #1 stage nipple took my daughter 45 minutes to finish and the #2 stage nipple took her only 15 minutes but she had horrible gas pains after the feeding.
I read the reviews of these bottles and purchsed one to try it out and it worked like a charm.
It took her only 15 minutes and no gas pains and very little spitting up!
I am selling all my avent bottles on ebayI have a four month old son and unfortunately, just discovered this bottle a month ago.
I saw them in the store while doing my shower registry and quite honestly, they looked too complicated so I didn't put them on my list...BIG mistake!I tried several other brands of bottles and this is by far the best.
It does everything it claims to do as far as eliminating gas and spit-up.It isn't complicated at all and isn't anymore difficult to wash than the other bottle types.
I found the slimmer design is easier for me to handle, but I would think the size of the bottle wouldn't matter as far as performance.If my husband would let me restock my bottle supply (18) with Dr. Brown's, I would be one happy lady, but that isn't going to happen!Don't make the same mistake I did, buy Dr. Brown's from the start...you won't regret itFor the first few days of my son's birth, we had the wide-neck Avent bottles which leaked, the nipples gave him suction blisters on the lips, he needed extensive burping and he would find it difficult to suck against the negative-pressure that builds up in those bottle.
Dr Brown's bottles solved all these issues.I have six bottles and it takes me less than 20 minutes to wash them by hand.
Save yourself the money and go straight for the 8oz bottles.
Use the travel-discs when transporting milk and there will be no leaks.
Try some other websites, which have better prices and offer the 9-pack variety.
If you're paying shipping, might as well get some extra small brushes, you'll need them.
Never fussy or anything.
I've read some posts here with moms complaining that the bottles leak -NEVER HAD THAT PROBLEM.
The only negative thing thatwe have experienced with these bottles has been that theyhave leaked at times.
As long as you are careful how you place the top filtration piece- it should be fineBased on reviews from mommies I know and this website, I went with Dr. Brown's bottles right from the start.
This is terrific for my little monster who often approaches the bottle like she would gobble it up whole if she could!
She has always taken a full feeding, and she has almost no gas or spit-up.
In fact, we really have to work to get a burp out of her!
It's certainly outwieghs the fact that they are a little bothersome to clean.
I may look into a dishwasher basket, but I want to make sure they will get as clean as when I wash them.I've had no problem with leakage or anything, and I don't why some people have...?
I breastfed too he was good on both the bottle and breast.
He took the bottle right away without a complaint and it has never interfered with nursing.
I pump and my husband feeds him a bottle for his late night feeding and they do great!
Since then we have upgrades to the size 1 nipples.I have never had a problem with bubbles and my baby rarely has to burp.
I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but I don't really have a problem with that.
I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
As to some reviewers complaints about leakage, it's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and I've found that if I unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put it back in, the problem is resolved.
The adjustment takes less than a minute and like I said, I've only had it happen once or twice.
We switched to Dr. Bown's and he took to it with little problem.
Why did we switch?
There are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles.
For expecting parents, I would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other.
They do reduce spit up.
We tried the cheap Gerber bottles for a month while we were traveling, and he spit up volumes.
Once we were settled and switched back to Dr Brown, the spit up stoppedWe just found these bottles and couldn't be happier!
My only complaint is that the narrow 8-oz bottles are too tall for my diaper bag.
I need to get the wide-mouth bottles and they should fit better.
My baby girl had colic and gas from day one and was up all night crying until my mother heard about Dr. Brown's bottles and urged me to try them.
bottles and going staight to the 8 oz.
ones to save some $$, just don't fill them all the way up until necessary, they sell extra nipples in various levels.
And as for the other reviews complaining that they leak and are hard to clean and expensive: if you assemble them correctly and do not overfill, they won't leak, and the 2 extra parts are WELL WORTH the extra time to clean, but they are not "hard" to clean, I soak in hot soapy water and rinse, rarely do I have to use the brush thing, and they are really no more expensive than other bottles, well worth it and plus you can save by just using these instead of trying all the others.
Please do read and follow the directions though, i think some of the negative reviews are the results of not properly using the bottles and following instructionsThis bottle does have a lot of parts to clean but if you weigh the options of spending about an extra 10 minutes per day cleaning bottle and your baby having less gas, it is worth it.
This bottle has 5 parts to clean and others usually have about 3.
So if you clean 8 bottles per day and the Dr. Brown's bottles have 2 extra parts, that is like cleaning 16 extra parts per day.
Really, it takes maybe 10 seconds per extra part.
Really, think about it.
It doesn't take that much longer to clean!
The biggest problem I noticed was that they leaked after I had them in the cooler if we went out.
I never filled them past the line, but they ALWAYS LEAKED when they were cold.
I'm a nursing mother and it killed me to watch my milk leaking from those bottles all the time.
It was such a waste and my daughter would get milk all over her chin and neck.
Cleaning the bottles was also a big pain.
I really do not reccomend these bottles.
I gave them to a friend who wanted to try them out.
I'm much happier with the Playtex nurser bottles with the drop ins.
She would dribble and choke on the formula.
Then my doctor finally suggested we try the Dr. Brown's bottles.
She finally drank the formula fine, with no problems.
Also, she no longer had any gas!
Also...don't bother getting the 4 oz.
are all you need.
for very long.
We purchased some and we were impressed.
After two days he was less gassy and actually slept through the night.
She would always get to much air and spit up half of what she ate.
You can puch the air out so you dont have to worry about it.
I wouldnt recommend these or aventThis product did seem to help aleviate my baby's spit ups and gas, when compared to other bottles that would make my baby vomit.
Even washing them by hand is not difficult.
My child had reflux and we had to put rice cereal in these bottles as well...if you have to do that, then you need the Y-cut nipples as well.
Great bottlesI actually tried many bottles before I splurged and bought these.I spent alot of money on the Avent bottles because they were supposed to be the closest to the breast.
They would finish a bottle in about 1/2 the time and no more caving in nipples or leaks.
They do still tend to spit up and have alot of gas from the other end, so I'm not sure about how much gas these bottles actually reduce.They are rather time consuming to clean because of all the parts.
I hand clean bottles anyways and it is so simple to clean these bottles, I can't believe that ppl are so lazy as to complain about a couple extra seconds to run a brush in 3 holes.
Gimmie a break.
I also clean a bunch of parts for my pump, so I just do it all at once.
And we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are GREAT.
And if you would rather, the bottles and all parts fit in the munchikin dishwasher basket.. even the sraws can be put in the straw things on the side of it!!!
We have them in 4 ounce size and the fat 8 ounce size and they are all perfectI purchased Dr. Brown's bottles for my daughter.
With a very fussy newborn, I did not have time to waste assembling the bottle.
I've learned to be very suspicious of baby products from those places- seems like they've usually had some sort of issue and no one will buy them any more and sometimes those issues are dangerous like with this product.I think this blender is pointless.
One could do much better buying a small food processor from Target or something.
This blender is weak, doesn't blend very quickly or efficiently.
I'm horrified to read the reviews and learn about the plastic ring which I cannot find in mine!
I guess I fed my baby plastic!
Mine's been sitting in a plastic bag ready to go to Goodwill.
Maybe I should just throw it away.It's a piece of junk that ends up in Ross because it's a poorly designed product.
)- Pretty easy to clean- Just 4 parts, so easy to assemble and use- It's not super heavy duty, so I do chop things up a good amount before putting them in thereAll in all, I think it's worth it.
I wanted more cherry so I ordered the Walnut.
He spent a bit of time and one of the last steps was screwing in the hinge but it just would not go through!
The problem seemed to be the pre-drilled holes were not lined up and the screws were very cheap that he ended up stripping them easily.
It is simply gorgeous and went so well with our living room decor you wouldn't realize it has toys in it.
It just means my son won't ever be trapped and it's quite unlikely he'll ever crush his fingers in closing it.OVERALL:Attractive looking piece at an attractive price.Not the finest quality but better than a plastic look (for me)(although durable) and it's not particle board either so I would expect it to hold up for quite some timeI ordered this through Amazon and recieved it quickly (thank you Prime shipping!)
but we were missing one of the hinges to put it together.
All of the paperwork that came with it said NOT to contact Amazon for replacement parts but to instead contact the company directly.
I went to their website and there was a page dedicated solely to ordering replacement parts.
(Makes me think it happens quite a bit?!)
I would've given it 5 starts had it come with all of the correct pieces right off the bat and will probably be buying one for our baby once he's in need of his own toy box as wellHad to put it together and it was not complicated took about 30 minutes.
There is a lot of room for my twins toys.
I really love the safety feature on the lid so it will not slam down on little hands their safe.. We really LOVE this toy box.
My daughters LOVE their toy box of course their the one who picked it outThis toy box ended up being a perfect match for our living room.
I like that I can just throw all his toys in, close the lid, and you can't tell it's a toy box!
The lid has a special hinge that doesn't allow the lid to slam, so my son (now 17mo old) can open and close it and I never have to worry about him smashing his finger.
It feels sturdy and heavy and I'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years.
The lid does not shut all the way but I believe it's because the spring needs to settle in over a little time.
Now we don't accept this behavior, but the chest is proving to hold up just fineIt looks nice for the moment after it's assembled.
Return time is short as well FYI, huge waste of moneyThis is a great toybox.
replacement of the pieces was easy - you order it online.
It was great since our daughter was very gassy when using other bottles but with these we would push up as much air as we could and we feel it helped to reduce the air she sucked inThese drop ins have been a lifesaver for feeding time with my infant..
Works just fine for usIt is supposed to have a convenient dispenser bottom.
There are two perforations which would be great except they are not shaped like the liners and when you pull them through the bottom they get all scrunched up.
I use them with my playtex milk storage rings and connect to my breast pump...so easy to use, put the cap on and refrigerate or freeze.
Baby also has less gas with the drop in liners than with the bottles.
I stopped using bottles for breast milk and just use these exclusively.
You can sit the bottle in a cup of hot water and it warms up quickly.
I also like that you can squeeze the air out of the bottle and save your little one's tummy.
I have had some occasions where the liner leaked around the seal.
This was not a big enough issue to cause me to quit using them.
the liners are handy, like the fact that they are bpa free and that you can switch them outI exclusively pump, and I love using Playtex nursers for my daughter.
I use the &#34;hot water in a glass&#34; method for heating the milk, and since the liner is thin, it doesn't take a lot of time.
The price in Amazon is much less than that in stores, even Wal-Mart.
Easy to use and fit into all of our four oz playtex drop in bottles.
The price is right too!
These will work when I double line the bottles, seal the holes in the nipple, and adhere the collar to the bottle's 'body'.
It is convenient, clean and a time saver.
I became incredibly prone to blocked ducts when pumping and feeding some bottles became a part of our routine.
These liners are thin enough to manipulate easily, but also durable.
We have never had one leak in the diaper bagLove these liners--quick prep, easy feeding and makes bottle clean up a breeze, especially if you forget a bottle in the car or find one under the bed from a late night half awake feeding--you don't have to throw the bottle away because of the yuckI love the playtex dropins system.
But that's my fault.
Overall, no complaints.
My baby has had no problem going from breast to bottle (we do both) -- and having a liner makes cleaning the bottles super easy.
I wish I knew about these before birth and not spent so much money on the dr. brownsConvenient and useful and everyone knows it.
They're his go-to 'bottles' for feeding LO.
We reach for these when we travel, and bring only one nurser and a couple nipples.
Though I don't use as many as some because I mostly breastfeed and use these for pumped milk, they really do make life easier, and for us they last a long time, since we may only use one or two a day, so it works to about $6 for 2 months, which I think is a small price for a little extra helpThese wall hanging are well made and are so light weight you can put them up with a tack.
These go with the Jungle Babies theme.
I purchased the whole ensemble and the babies room looks great.
They can be thrown in the washing machine when they get too dusty and hold up wellI love these wall hangings.
I did not get anything from the matching set...I just added them to what I already had and they really bring the room together.
I like that I can &#34;be in control&#34; a little bit more with this bath tub.I really wish that I would have gotten this when he was 4-5 months old when he could sit upright by himself.I make sure that I rinse it out and hang it up immediately so that it can start drying out.
So far, I have not noticed any musty smell.What I also like about this is my son burnt his foot and we were having to elevate it and keep it out of the water for awhile.
Since the sides are soft (think bean bag chair) we propped his foot up on the side and he left it there because it was cushiony.
We were using a bath "chair/sling" type thing and I always felt that my daughter was going to slip out of it and into the tub so I was constantly readjusting her.
And forget my husband trying to bath her...that was just not going to happen.
Her toys all stay within her reach and in front of her.
I have never had problems with mildew or any strange smells.
We rinse it off with the shower nozzle after her bath and hang it from the shower curtain rod to dry.
how long does it take to dry?3.
at what age would you recommend this product?
would it be appropriate for a 3 1/2 month old who can't sit on his/her ownI thought this insert was a great idea, but it seemed to scare my 10-month old.
The second time she cried the entire time despite my taking the time to show it to her and let her touch it, etc, before getting into the tub.
same thing on night 3, so I returned it.
As others have said, despite the manufacturers image, this tub doesn't really fill up with water - it pretty much soaks back through to the main tub.
As a smaller tub to fit in your larger tub, it's quite nice.
It was rigid when it arrived, but softened up once the pellets inside (think bean bag pellets) touched the water.
It comes with an attached hook to hang dry it.That being said...I found it impossible to thoroughly dry and clean.
It always had a musty/mildewy smell that I could never get rid of.
I live in Colorado, so I can't imagine what it would be like in a humid area.
Nothing really got rid of the smell.
Maybe someone else figured out a way to clean this thing, but after a few weeks I was afraid my sensitive skinned baby was laying on a bath that was encasing mold, so we stopped using it.
But if you can find a way to clean it, it's a really easy bath to useHonestly, we never took this out of the package and I ended up selling it for much less than I paid.
We had bought it thinking it would be another fun gadget, but actually having it in our home made us realize how big and bulky this was.
It's filled with those styrofaom type bead things so it would definitely need to be aired out and dried between every bath but I still think it'd accumulate mold/mildew relatively quickThis tub is great, not sure why people had to give it bad reviews.
She is 9 months old now and we'll likely be using it for another couple of months until she is more stable in the tub.
It does take awhile to dry out though so we blow a fan on it at night to prevent it from getting moldy in the bathroomI can't take a point off for its bulkiness since it's not a hidden attribute.
However, it is a nice bathing unit for my little guy, now that he sits up in the tubby.
I like that it offers a cushy support should he tip overThis tub is great!
Soft material.
Air dries quickly when hung up.
Arrived fast, too- 3 days after placing orderSo I like this product overall but I do have one problem with it and its kind of a big one.
If you forget to hang it up to dry after bath time...
It has only happened a couple times but now I feel like the dirty smell came from mildew settling into the bath stuffing and so it must be ruined inside, i just cant see it....
Threw it away and went with a blow up bath I can see, clean, and sanitizeMy son is about 15lbs and just over 25 inches.
It supports his head and neck if he wants to lay back.
My little guy loves it.
Hangs to dry right on the bar in the tub.
No mildew smell so far.
We've been using it for 2 monthsThis is a great tub when they grow out of the infant tub but can't quite sit well enough for the large tub reliably.
I am about to retire it because he wants to be in the large tub now but it served it's purpose well and was worth the price.
He loves playing with it to hear the bean bag sounds and loves that Leachco tag on the side.We hung it to dry in the shower nightly and never noticed any mildew/mold and it dried quickly.
The only downside of this vs an inflatable is that when he pooped in the tub once it was difficult to clean out.
That was the only time I wasn't happyThe picture for this product is deceiving.
I is actually a cheap feeling scratchy and abrasive type material.
Its too bad because its a great size and constructed well.
I was very disappointed that I couldn't use itBest tub for newborn/infant bath time hands down!!!
Wished I would have found this tub before I purchased one of those hard cold plastic tubs for my newborn.
My 4month old outgrew the hard plastic tub by the time he was 3 months old and my husband and I really didn't find it safe for him anymore as he slid under the water twice with one of his Shamu-like back arches, rubbed the skin off of his pinky toe because the tub was too short, and banged his head on either side of the tub countless times with all the flopping around he was doing during his bath, which is more like play time to him.
The first time we used the tub my 4month old fell asleep in it.
The fact that I can bathe him by myself in the big boy tub and only have one hand on him the whole time rather than both is spectacular since we humans generally only have two hands.
Once out of the tub you just drain the water from the big tub, squeeze out as much water from the cushioned tub and hang it up to dry in a well ventilated area.
We just hang it from the shower head to drip dry and if needed I transfer it to one of the chairs in our kitchen which is under a ceiling fan to ensure it is completely dry to prevent any mold or mildew growth between baths.
This tub makes bathing a slippery and wiggly infant so much easier and safer especially during shampooing and rinsing which I dreaded in his old plastic tub.
The plastic tubs and the so called newborn slings are horrible compared to the cushion and ease of use this particular tub provides during bath time.
Just place the upside down tub on the countertop, lay your child in the bottom cushioned area, and bathe away.
The plastic bump in the middle was very inconveniently placed and made bath time difficult for me and uncomfortable for my son.
I order this tub to replace it and with I had gotten this tub first!
He can't sit up by himself yet but the walls are tall enough that he can prop himself up against them, or he can lounge and use the edges as a sort of pillow.
After bath time is over this hangs with a very sturdy hook to dry.
I find that it actually dries fairly quickly.
Others have also complained about having to fill the whole tub in order to use this which it true.
It is fabric and will not hold water on it's own but I don't find that to be a problem.
Overall it is definitely better than those hard plastic tubes and worth a shotI wish I would've read the reviews more carefully that this thing doesn't hold water!
You ahve to fill the whole tub with water and then the water that comes into the tub is used.
It's got weird styrofoam pieces inside that make it safe for baby in case he falls over but it totally sucks that you have to waste so much water at bath time!
What a horrible invention.
We have a smaller, newborn version of a Leachco bath product that looks the same so I knew what we were getting (it is only for a recline and now that our LO is 7.5 months old I wanted something she could sit in.
)Concerns voiced by others:Other people have said they were upset because it is not very tall.
However, as I'm not looking for something to completely hold my baby up, just be there as a small support, this was not an issue for me.
Our little girl is small and I actually kind of like that this does not go all the way to her head.Also, others said they didn't like that they had to fill the bathtub up because this doesn't hold water on it's own.
I didn't find that a problem and since I don't need much water, it really didn't bother me.I like that it's not too big and that it's soft for our baby to sit against.
Inside are beans of some kind to hold it down.As we've only used it once, I can't say anything for how long it will last, but I really like it and so does our little girl.
I was concerned about having her sit in the tub but with this I don't worry.
It was sent back after realizing it was soon to become a moldy mess.
For him, we had the Fisher Price Whale tub and he was always sliding to one side or another, which was nerve wracking.
It got a little smelly despite rinsing and air drying every use.
But it had served its purpose before becoming unusable.
It's a bit of work to wring the water out, and you never get it all out.
It's large enough that even my 99th percentile for height and weight 6 month old can fit with no problems.
i wouldn't dream of using anything else.
since the umbilical cord fell off, my baby has been using this in our adult bathtub.
he enjoys feeling like hes taking a bath even though the water level doesn't come past the point of the mat.
Other than that it was a big helpI read a lot of reviews about this thing and took to heart the complaints of mildew, etc.
But decided I'd try it anyway.
I have had this thing months now.
I'm lazy and hang the thing in the shower itself to dry.
My experience with the big, bulky, plastic tubs is that infants tend to slide down while bathing them.
Thus forcing you to have 4 hands instead of 2.
I just drain it, then throw it in the washer.
My only complaint is that when you wash it, the foam filling does become a little distorted.
He now splashes, kicks, and plays and never gets afraid of the tub.
Just hang it up and it drips dries fast for no mess or mold.
Forget the old hard plastic tubs that are slippery!
A big drawback is that only part of him is in the water during a bath, so by the end of the bath he seems a little cold.
We don't have a place to hang dry the bather, so I lift it out of the tub and let all of the water run out.
When it stops dripping, I prop it up inside the tub so it can continue to dry.
I've never noticed mildew, but it just makes sense to me to rinse it out with vinegarEveryone warned us how difficult it would be to bathe baby...how wrong they were.
From day one home from the hospital, our boy has enjoyed his time in the bath, and it's because he is so comfy on this pillow.
Who would want to sit in a hard molded plastic thing when you can sit on a pillowI don't get all the good reviews of this product.
I really don't like it.
It's too big to fit comfortably in my standard size sink,and doesn't keep babies head inclined and out of the water in the tub.
i did not give it 5 stars because after three months of using it, it changes its formMy newborn screamed through his baths until we ordered this and began to use it.
Now he LOVES the bath!
No complaints.
We had previously been given a larger bathtub at our baby shower, but our baby was premature and the tub was WAY too big for her.
This tub fits her perfectly, supporting her upright and will work for months to comeThe tub I purchased was a complete waste of money.
This was a lifesaver for when my boy couldn't sit up safely on his own.
It just needs to be rinsed out well and hung to dry in a well ventilated area to avoid it getting moldyI have 3 boys, aged 4 and under, and it feels like I've tried every bathtub/ring/cushion on the market!
This is, by far, the absolute BEST bathtime product for babies aged newborn on up.
Even now that he's not content to lie still in the bathtub, the Safer Bather makes a comfy and slip-proof place for him to sit while he's being bathed (when he sits still, that is ;-) ).I'd HIGHLY recommend this over one of the uncomfortable, hard plastic infant tubs.
Neither of my older 2 kids liked baths until they could sit up in the tub.
If only I had used the Safer Bather soonerWhen I brought my little guy home I had a mesch infant chair for his bath to use in the sink.
He cried at every bath because he was cold.
You do have to have a good place to hang it to dry because try as I might I can't squeeze enough water out of it to keep it from dripping while it dries but it comes with a hook that fits over the shower head so it's not much of a problemThe reason for the 1 star is because baby is not due until Dec 1 2013, and it has not been used.
It fits in my kitchen sink and allows baby's head to stay propped up.
For my daughter I put it in an infant sized tub where it fit beautifully.3.
Baby's head doesn't flop side to side in it.4.
Even if u wash it the mold doesnt go away.It also annoyingly soaks all the water.I wont recommendThis little bathtub is GREAT.
One thing that added a little extra is it comes with its own (detachable) clothes hanger, making it easy to hang dry.This also makes a great back rest for momma's bath timeAfter my 3 month old decided she no longer liked the standard plastic infant bath tub, I was desperate to find another solution so that we could resume tear-free tubby time.
I also ordered the Summer Infant Comfy Bath Sponge to try out both options, but I really like the Leachco better.
(I put it in the washing machine per the instructions and it turned out fine.)
Sadly, it did not fit in my sink.
It is angled just enough so that his or her bottom half can be in a good amount of water (no one wants a cold, unhappy baby in the bath).
Also, when you have the baby sit up to wash his hair and back his bum stays in place and he doesn't slide around, which makes bathing such a challenge otherwise.The only negative thing I would say about it (and I don't even really think it's negative) is that after about 1 1/2 years of use, including washing it periodically, it lost some of its shape and wasn't as "fluffy."
That's why we ended up buying a second one, but honestly for the price and use we got out of it, I couldn't complain about it.
If you forget it's not a big deal to throw it in the washer.
We washed it periodically anyways, just to keep it fresh.I 100% recommend this productI bought this for my 2.5 month old who out grew his infant bath tub.
I always make sure I lean it up against the edge of the tub to drain the water from the mat.
It does come with a hook to hang it but I'm not sure where they expect you to hang it from with it being so heavy.
I've never had a problem with mold or mildew.
Now that my son's gotten bigger, his heels can hit the bottom of the tub, though he appears to enjoy this.
I do not have to worry about my little one slipping around during baths, I would recommend this product to anyoneThis is the best thing I've found in a long time.
I tried one of those cheap sponge things from [a store], and it just mildewed and was disgusting after a VERY short period of time.
I went to babiesrus which is where I should have gone in the FIRST place and there this was.
The last one too!
Boy, I just don't know what I would have done without it.
I try to buy one for every baby shower now but they usually run out at babies rus!
My daughter is 1 month and does not fuss at all during bathtime.
It is like a little raft in the tub.
I do agree it is a bit difficult to wring out but like others said if you hang it up it dries by the next morningthe bath pad is fine - seems comfy for my little guy and keeps him elevated.
but beware - do not hang it to dry until you squeeze out some of the water.
i did not do this and the cloth that wraps around the hook ripped a bit.
but it is fine to hang once some of the water is squeezed outI purchased the Leachco Safer Bather for my daughter when she was expecting her first child.
That solved the problem and made the pad sit securely on the counter surface.However, I did not rate this item as five stars for the following reasons.
I would suggest the manufacturer rethink the fabric on the covering and do something that would prevent immediate staining or provide instructions for removing stains.
A non-pilling fabric would also be much better.The third reason that I did not rate this as five stars is that I believe it has a very limited useful life.
In the bathing pad, if the child tips over, they could quite possibly hit their head on the side or bottom of the bathtub.I also have concerns that the bath pad may slip when placed in a tub.
The instructions say to soak it, but there are no suction pads on the bottom so that it can adhere to the tub's surface.
However, I would definitely recommend exploring the various inflatible tubs that are available since they will have a longer useful life and seem to be more secureI got this sponge bath thing hoping to replace the bulky hard blue bathtub but turns out that this thing is just awkward for newborns.
I used it with my newborn (less than a month old) and the water got cold ultra fast, the sponge took forever to dry, was heavy and the incline was weird for my newborn.
I think I will try it again when he gets a little older but for little tiny babies,....not so much.
It's sitting in storageMy infant loves lounging for his bath!
This leight-weight bath pillow is perfect for baths in the kitchen sink or inside another tub.
There is a little sunken-in area for his little bottom and he LOVES to sit in it and splash around while we bathe him.
After the bath, we simply give it a squeeze and hang it in the shower to drip-dry overnight.
It can be machine washed but will pill-up if it goes through the dryer.
)This is a FANTASTIC product to bring while traveling - it's allowed us to give him his bath while on vacation or at grandma's house.I HIGHLY recommend this productI have used this product nearly every other day for over three months and it works well.
I have not had a problem with it smelling or becoming moldy and I live in a very hot and humid climate.
My only complaint is that I wish the part for my child's head was elevated a little more so water would not get in her ears.
I could put less water in the tub but then she gets too cold too quicklyWhen my daughter was first born we bought a bath sponge in the shape of a bear that was about 2 inches thick.
But once we moved her into a big bathtub we realized we needed something more.This bath pillow elevates the head of the baby while giving her a lot of support throughout the body.
You can posistion it at the end of your tub so she is on an incline as well.I liked that this pillow grows with your baby and will be good at helping an older baby sit in the bath better making bath time more enjoyable.It has a hanger that is attached so you just hang it to let it dry.
And the auquarium print on it is gender neutralI just bought this because my daughter is getting too big for her plastic tub.
Dries quickly.
Highly recommendI liked using this for my premiee baby girl once she grew out of her NICU bath at home but after a few months use it gave her a rash on her back.
I would not reccomend this productGreat if you plan to bathe your baby in the regular tub (or a big portable tub, although I haven't managed to find one that fits), but be warned : the fabric isn't soft at all !
I just plop this thing down in the bathtub and that's it.
I ended up bending a wire clothes hanger and using that as a hook to hang it up in the shower in order to let it drip dry.
Love itFollow the instructions to the letter - this product will still smell bad after a few uses.
I've gone through 3 bathing things so far - and this is my least favorite.
First, it doesn't have much elevation for newborns.
Second, it gets heavy once it's wet and flattens.Alternate product recommendation - Sure Comfort Tub by The First Years.... now THAT is a good baby bathtubI received this as a shower gift.
I squeezed this foam bathing pad out after every bath and hung it to air dry each time, using it once a week for my newborn.
It was so disappointing when it started to stink of mildew after only four baths!
Worth the extra costI ordered this because I don't have a lot of storage space and thought this bath would be easier to store than a big plastic tub.
It arrived sealed in plastic but when I attempted to use it for the first time black dirt seeped out.
I have attempted to wash it 3 times through the washing machine and still get black dirtOur baby kept pooping in it, and it's hard to clean out when that happens.
Our little guy preferred this over the standard plastic baby tub.
No hard plastic poking him.
Bath time became much more enjoyable once we started using this!Our little guy is 4 months old now and really stretches over the bottom so I think we'll only be able to use this another month or so.
I purchased the safer bather and sat in the bath tub with her... she loved it!
She seemed so much more comfortable than in the hard plastic bathtub, and much more stable as well.
But, we still have the safer bather for our baths togetherWe got this bath pad for our 3 month old and initially loved it, as he sat there so comfortably while we washed him, but within even the first month he started getting a horrible rash on his back due to contact with the bath pad.
To avoid buying another pad we have attempted to use wet towels over the pad so that his skin does not come in direct contact with the infected pad, but unfortunately this does not appear to be enough.
Our baby is now six months and has an ongoing and painful looking rash on his back where it has been touching the bath pad.BOTTOM LINE: If you plan to buy 10 pads (for $250??)
The only things that bother me are the way hairs get trapped in the material (usually mine) and how the material has gotten stretched out at the top from the weight of the water as it's being hung up to dry.
One holding baby's head up so water won't get into baby's ears, and the other person give the actual bath to the baby.-The mildew smell(I try to hang it dry over night in the bathroom cause it soaks lots of water and keep dripping.
Than remove to somewhere under the sunlight during the day time, to get it complete dry out for next bath.
However, without drying under the sunlight(when its cloudy day....it has mildew smell)After 3 month usage, the spongy getting flat...and the whole thing keeps sinking(the head part used to be higher...but now about 2 inches flatter)...my husband now has to hold the baby's head plus holding up the hook towards outside the sink... it's totally useless now and I'll have to buy something elseI much prefer the old-school baby sponges for baths but could not find any.I worry about this harboring bacteria, mold, etc as it is hard to wash and dry.
Overall, I wouldn't buy it againIf you are a soon-to-be parent who is as nervous about bathing your newborn as I was, this is for you!
It kept my baby comfortable long enough to get her clean.
I found that when I tried to use it in the kitchen sink it soaked up A LOT of water and had to be washed to prevent mildew.
Although it is machine washable, it does get those fuzzy little pills of cloth attached to it, which are a pain to pull off.
If you are looking for a great bathtub for your infant check out the EuroBath, which I couldn't recommend more highlyThis was really not what I expected.
I have it away rather than returning it.
I wanted something that would deflate and take up little space.
I was also concerned about mold build up in a sponge this big.
i wouldn't go with any other tub.
safest tub you can buy.it does hold a lot of water, but as long as you hang it to dry, it is fine.
Way better than a sponge bath tub that falls apart and mildews or a cold, slippery plastic tub.
We never used the tiny plastic tubs, but just bathed our little one on this cushy bath pad in our regular tub.
It has a hook to hang it to dry which is also handy.
Great productLove this products.
Baby tubs are so silly, overpriced and dont use them very long.
I will never by a baby bath tub again.
The plastic arm kept collapsing, dumping my week old baby in the water, even though I had a hand on him at all times.
It wouldn't stay up.
It sits directly on the bottom of the tub & I only run enough warm water to submerge his bottom & legs.
He likes it much better & doesn't cry now when it's bath time (He's 13 weeks old now).
It does get a mildew smell if it doesn't dry properly, but that's solved by washing it every week or so on gentle cycle.
Once he's able to sit up, I'll go back to the infant tub (without the insert).
And this product meant to go in a tub not a sink, unless you have a large sink.
I use it in large sink and now tub.
This one must be hung inside the tub for a while before you can do anything with it because it is sooo wet.
no matter where or how soon I hung it up to dry.
plus immediately after the bath it's a huge pillow soaked with water, so it's heavy and not too convenient.
we also lived in a super SMALL house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it.
don't waste the money, you'll end up buying something else anywayIt soaks up so much water and takes to long to dry.
Not really what I was expecting or looking for.
We have used it both in the sink and the bathtub.
Due to the size you do need a larger sink.
It does absorb water during the bath which must be drained out of it but it is so comfy and there is nothing hard or slippery which was important to me because wet babies are slippery enough.
I also like that you could use this to give a sponge bath before the cord falls off.
Lastly, I love that it is made in AmericaWith a newborn it is very hard to give a bath in one of those plastic tubs or the sink because I had to try and hold his head for him and somehow really get in between all of his folds.
(I have washed it several times and always hang it dry after the bath----but it does seem to have a mildew smell after a couple baths.)
I'm thinking of putting it in the sun to help.
When we received this, bathing became enjoyable instead of a nervous event.
We place the bather in the infant tub on our bed for easier bathing.
I have thrown the bather in the washer a few times too with no problems.
It did develop a mildew smell after awhile but a soak in diluted vinegar in the baby's tub for a couple of hours kills all the smell.
Great productI was startled when I pulled this out of the box because it was so much bigger than I thought it would be.
I saw the pictures other people posted of their babies using this in the sink, and figured I could do the same.
I was completely wrong -- it's way too big for that.
I guess some people have really huge sinks!
So I was initially disappointed that I had to use this in the tub with a 2-wk-old baby -- but I loved it almost as soon as I tried it.
But the directions on the tag clearly tell you how to wash it, if it does start to smell.
Now that my daughter's bigger and her feet reach past the bottom, she loves kicking her feet in the water.
I think I'm going to start gifting these to pregnant friendsI used the Safer Bather until my baby was about 5 or 6 months old, but I set it inside a larger inflatable baby bath tub (Munchkin inflatable bath duck I bought at a local drug store).
It worked fairly well putting it inside a bigger baby tub.
We thought it looked more comfortable for him than any of the hard plastic baby baths we tried.UPDATE: After using it for only a month or so, it has flattened out considerably and doesn't really do anything aside from provide just the smallest amount of padding.
SO much better...
There are links to similar ones hereSummer Infant Mother's Touch Deluxe Baby Bather, Blueand hereSummer Infant Mother's Touch Large Comfort Bather, Bubble FishI used this to wash my baby in the sink until she was about three months old and no longer fit.
With this, he could lie down comfortably while I clean him up, I don't have to worry about him slipping around.
The hanger is very convenient, i just hang the whole thing to dry and it's ready for the next useThis is the perfect bath for an infant.
I love fact that it's soft instead of hard plastic which allows is to soak up warm water fast and is comfy for baby.It dries out very quickly and doesn't mildewThis was one of those &quot;I've got to have it&quot; items that was on my registry.
It does work well at cushioning, but I found that my son wasn't immersed enough in the water and would start to get cold as did the water that collected on top of the cushion.I also got the Evenflo Infant to Toddler bath that has the built in (removable) inclined, cushioned insert that worked quite well instead.
With the insert removed, the cushion made a perfect fit, I just found that I preferred the bathtub insert moreAfter reading all the great reviews I decided this would be perfect for my son who has just grown out of his newborn tub and does not like the baby bath seat I got him.
I was not disappointed.
I gave him a bath in it for the first time tonight and it was so much easier to bathe him than in a newborn tub.
We bathe every night and hang it in the tub in between to dry - which it does!
It gives him a cushy padding that makes his bath more pleasurable.
You can use it in a tub or sink, but the other infant tub works best for meAt first I had purchased one of those plastic tubs thinking that is what everyone else gets, so I must need it.
Then I started thinking... how long am I going to need it for?
and after that where in the world am I going to store this huge plastic tub??
I'm sooo glad that I returned that huge plastic tub.
It fit in our kitchen sink perfectly and when our little one grew out of the sink we used the pad in the bath tub.
It never got a "moldy" smell like other reviews have said - maybe they didn't have enough air circulation around it?
The only thing I don't like is that after using it so much the fabric has sort of stretched out a bit from hanging (it's heavy with the water in it).
My friends are wondering why they got this huge plastic tub they only used for a few monthsI had used a foam pillow for my son so when I saw this I was thrilled.
Its to heavy.
So once you are done bathing baby, this will not lift out of the tub and if you want to take a bath with your baby this wont allow for fluid movement in the tub.
When you hang this to dry, it feels like a ton of bricks.
It is also a very scratchy material.
Once this gets wet, water gets around babies head.
Also, when added to tub of water, the water soaks into the material but doesnt stay warm.
Baby is left on top very cold.
You can not submerge this in the water even a little, bcs if you do, her head will get wet (no elevation) and it floats upward as well.
I can set it on the vanity next to the bathroom sink and get all the business done quickly and comfortably.
I &#9829; this thingthis product is exactly what it says it is.
I got the first years infant to toddler and that is way more versitle and I wish I got that from the beginning.overall-- i personally would not buy this again and instead would get the infant to toddler tub (one that has a sling for the infant).
this is a waste of space as I hardly used it and my son did not prefer itIt served its purpose, but there are better bath pads out there.
I always worried about it mildewing so I threw it awayThis is very thin.
I wanted something that I could bathe my new baby on next to my three-year-old in the tub.
The only thing that I didn't like as much was when she got to be about 4.5-5 months she would slip down and I would have to keep re-positioning her.
But that didn't bother me too much.
It is of good quality, and is a good price compared to items of similar nature that are non themed.
Although, their price are not as competitive with similar items.
I periodically put it in the clothes washer for a good cleaning.
I never had a problem with the mildew smell as one person commented.
I also used this in the sink.
This really is a great product.
So far as tubs go, I tried putting my infant in a tub with a sling, and the sling was too narrow and didn't give enough.
And they hold the babies so high out of the water, they get cold quick.
It was so stiff, I felt like he was going to fall off of it.
Find a tub that doesn't have a stopper or one that is removable.
If you have this bath pillow, you don't need a sling or a stopper, so you can get a tub with less going on in it, and use it longerThis bath pad is perfect for bathing a newborn.
It dries easily and is convenient to store (there's a hook for you to hang the bath pad).
It is thick and soft and feels comfy.
I did put this in the washing machine, which I shouldn't have because after that one time machine wash, it started showing wear as if the bath pad has been used for a long timeBefore I bought this, I read the reviews and saw that some people had mold issues.
I made sure that I wrung it out each and every time, hanging to dry.
I ordered another one - but after just a week or so, the mold started.
My now 4 month old daughter has just outgrown her infant tub, and since she doesn't have her own bathroom yet, I wanted to get something that was easy to store.
This was our answer!
If it becomes a problem, I will update this review!Update:Well I have been using this product for about two months now and it DOES have mildew!
(Reduced to 3 stars) It is not stink however, but the mildew is very obvious!
I have washed it weekly and dried it after every bath but still mildew!
I imagine it could get moldy if left in a damp environment, but ours never did, and we used it for more than a year.
However, we wrung it out as much as possible after use, and hung it from the shower head, so it could drip dry and had air circulationWhat a fantastic product!
My little Luca is 10 months old and I still use it!
From the day I took him home from the hospital I have used this wonderful product!The outer fabric is cheerful and bright!
It even gets you passed the stage where your baby can't really sit up but wants to.
I found that my little guy was happy to recline even on the "boat" side!Clean up is a snap but you MUST maintain this to keep it fresh.
I keep mine on the shower head or shampoo rack!
This product just drips dry.I have been using mine daily for the past 11 months and mine does not smell or have mold.
My little guy nestles nicely into it and I don't have to worry about him sliding around on it.
You really do have to be diligent about drying it and letting all of the surfaces to be exposed to air otherwise it will mold but it can be thrown in the washing machine tooThe product is great.
This light weight bather, comes with a handle to hang and dry after use.
He has been a very long baby since birth and quickly grew out of the new born sling.
If you put too much water in the tub it will float up.
Does not smell and has not molded.
Hubby put a hook high on the shower wall to hang to dry.
Perfect for long legged babysThe safer bather is the BEST baby bath aid out there!
What else could you ask for?
I don't know how anyone could choose one of those big, clunky tubs over this.
So I ordered it... We were in a plastic tub...
The first day we got it was bath night.
It didn't really take that long we had some "playtime/singing time" in there too.. Anyways, I LOVE this product.
It isn't the cutest thing but it works wonders.
If you are trying to use a big plastic tub or are on a one inch thin bath sponge, make the switch, it is completely worth itIt doesn't float and it doesn't stay submerged.
Really wet and heavy too so it's kind of a pain to useThis is an amazing product.
I used this product until my baby was able to sit up.
I have another one on the way, and am going to use this all over again with her.
A must have; I highly recommendAfter moving out of the baby bath into the big boy tub, this cushion (plus a no slip mat) made bath time much less stressful.
Better than the big hard tubs.
Just what we were looking for.
Not necessarily mold resistantI went on reviews when I bought this and it is so easy to use, better than any plastic tub out there.
I have a 3 month old and have basically used the plastic tub a total of 3 times.
The big tub is just so much easier and nicer and there isn't any preparation, everything is there, it's easy to fill and drain and always worked well with my first child.
My husband can even bath him and he looks really comfy in it.
He lies snugly on it while I soap him up and don't have to worry about a slippery baby falling out my hands or hitting himself against the tub.
Once he was sitting on his own we would simply have him sit on it.
He looked so uncomfortable in it (plus it was difficult to get him in and out of it).
We never had a problem with mildew or smells.
We washed it a few different ways...sometimes in the washing machine and sometimes by simply adding Oxyclean to the bathtub and letting it sit in the solutionThis was just the special and helpful gift I was looking for.
Very soft with a convenient hang-up hook so it can dry.
First, it is very hard to lift to wring out after the bath.
The water it soaks up makes it very heavy.
For the longest time I couldn't figure out why my son screamed every time I laid him on the Safer Bather, and then one day I felt the cold water coming up out of it as I was bathing him.
I switched to the Sure Comfort newborn to toddler tub and he likes it so much better.
I gave birth to my daughter in January and have been using this product since day 1.
Our daughter is 14 lbs 3 oz and 26 inches long and she is just as comfortable as day 1 on this bath pillow.
We have never had any problems with Mildew and I have washed in the machine on delicate cycle with no problems.
The bathtub does get heavy when it is full of water, however, if you let the water drain from the tub 1st and then hang the Safer Bather in the shower (with its included hanger) it drains and dries very nicely.I highly recommend this product, it is so worth itFinally I can bathe my son alone without waiting for my husband to come home to help me.
A quick rinse under the faucet, and hang the Bath Pad by its hook over a laundry sink or on a shower head and it's clean and dry for tomorrow's bathtimeI used this for until my baby could sit up in the regular bathtub on her own.
I was trying to avoid buying a bunch of bulky baby items that would require storing between baby births.
It is so light weight and small so it's easy to store away until our next baby needs it.
It worked great for just laying in our regular bathtub and you can just hang it on the shower head to dry.
It comes with a hook to hang it up.
I struggled for 2.5 months with the sponge then the infant tub, sling on and sling off.
How frustrating they all were.
This product has been great.
It dries pretty quickly.
Within a few hours I can move it to the closet so it doesn't interfere with my shower spaceI got this as a shower gift and I don't know what I'd do without it.
The only minor problem is the water goes through, but I put a big towel underneath it so it cathes the water.
I haven't had any problems with mildew and it is machine washable.
Excellent productThose big plastic tubs took up my whole bathroom and were hard to store.
I LOVE this bath mat.
It is so easy to use and store.
When you are done with the bath, just squeeze the water out and hang it on the shower head to dry.
The first couple of baths that I gave my newborn (now 2.5 month old) were in the plastic Primo Eurotub.
It seemed so hard and cold and it was really impossible to hold my very active little one steady in the tub while bathing him.
This bath sponge tub is great.
She loves to kick and splash with her feet while in the other tubs she would squirm and start to cry.If the sponge tub starts to smell after awhile (mine did after 3 months) try to put it in the washer and then hang it in a well ventillated area.
That is why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 - it did smell alittle mildewy recently but now after being washed it is fine.Lets just say the other three tubs are going in the lawn sale this summerThe Safer Bather has not held up the way I expected it to.
I've been bathing my five month old daughter in it in the big bath tub for about a month now because she outgrew her infant tub, and I have to admit, based on the other reviews, I thought it would be a much better product.
I just washed it today and it's all bent out of shape and feels as if the foam inside has ripped on one side, and there are now a bunch of "pills" all over it.
I gave it 3 stars because I never encountered any musty smell at all, and it is better than nothing.
I would simply rinse, wring and hang it after each use.
I'm disappointed with this product and glad I did not purchase it with my own money - I used a gift card.
Hope this helpsWe originally got aPRI EuroBath, Pearl Whitebut quickly realized it would take up about half of our small apartment bathroom.
I use it in our tub (we don't have a large enough kitchen sink) and have done so since our son was born.
I think we will probably stop using it as soon as he can sit up on his own.Provides nice support for your baby, and keeps baby's head slightly elevated and out of the water.
Also easy to just hang in the bath to dry.Great product!
It's flat and goes on the bottom of the tub.
I don't like it- maybe it works for other but not meI'll preface this by saying that I'm sure that every child has individual preferences in these things, so your experience may vary.
That said, none of the purported benefits of this plate and spoons provided any advantage to my son.
He prefers metal silverware (the spoons are narrower and easier to fit into a little mouth) and a smaller plate (less chasing food around).
So while these are perfectly adequate, I wouldn't buy them again, especially not at the infamously high BabyBjorn prices.Also, please note that the large base for this plate may not fit onto smaller high chair trays (such as our keekaroo).
I really like the fact that it's big enough for little hands to fit in it.
I can put cooked veggies that tend to be slippery, in it and my 9 month old can actually pick up the food (as opposed to it sliding around not ever being picked up).
I was disappointed that on the first time trying it, my child tipped it over and the food went everywhere.
Other than that, so far it's goodThis bowl is cute and difficult for my daughter to lift and throw.
However, if your high chair has a smaller tray, this bowl will not fit.
Here is what they said:"BABYBJ&Ouml;RN and Plastic Safety: When it comes to the material used in the production of our products, we put significant effort into finding materials that meet our high standards of quality and safety.
To guarantee the safety of our plastic products, all BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Kitchen and Bathroom products are tested by Specialized Technology Resources (STR), an independent global provider of quality assurance testing.
All plastics used in the production of our Kitchen products fulfill the demands of the European (EEC),and the American (FDA) Standard for plastics, and are classified as food-safe.
Through testing, all of our Kitchen products have been designated PVC-free, phthalates-free and lead-free.
Recent studies by health organizations such as the National Institute of Health have raised concerns about the safety ofBisphenol-A (BPA) in plastic products.
Polycarbonate plastic is not used in the production of any BABYBJ&Ouml;RN baby products and all BABYBJ&Ouml;RN products with a plastic component are BPA-free.
More specifically, the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN plate is made of ABS (Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene) plastic which is certified BPAfree.
I like that this one is NOT made in China, like so many things tend to beSpoon is too big for my son's mouth (he's 11mo old), and the look of the plate makes me feel like I'm feeding my son out of the dog bowlIf you have a little one who likes to pick up his or her plate and drop it on the floor this plate is not for you.
The plate can be easily picked up.
Plus the plate is too large and fits awkwardly on our highchair (we have a boon high chair that we love love!)
My son has more success and less mess with these spoons more than any other kind...for one thing the spoon bowl is quite rounded (compared to some spoons that are only slightly rounded or even flat) which is helpful as the child raises the spoon to the mouth the spoon may be tipped this way or that and the rounded bowl of the spoon helps to keep the contents on the spoon instead of falling back onto the plate.
Plus the shape of spoon handle and texture of the materials makes the spoon easier to graspI'd give this a 5 if it fit on the tray on our highchair.
Spoons are well designed, fit in kids' hand.
Plate is difficult or impossible for child to lift/throw (we have never had that happenThe spoons are great for a toddler.
The plate is very much like a dog bowl.
Also the spoon is plastic so it has lots of bite marks.
If i were to do it all over again, i would just get the spoons.
They are orange now.
To be honest, you'll be fine with the munchkin metal and plastic set for $4.
I have those and toddler is fine with that, too.
Munchkin utensils fit into Boon lawn dish rack better.
They've held up well in the dishwasher and have survived being thrown on the tile floorThis plate and spoons set has been great for us.
Fortunately for us, our daughter so far does not pick up the place until it is empty, so we haven't had to deal with her throwing a full plate on the floor (yet).
But for twenty dollars give or take, it is wildly overpriced because what it does NOT do is stay put on the high chair tray.
My 12-month-old son has no problem picking it up and tossing it if he so desires.
The spoons that it comes with are easy to hold but a little wide for my son's mouth at this pointI went BabyBjorn crazy and bought a lot of their product line once my daughter was old enough to start using it.
This set comes with 2 spoons (black and pink) and 1 pink dish.
Not so.
I was very concerned about it being plastic but it is NOT #7 (hard plastic) and is free of BPA.
Hard plastic and #7 plastics are the ones we need to stay away from though all plastic is questionable.
This set is "ok" as she learns to eat from a bowl with a spoon, but then it's quickly on to a non plastic dish.
However since I can't find anything better I have used this plate for every meal and snack for the past couple weeks and I have to say overall I really like it.
Just an FYI don't cut anything in it with a sharp knife as it does make scratch marks.
THe design is cute as a button, and the material feels nice.
Sometimes it seemed like a permanent stain, and other times, it will scratch off with my finger nail when wet, but not budge in the dishwasher, scrub surface, soaking, nor sitting out in the sun.
I'm not excited about this at all....
The staining aspect that only comes off with my nail scratches, is a no noHe plays with the spoons all the time.
Very smart designI was hoping my 11mo would not pick up this plate but that was the first thing she did, and threw it on the ground :(That being said, the spoons are pretty much amazing.
However, if your high chair has a smaller tray, this bowl will not fitBaby loves the spoons and actually he plays with one while I feed him with the other one.The plate looks lovely but does not stay put which is a total disadvantageThis solved the problem of our baby picking up her dish and dumping the contents out.
Also, the color 'frame' has a rubber edge on the bottom, preventing it from slipping or being pushed around the table.
So happy, we ordered another oneI really like this plate.
It makes teaching using utensils a lot easier.
!These are a little pricy but I figured since it was something we would be using EVERYDAY, several times a day, it was worth getting something that worked great and would not wear out.Several people have complained that their child is able to pick these up & throw them and are dissapointed.
If your child is able to pick things up and throw them since this is not glued down, held by some magnetic force, etc.
Try teaching your child some manners, yes, even at 1 year old children can be taught not to do something.
If you are having trouble with your child throwing their plate then perhaps you should be looking for a book on teaching your child some manners instead of trying to fix the problem with a bowlI think it serves the purpose of a dish for a small child, however it's nothing special.
A little pricey but I think worth itMy 10 month old easily lifted this off his high chair tray.
Many other plastic bowls are melamine or contain BPAs and should not be microwaved.
For me, that was fine and even preferable, but if for some reason you're really excited about a black spoon with your pink bowl, bewareWhile the design looked promising, my 13 month old was easily able to pick this plate up off a flat surface and dump its contents everywhere.
The spoons are very ergonomic for a toddler, but the bowls of the spoons are a bit large for their small mouths.
The cloverleaf design does appear to assist her in getting food onto the spoon, rather than chasing it all over the plate.
Overall, I'd say this plate is nice but over-pricedI really like this mobile.
It is much better than the ones you can get that match your nursery set.
I have had some trouble with the remote working, but I don't use it that much so it's not that big of a problem.
It's part of our naptime routine and seems to really soothe her.
The remote control is so key, too!
Having interchangeable pieces is such an inovative idea, and it keeps our little Amy interested.
At night we put it on one rotation with the ocean sound and &quot;knock on wood&quot; she always falls asleep NO JOKE.
And the way the mobile pauses to let little eyes focus is just right.
The remote control works up to four feet, which is enough to activate it again from the bedroom door.
Yes, it is very difficult to get the battery in, but it is doable.
The lowest noise setting still seems to be to loud for the two music options, for my daughter to sleep.
Our six month old now has the animals on the mobile and uses the others as toy rattles.
After her naps we turn this on and she plays in her crib for 10 minutes or so.
Batteries lasted a while and even then the mobile worked but we changed the batteries because it stopped responding to the remote.
Remote works from across the room as long as it can hit the receiver.
And i like the remote, though i don't usually have to use it because it plays long enough for her to fall asleep.
As far as the reviewer who said it doesn't fit the crib, that is valid.
It doesn't fit the top rail of our crib, but we just put the mobile flat against the slats in the crib and screwed the other side through the slats.
I wasn't very impressed.
Our son is 3 years old and it doesn't seem appropriate to have him in a high chair or a booster that clips on the table.
But he is still too small to sit at the table in an adult chair.
It can folded and carried still inflated.-Very easy to wipe clean.CONS:-Awkward to set up in a restaurant, particularly having to reach underneath the chair to buckle the lower strap and to deflate with your knees.-UNSAFE: Depending on the chair back, the back strap may loosen when the child leans forward or to the side.-14 month old would lean to one side.Most First Years products are excellent, but this one needs some adjustment.
As is, it is unsafe.
I had to sit very close to my son to make sure he did not fall out.
We had to tie the back strap to in a knot to keep it from coming loose, then struggle with untying the knot when it was time to leave the restaurant.
You can pull the straps through the handle to make a shoulder strap.
My ten month old sits in it and eats fine, but his weight can easily shift.
I would not leave a child unattended for even a second in this booster, because I think they could be seriously hurt if they leaned over too far.
The patterned fabric on the seat looks better in person, but it doesn't really match the other blue/periwinkle fabric.
I followed the instructions to allow the seat to expand overnight, and after that it inflated and deflated easily.
:-)CONS:Hmm, I can't really think of one!
We traveled again at 18 months and after the first day I didn't bother with it at all and just let him sit at the table in a regular chair (he's tall for his age).
He was too wiggly and I was afraid he'd knock the whole chair over and hurt himself worse than if he just fell out of the chair.All that said, it does pack very compact and was great for travelling and maybe if I had been using it for a younger child I would have liked it betterWe got this seat for my 6 month old.
It's easy to blow up, and folds up small.
We take it on trips and attach it to any chair.
Extremely unsteady.
No matter where I installed it or how I installed it that chair could flip around with my daughter in it.
It actually did!2.
It doesn't fit well in every chair.
After constant use the chair doesn't stay inflated.Overall, don't waste your money on this booster seat!
Eventually they outgrew the Bumbos and I was either stuck holding them or had to drag my highchairs with me.Then a friend recommended these travel boosters when someone gave her one for Christmas.
I looked into them and decided to give them a try.
Maybe the size of a large, flat lunch box?
I leave them both in the car.They have a carry handle and are lightweight.It only took a few breaths to inflate the bottom portion of the seat and was just as easy to deflate when it was time to fold back up.It strapped to the chair easily and was quite stable.
It wasn't wobbley or anything.
The frame is not flimsy at all and the straps are nylon.The only two things I noticed:The seat is smaller than I thought it would be.
But it isn't, and doesn't, and took literally seconds to snap onto the gate.
No assembly requiredThis is just what we needed to get our gate to fit in our large doorway.
It fits fine into the gate and the quality seems to be good, specifically that it feels to be heavy dutyWe have a doorway between the front room and kitchen that must be a non-standard width, because the gate alone is a smidge too small, but when we added the extension, the whole unit wouldn't fit in the doorway.
So 5 stars for an easy install.Not much to say but it's most likely a must have product, because an average size hallway will need this extensionMy neighbor gave me 3 First Years Hands Free Gates that were from when her 5 year old daughter was young, but they needed the extensions, and I was worried I wouldn't be able to get them since the gates were older.
It is just what it states, an extension.
Did order the larger one and realized it was a tad too big.
The only issue we have come across is that the bottom bar on the gate and the extension bowed a little, we believe it is because of our shoe molding and the way our walls are, we fixed it by putting 2 little pieces of wood under the bottom bar and so far that has fixed our issue.
The gate fit our hallway before the extension but the supports were almost all the way extended so when we saw that the extension was only 15.00 we decided to give it a go.I do not know how we lived without it.
I is sooooooooooooooooo much sturdierI bought this because I wanted a carrier for short trips instead of always hauling a stroller.
My daughter screamed whenever she was in it or she made her body very stiff like she was scared beyond belief.
Spend your money on a better one.
We thought about buying the Baby Bjorn, but I think it's too expensive for a carrier that we won't use that much anyways.
I used it in supermarkets, the mall, and at home too, when my baby was fussy and wanted to cuddle all the time.
It does start hurting your back after a while(30-40 minutes or so), but it didn't bother me that much.
If you plan on hiking or wearing it for longer periods of time, you might want to look into a carrier with more padding(like the Euro Rider or Baby Bjorn).
I recomend itThis is my 4th carrier.
I got this one because I needed something that I could wear for extended periods with my baby facing out that would not restrict my movement too much.
I had no trouble figuring out how to use it.
It is a lot easier to get him in and out of than the the regular inward facing snugli.
I like that I didn't have to force my baby's feet into the holes, there is plenty of room for even big chunky thighs.
A lot of people have complained about how hard it was to get baby in and out, but I don't know what they are comparing it to.
My only complaint is that there is no waist strap, so I did feel a little strain in my back, and I felt a bit front heavy.
Aside from that I think this is a really great carrier for the price.
Again, we really liked it when our babies were small - if that's what you are looking for, this is the way to go... if you want to continue using the carrier past 3 months, I would suggest looking at the more expensive Baby Bjorn for comfortWe tried several different brands of these carriers before going with the Infantino.
I actually had my child with me in our huge &quot;convertible&quot; carrier, and saw a woman with her infant in the Infantino.
I was sold on sight.Plus side: the carrier is well suited for infants from birth until about 6 months.
They will not be lost in it, or too heavily restrained.
Most carriers pad the child, and then leave very thin, abrasive nylon straps to bite into your shoulders and sides.
You could pay a fortune for one of those fancy oversized Scandanavian carriers with all the buckles, but why?Minus side: Small size.
They don't make an identical but larger one, so the time factor is limited.
Baby feels really comfortable in it and falls asleep.
We noticed that when we take her for a walk in it she sleeps better that night.
You need two people to get her in it- that's the only downside.
We lived in an apartment complex on the second floor, so it was crazy to drag him and teh stroller down stairs.
When he turned 4 months old I had problems.
I was packing the car to go on a trip with him in it.
IT was TOO tight around his stomach that he spit up in teh back of our SUV.
Low spillageI decided to give it a try despite some of the bad reviews, figuring they could be just unlucky.
After trying these sippy cups a few times when my son was 6 month old, and again at 10 month old, I have to agree with these 1 star reviews... it's not your child, it's not the parent, it's the sippy cups problem:- Leaks no matter how many times I followed the instructions, re-read, assemble and disassemble.
So I brought another one (and did not put it in the sterilizer or washing machine) and it still leaks!!
I was wrong.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with Avent.
My Grandson, at 8 months, is completely off the bottle and is taking formula, juice, and water from his "sippy cup".
We are thrilledI would recommend these for short-term use only, buying them with the thought in mind that you will one day throw them away because they wear out quickly and leak.If you plan on nursing and using Avent bottles, this is a great way to "transition" your tot into using a cup or another version of sippy cup (I recommend Playtex once your child has mastered holding a larger sippy cup- PLAYTEX WILL NEVER LEAK!).
They don't offer them on Babies R Us online but the do have them in the store.
I took pictures of them leaking.
I will be uploading them into amazon's product picture page, we'll see if it's approved.
There is a hole at the base of the nozzle, right where it meets the colored plastic.
I don't know why the hole is there, but all of the cups have this design flaw.
Don't waste your money on these cups.
They are cute, but they leak and make a terrible mess.
Recently, I discovered that I could use the nipple and handle on regular Avent bottles that we already had.
I simply rinsed the nipple attachment and put it on the Avent bottles.
It also allowed us to bring along a few different drinks on trips and simply move the nipple/handle to the different drinks depending on what he wanted.I've not had a problem with leaking or losing parts...
I'm not sure why some would find them hard to take apart?
Leaking hasn't been an issue at all, in fact these were the only type I had that didn't leak.
Of course they have to be assembled right to not leak.
Our little guy will use any brand or spout type, but these are his favorite and nice on sore gums.I really recommend these cups despite the extra valve pieces (which I simply pop in the dishwasher in a basket).
You'll never have spills on your sofa or carpetThis is not a horrible product.
The BIGGEST drawback is that they are a real *pain* to clean.
Very difficult to clean by hand (take something else on vacation!)
There are just so many parts!Plus the handle and the ring thingie don't fit into our bottle washing dishwasher basket.Two stars.
You might want to try it for an older baby or toddler who is not adapting to other styles.
(A friend of mine speculates it has a lot to do with the cups, bottles, etc being pretty - I'm inclined to agree.
)In a way, these cups remind me of the nursery rhyme my mother would chide me with when I was younger, about the little girl with the little curl in the middle of her forehead.
There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them.
Avent bottles have the same leaky collar issue and if you call Avent they will tell you that you must have over-tightened the collar, that the collar is supposed to be tightened using the clear plastic over-cap, not touching the collar directly.
Who would think to do it that way?
Why would you put a cap on just to tighten the collar and then remove it?
But it's a moot point because any way I do it, loose or tight, collar or cap to tighten, sometimes they leak, sometimes they don't.All that is after you account for the fact that the larger cups only come with the harder green spouts, which are for toddlers.
This is OK, I suppose... but the white soft spouts just SEEM nicer, my kid seems to prefer them, and the green spouts are much harder to remove the valves from because they are so stiff!
So when I bought these cups I had to then spend extra money on the white spouts, and that is all we used - which may or may not account for my next problem.
I don't know if it strikes the green spouts or not.Over time, these cups stop working.
And maybe I'm just an idiot but it bothers me to throw away things that are perfectly OK, and it bothers me that you can't figure out just WHICH part of the cap/valve set has gone bad, you have to either replace all your caps and valves at once or end up playing sippy cup roulette having an odd mixing of new and old spouts/valves that may or may not work when you put them together.In short, this cups have nearly driven me insane.Oh, and my favorite, favorite part about these cups - NOT - is if you use them with the nipple, your kid can push the nipple down inside the cup and spill milk (or whatever) all over the place.
What a mess!These cups also hold sour milk smell worse than any other cup I have tried (and we've tried a lot) They pretty much have to be washed in the dishwasher or else repeatedly sterilized which can get annoying.
Of course this can be prevented by washing your cups immediately, every time, but let the mom who has never discovered a squirreled-away sippy full of homemade yogurt cast the first stone...I guess the biggest thing these cups offer over the competition is they have caps.
Most other sippies don't - actually I don't know of any that do.
No leaks, fewer parts, only one part to go bad...Avent... ugh.
We have never had them leak, mold, spouts push through or anything!
I suggest reading the directions before tossing these sippy cups in the trash.
I cannot get over how many parents assume that the Avent line is alot of "hype" just because they failed to read directions.As for the complaints about mold and sour milk...that's just gross.
I'm sure any other brand would get moldy and smelly if you left it in your trunk all summer...not Avent's fault!Anyway, as for the green spouts being stiffer than the white ones and more difficult to clean...OK, maybe for the first few times because they are new; but they WILL get more pliable.
I spoke to an Avent rep at the Baby Fair in Edison, NJ and she suggested buying new spouts every month or so (same for nipples with Avent bottles).
Something about the flatness of the nipple and the fact that it is soft, but not too soft and longer than most.
My little man drank out of it immediately.
Hopefully, before too long, he'll be getting his juice himself!
We had a little problem with the Avent bottles leaking, but so far, we haven't had a problem with this cup leaking.
I was a little cautious about that when I purchased this one.
I hate to clean and don't need any more cleaning jobs added.
My advice, try this cup.
It worked wonders for usFirst of all, this thing dries out wipes, even if you do add the 1/4 cup of water you're supposed to add every couple of days!
The little storage area is a nice idea, but it's rather flimsy and not very supportive.
Your best bet would be to get one of the wrap-around warmers, which have cute pastel designs on them and mold to the shape of the wipe tub.
These take up far less room and are much easier to clean, too.
The only reason why I didn't give the 5 starts, is because it have a really ugly diaper organizer (that didn't match with my daughter's pink room) and we couldn't take it out... and when we try we almost brake it, so is not very durable eitherOur wipe warmer has been on since we brought our son home November, 2003.
At those 3am winter morning feedings, this product was great.
I only rate it 4 stars because the diaper organizer was a waste, it does not hang well so I took it off immediately and stored the diapers in a wicker basket on a shelf of our changing table.
Also the wipes do get yellow at the bottom but we add water even though the instructions say not to.
Also the bottom few wipes always seem to get dry and brown so we waste a few wipes with each refill.
It's an OK product but if I wouldn't buy it againI bought this because of the wipe warmer, but it is terrible.
The unit is supposed to snap on top of the organizer, but mine kept sliding off.
I gave up after a few weeks and just took the unit off the organizer, and super-glued a regular wipe container on top of the organizer, that I just keep buying refills for.
They slide out easily and never seem to get stuck in the netting.
The little pockets on the side are handy for a tube of diaper rash ointment, etcI got this before my daughter was born.
I guess if you had one for each room it would be a good idea, but we live in a 2 story house and this was in her room.
I found, we changed her wherever she was when it was needed, so the warmer wasn't always handy.
I had my warmer plugged it for 1 month and through it out!
To much chemicals.
When we use unwarmed wipes my baby gets more upset at changes.
Now I remove the whole remaining stack and add new ones to the bottom.
Even if they are slightly brown, it just looks weird.
I like the Pamper's pop-up wipes but find it difficult to pull one out because they are inner-folded and stick together.
It works better with the Huggies wipes.The only other issue is that the lid collects condensed water and I am afraid of it leaving a puddle on our furniture.
I have 2, one upstairs and one down.
I place the wipes in a ziploc bag inside the warmer.
It may be a little laborious, but it really seems to help.
Once they dry a bit, I add some water.
Though it fits the edge snuggly, it doesn't take much to knock it off.
The diapers are contained with a zippered area.
I find it to be too much trouble to unzip it every time I need a diaper so I have just left it open, at which point, diapers end up scattered all over the floor.
Now the diapers sit on my end table for a quick reach.
The organizer isn't totally functionless, however, as I use it to store her extra burp rags.
All in all, I'm glad I have the product, I have just modified it to suit my needs, and my baby doesn't protest to diaper changes anymoreYes, it does dry up if you just leave the warmer on.
I pretty much gave up on that and just use it to store my baby wipes and the bottom section to put diapers.
The only bad thing about this is that the warmer stays on too long it dries up.
It doesnt take that long.
The front of the caddy is a zip-up net and inside you can fit about 15-20 diapers.
There are two pockets on each side that I use to keep small bottles of lotion, diaper cream, etc.
The warmer snaps onto the caddy so that it won't fall off the top easily.It also has a tendency to "cook" the bottom wipes and turn them dark yellow to brown.
It seems this is a problem with most warmers that warm from the bottom.The wipes have a tendency to dry out, but I think that is the case with most warmers.
I usually just add a bit of water every now and them to keep them from doing so (although this particular brand recommends against it, but my current one recommends TO DO it).I was disappointed to find out that there was no warranty when it quit working.
I spent the same amount of money on one at Wal-Mart and it has a 5 year warranty - long enough to at least get me through the diaper stage!Specifics: It is plug-in and not battery operated.
I think most units this size are plug-in.
I think that is the same for most thoughI loved this product at first and I know my daughter enjoyed it for the first two months.
After a while though, it began drying out too quickly and literally burning the wipes on the bottom.
The last thing you want to have to do is throw away 1/3 of your wipes because they are brown and dryThe good thing about this product is that it was cheap and it gets the job done.
My little one cries now when we are away from home and have to use cold wipes!
I almost died thinking about walking to the bathroom to wet a washcloth with a screaming baby for Every diaper change, but this product provided a simple solution...
I wet the washcloths and stored them in the warmer.
We are using wipes in it now.There are a few things I don't like.
There plastic things that are supposed to make it fit better on the side of the changing table.
They fall off and behind the changing table a lot which is annoying.
I have "solved" this by leaving the same wipes on the bottom all the time.This is a good product for the money, if you don't mind taking the bad with the goodWe bought this wipes warmer for our son's room and it was awful.
The wipes were always hard and brown at the bottom.
We wasted more money throwing ruined wipes away.
We've had that one for 8 months now and never had a problem with burnt wipes.
Don't waste your money or time buying this wipes warmer- it is cheap and you will regret itA friend recommended a wipe warmer after he got one for his 4th child.
So we've taken it back and our daughter doesn't seem to mind the room temperature wipes that clean her cute tushieIt warms your wipes great just when you get to the bottom they are dried out.
The diaper organizer works up to size 2 diapers.
I got it on sale at a great price so definitely worth the price.It is a bit bulky, luckily our apartment has an open layout so it tucks away against a wall, but it is not portable and you can't really store it.
I do move it room to room without any problem, even when he is in it, I just push it into the kitchen or family room and nothing falls apart (as another reviewer wroteI purchased this for my 8 month old son.
He really does like it and it seems to keep him occupied.
There is one major flaw.
He certainly can't do it on his own.
I believe if there were more rollers and they were larger the problem would be solved.
Took me about a half an hour to put together.
And the vibrating "start and shift" is hysterical.
Well, I thought I was done with it and sold it.
Now I am expecting a 3rd boy...back to my Buggy!
It kept my 2 older boys busy for hours.
I got one as a gift and it was smaller than the Jitter Bug and I had a hard time getting my son in and out of it.
OK, so this doesnt fold compact like the new saucers advertise to do, but I don't mind b/c I happen to like this type of entertainer much better, so that may be the one and only downside.
This is not just for a boy b/c it is a car...girls like cars too!
It really keeps her busy.
The age requirement states for 4 mos and up.
my son is in the 95th percentile for height and his feet still didn't touch the floor at 6 mos.
He also likes to jump in it and it does allow him to do this more than his other activity center (smartsteps excersaucer).
They survive whatever abuse is dealt to them.
I wish that they were not so hard to get clean.
The problem I have is that food/dry liquid gets stuck in a small groove on the inside of the spout.
It is very hard, even with considerable soaking, to get the crusty bits out of that space.
Yes a 'little' water comes out when the baby shakes it and bangs it around (it's really not that much), but she can actually USE them (she was using the other ones for teethers because she couldn't figure out how to get the liquid out).
I end up taping over the mouthpiece and putting the cup in a ziploc plastic bag to prevent milk from getting everywhere.I was so excited to see these with travel caps.
The main problem that I was having is that many of the sippy cups that I loved did not have a travel lid.
They are inexpensive enough so I don't care if they end up lost.
We still use them, but for carpeted areas we stick to theMunchkin 12 Ounce Mighty Grip Toddler Sports Bottle, Colors May Varyand have been really impressed with the lack of leaksMy kids are 2.5 years and 1.25 years respectively, and both enjoy using these Take and Toss cups.
These aren't meant to last forever, but I was really unimpressed with the lid/spout area.
I think I have two of these left somewhere that made it, and God knows where that little blue plastic snap-on cover went.
Also, these didn't leak very much at all, which I was impressed with considering the throw-away nature of these.
Infact, if I could do it all over again.
The lack of handles is a benefit and the slow drip design keep spills to a minimum.
They're meant to use one time, and then toss.
They're cheap enough I bought sets to get through the summer.
They're working out great for my 18 month-old and it's great to know that if I'm ever in a situation when one gets broken, lost, or just gets all funky and gross, I WON'T feel bad about throwing it out!The only downsides to these cups have been mentioned in other reviews -- the lids are a little difficult to get on (but I remind myself this means my daughter will probably never get it off by herself) and they do leak if you shake them upside-down.Seriously, give these a shot before dropping $6+ on ONE sippy cup.
It only spills when it is really full and left horinzontal, and a little bit comes out of the regular opening.
We stick to these.
They don't leak, they are a good size, and they are lightweight for little hands.
The only thing my baby would drink from (no bottles, no other sippy cups).
Within several weeks the nozzle bit was cracked or broken in almost all the lidsI was getting sick and tired of buying those expensive sippy cups worth 6-8 dollars and the valves would end up getting lost/broken in the dish washer.
I was fed up and I needed something better that wasn't expensive and I am so thrilled I found these.
However if you need a cup that won't make a huge mess when knocked over then these are the right cups for you.These are nice cups for kids transitioning to regular cups or for older kids that are in situations where a regular cup would be inconvenient.
I used these for years after my daughter had transitioned to a regular cup when we were in situations where a spilled drink would have been a disaster, such as for her cup beside her bed at night, the cup I put her juice in when she was sick and for trips in the car.
I'll be returning it todayThe nice thing about this chair is that it's pretty cheap and folds up very easily so you're not lugging around a whole bunch of parts.
It definetly has its perksThe fold and go booster was our initial attempt in the art of portable boosters.
Bottom feet prone to collapse.
Chair falls apart.Seriously, we were taking it apart to wash it, and the cheap plastic buttons holding the back on broke.
To fold it back down, you'll need both hands once again to push buttons on either side of the seat to pop up the seat and fold it in, then put the tray in with the rest of it, and spend another minute or two "organizing" the straps so they don't get tangled up with each other or come apart from the seat itself (even after the straps are "assembled" going in and out of all the right places, they just fall back out if you're not really careful).This seat isn't bad for us, we only use it at relatives houses who don't have a booster seat, so it's not too much of a hassle.
The removable tray is nice, and it is easy to clean, but between the hassle of removing the tray, having to use 2 hands to set it up and fold it back down, and the straps that fall out way too easily when not fastened, it's too much hassle for everyday use.
i wish that it had a reclining mode, but i think that theres no way it would travel in such a handy little package if it did that!
The extendable straps are great, and I've had no problem attaching it to a number of different styles of dining chairs.
I think my daughter feels like she is included more with the adult diners when she sits in this chair versus when she sits in her highchair at our home.
It really could be used as a permanent highchair.
The only reason I am not rating it with 5 stars is because the lid to the storage compartment on the back always swings open when I try move the chair, and has even fallen off a few times.
* A handle to carry the chair by once folded* A place to hook the tray on when the seat is folded* Optional legs for different hights* A VERY small compartment, we usually just keep a bibster in there (VERY hard to fit it though!
* A removable tray, just one (nothing to loose!).
Lightweight, easy to store, easy to open, can be packed in a suitcase, left at Grandma's house.
Tray can be a little snug since there is no way of making adjustments to it.
But then again, if you child is big enough they can just push up to the actual tableIt looks great once it's finished, but it takes a lot of patience to get there:The impression material is incredibly difficult to work with.
Then, I opened the packet, rolled it into a ball, stuck it between 2 pieces of wax paper, and pressed down on the top sheet of wax paper with a book.
I then put it back in the freezer for 10 minutes before removing the top sheet of wax paper and making the imprint.This trial and error took me 5 tries before I found a process that worked for me: if you don't put it in the freezer, you can't get the impression material out of the packet.
If you use foil instead of wax paper, the little crinkles in the foil will make creases in the impression material.
(If you do decide to roll, roll on top of the wax paper or the impression material will stick to the roller.)
)The instructions say to let dry for 24-36 hours, but it took mine 5 DAYS to fully dry.
And I had extra impression material left over to make a handprint for meI don't like to leave negative reviews, but I was so bummed to use this and not get a great result.
It sticks to the skin, so it takes quite a few tries, which can be frustrating with a newborn.
I loved the idea of this product but it is quite cheap, and i'd rather splurge for something else.
Wish there was something else out thereThe molding material is a very sticky foam that results in a very lightweight finished product.
However, it's probably better as foam because it won't put stress on the adhesive tape that holds it into the frame.I consider myself a pretty crafty person and strive to make things look perfect, but it was extremely difficult to work with.
and used the wax paper instead of foil (one piece for the top side, one for the bottom), and a cutting board instead of wooden roller to press the foam flat.
The foam still stuck to the wax paper in some areas, despite kneading the foam for a while.
But sometimes, it stuck to the whole surface area.
There was no rhyme or reason to the way it stuck, I just had to try a few times.
Instead, I used the bottom of a plate (that doesn't have a rim) to flatten it out.
It still produced some wrinkles some of the time.Used a bit of lotion on the baby's foot and it did not stick to the foam at all.It was very hard to cut out a rectangle in the foam and produce a clean edge.
Using the ruler, I pressed down to make the cut, then slid the ruler along the length of the cut to avoid pulling out the foam along the bottom edge of the cut.
Too much effort to re-do it all, so it'll stay there permanently.Dried the foam face up for maybe 15 hours, leaving the bottom-side wax paper on.
Then peeled the bottom-side wax paper off and dried the bottom.
After I flipped it and dried it, it's relatively flat.
I really do think that 48 hrs or more of drying is necessary.
I wish it came with a more neutral colored mat to go behind the footprint.
The hospital never gave us a footprint souvenir at birth, so this is all we haveUgh!
This was really frustrating.
It's so hard to get a newborn/infant's footprint without them curling up their toes and pulling all of the clay with it, but we finally got them on our twins.
The first went smoothly and we nailed it after the 3rd try.
The second was more challenging, and eventually the clay hardened to a point where it was no longer usable and we still hadn't got the footprint.
The lady on the phone was very supportive and offered a few tips.
Ultimately, what worked for us is preparing the clay on waxed paper, using the wood rolling stick over waxed paper to prevent it from sticking to the clay, pressing the foot firmly but quickly into the clay and quickly pulling it back up in a straight manner.
I then placed a piece of waxed paper lightly over the print and used my finger to smooth out any wrinkles in the clay and then transferred it onto a piece of foil to lay while it dried.
This was a really stressful experience.
I wish there was an easier way to get footprints, but even though it sucked doing, I'm glad we did it.
We now have their prints captured in clay foreverThis product was very easy to use and required very little effort.
The instructions are clear and are helpful (I noticed a review that a woman rolled the dough too thin, but the directions clearly say not to.
My only real complaint though is that the backgrounds that it comes with are either pink or blue.
Am I the only mom that's sick of everything being pink or blue?
What about green, or yellow, or purple?
So I went out to a craft store and bought a sheet of solid scrapbook paper to use as a background insteadMy husband bought this.
He loved the idea of putting the baby's picture next to her foot and hand print.
He thought that it would be really neat for her to look back at the picture of her at 6 weeks and see how small she was and how tiny her little feet and hands were.
It really doesn't get any easier and it is really attractive once put together.
The only problem I did have was that my caste cracked when drying.
(This was because my husband didn't lay it exactly flat to dry, this was not any fault of the product) However, I just filled the crack with caulk.
I would recommend this to anyone who wants a special keepsake for their child and anyone buying a gift for an expectant parentThe frame itself is just okay, but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhileGreat gift!
It doesn't dry too quickly so there're plenty of time to try over and overIf you mess up your clay, call the company and they will send you more free of charge.
Follow directions and you will have a great impression after a few tries.
I do this when the baby is newborn so I can fit two feet in the clay.
Not easy but doable and the results are pricelessI think the material for the mold especially and for the entire frame is somewhat cheap.
The plaster is quick to set, easy to do and looks good in the finished product.
The frame is high qulity and has great clean lines.
This is a great product that has been hard to find in the stores.
The print didn't stick I'm frame but a little super glue fixed it.
Good for gift too.
It stuck to the foil and repeatedly stuck to my son's foot (see additional uploaded photos) regardless of how thick or thin it was rolled out.
What finally worked was to roll it between wax paper, let the clay dry for 5-10 minutes after you roll the material before you try to make an impression (this was not included in the instructions).
I only found this out after we had already made about a dozen attempts and decided to use the scraps to experiment to make a hand print.
Because we re-rolled the clay so many times, lint and dirt started to get embedded into the clay resulting in an unattractive print that we didn't want to frame.3) I would have expected a little form to keep the clay in a nice square/rectangle, cutting it with the supplied ruler was also a mess that stuck and deformed the print.
After a day, the clay still did not completely dry and has the consistency of the stiffer marshmallows from Lucky Charms (firm but will dent with pressure).4) There is nothing special about the frame except it is thicker.
To attach the clay they include double sided tape.I would not recommend this product.
For the price you can easily go to a craft store and procure the same materials and have a much better end result.
Personally, I would use artist clay to make a foot/hand impression first and cast that in plaster.Update: 30 November 2011I contacted Pearhead regarding the difficult time we had with the clay and that it was embedded with lint and stuff from being re-rolled.
They responded in less than 12 hours and said that they would send out more clay to us.
I originally rated this product as a 1, but because they had excellent customer service I wanted to upgrade my rating to between a 2 and a 3.Update: 02 January 2012Since my last update, they did not send replacement clay.
I now would like to reduce the rating of this product to a zero if that were possible.Update: Jan 2013It seems that they did not like my picture I had uploaded of my newborn son's feet stuck in the clay gunk and pulled down the picture from the site.
Instead of fixing the product or providing customer service, it seems that they prefer to hide the imperfections with the product so that more people will buy itI gave the Eddie Bauer backpack diaper bag five stars because it is simply wonderful!
I had been spotting this bag in the store for sometime and broke down and bought it.
It is so good for those short trips to the grocery store, visiting friends & family , shopping at the mall.
I can easily pack two bottles in a small cooler type bag , plenty of diapers (I take 6 diapers) and a compact container of wipes, I also put several outfits in the zipper part (You never know when your little one is going to mess up his clothes)and my son's bib.
This diaper bag is however not for a long trip, it is perfect for those short trips.
I hated taking my bigger diaper out with us when we were only going to be gone for a couple of hours because it was so bulky and I didn't need that much stuff anyway.
I would rather use this diaper bag than the other two I have.
Here I can put the strain on my body.. not just one shoulder.
It has plenty of room and is stylishI purchased this bag because I wanted to downsize my diaper bag.
Overall it is not bad.
I have not had a problem with it wearing out.
The biggest problem I have is it's lack of space for bottles.
However, I think it lacks enough room for bottles.
I used it to downsize my diaper bag when I just had my toddler and although it seemed OK, I could not imagine using it for an infant.
I used it for several months and had no problem with the quality, but stopped using it with the birth of my second daughter because it lacked functionality.
Overall, I am not impressed with the Eddie Bauer lineThis monitor had quite a bit of static, but worked well if we placed it someplace with the sound turned down but we could see the lights on it - it is very sensitive.
It is too noisy to use while trying to sleep (unless you are a fairly heavy sleeper or need a white noise machineThis monitor is decent for the price, I guess.
But I think I would have rather spent a little extra to get something a little better.
But the problem is that there's so much static that you can barely hear the sounds that it picks up.
If you run the monitor on just the batteries alone ( and unplug the AC adapter), then the monitor is pretty crystal clear.
The only problem with that is that the battery life in that monitor is only like 1-2 nights (tops!).
So, if you have the money to spend on a new 9V battery every night, or every other night, then I guess this monitor would be okay.
But if you have that kind of money, I would suggest that you invest in a monitor that is better quality than this one.
I think I am going to return this for something a little better.
I'm very disappointed in Fisher Price.
I can't believe they would come out with something this poor of quality.
My suggestion: don't [spend] your money on this monitorI had purchased the soothing dreams monitor ... and the sound quality was so bad I took it back.
You can hear the faintest noise in the baby's room, or keep the volume down and just see the lights.
This monitor is really the best as far as sound quality goes, and the low price is definitely a bonus!
The monitor hums loudly and is very staticy no matter how low you turn the volume down.
It had so much static.
It did its job, so I kept it.
However, I refused to take it with me traveling.
She has a two story house and when I would put the baby down I couldn't hear her cry from downstairs.
I went to the store and found this monitor.
I could hear the TV in the next room.
I could hear the fan rotating.
I could even hear her roll over.
On top of that, I could see her larger movements with the lights.
When she cried all the lights glowed.
We get clear reception all of the time.
There is no annoying static or humming like many other monitors.
Best of all it is one of the most affordable monitors on the market.
I can hear my son if the volume is down low, and the lights work great.
I haven't had a problem with the static, and it's one of the most economical buys out there.
Then, there was so much static I couldn't sleep, and I couldn't hear the baby clearly.
- it only turns on when the baby cries or your spouse talks, etc.)
I highly recommend this monitorI like the items this kit contains.
The only thing I don't like about this kit is that there really isn't a handle to hold it with and it is kind of bulky but other than that its great.
I would recommend this product to othersThe 30 piece hospital kit has everything this one has plus the items you'll find in two other similar kits such as hair brush, medicine dropper, clipper (USE ADULT CUTICLE SCISSOR INSTEAD as it is much easier to handleWe got this as one of our shower gift.
I like the hard case because it is durable.
I think it is reasonably price and has everything you needThis kit represents overall good value in terms of the contents, since a single digital thermometer costs ...
It could include a scissor.However when we first opened the hard plastic case, half of the contents fell out, since they are not secured inside it.
Additionally the case is difficult to carry by the handle (there's no hole) and is not securely closed.
Everything I need.
The thermometer [stinks]!
It doesn't beep so you dont know wen its done.
You have to watch for it to blink or something like that and it only blinks a few times so if u miss it ur gonna sit there for a LOOOONNG time but hey it takes a long time to work anyways.
The medicine dropper is TOO hard to pull out and push in.
)I have lupus and even in the middle of a flare, when my hands are very weak and stiff, I can still get these plugs out even though it requires a good deal of effort.
So far, he has seen these, touched them, and lost interest pretty quickly.
I do have to say, though, that I have access to some outlets placed higher on the wall that I use for vacuuming, kitchen appliances, etc.
Don't buyThese things are bomb (and almost adult) proof!
I tried your cheap flat plug covers, which he gets off in three seconds flat.
He's a smart kid.Despite the bad reviews, I decided to try these.
He got frustrated in about 30 seconds and never messes with them anymore.
Definitely give it and/or the Safety 1st Adapter and Plug covers a try if nothing else seems to work and you have a little tinker on your handsThe basic covers did not cut it.
They are tough to remove, but that is the point.
If you have similar issues, you may not want to use them in outlets that you need to use frequentlyUnobtrusive, and my toddler hasn't figured them out yet -- can't argue with that.
I used these where the Safe Plates wouldn't fit (double gangs, for instanceIt takes both hands (and adult hands at that) to get these back out of the outlets again.
Great product, Satefy 1st!
First, they wouldn't go into all the sockets.
Sometimes they'd work on one socket in a pair, but not the other, so I don't htink that was user error or some problem with the fixture.
That said...
They are very hard for mommy and daddy to get out too.
So far, our child hasn't figure it out, but we're worried these will not work as well once she's older and may switch to the cheaper onesThese did not work for out outlets.
Possibly because we have an older home??
The latch that is supposed to hook on to the plate isn't long enough so it doesn't grip and they pull right outPRO: I feel confident that my child will not be able to remove theseCON: We have a hard time removing these when we need to use the outlets.
They take a couple seconds for me to get off but not really a hassleI ordered the wrong ones, so just make sure you order the correct ones, otherwise these would have been perfectI love these outlet plugs.
So we decided to try these.
But that's a GOOD thing in my opinion.
I would rather have something that is so difficult to get out that I even have to take a few moments to do it than something my daughter is going to just pull out and possibly end up hurting herself.PROs:+Hard to pull from the wall+Easy to install+Works on any standard outletCONs:-Hard to pull from the wall even as an adult-A bit pricey if you need to do a lot of outletsSince the first time my daughter noticed the outlets she has been obsessed with them.
That's why I got these ones for her room and the living room, where she spends most of her time, and got the simpler ones for the rest of the house.They are hard enough that she can't take them out, but not too hard that I can't remove them with one handI purchased these after reading the reviews on how hard they are to remove so I was not too surprised by how hard they are to remove - lol.
We used a cheaper, easier to remove style on the other outletsI was a little concerned about getting these after reading reviews from people who struggled getting these plugs out of the outlets.
But, glad I decided to order them- they work like they should- making it difficult for little hands to pull out of the wall.
A little to well actually.
If it's an outlet you don't use much then these will be a great product you won't have to worry about kids getting into.Might want to get something else if it's a heavily used plugThese are not easy to remove....actually, they are a nuisance if you decide you want to use the outlet.
However, they need to be because it doesn't take much for a curious or dexterous child to figure out how to remove other styles of plugs.
Very disappointed in the outlet covers, as we are probably going to have to replace them with a different kindThese are hard to use - to get on and off, even for adults, which is what we were looking for.
We'll see when our little girl gets interested in outletsThese actually snap into place and are a little difficult even for an adult to remove but will keep a child from removing.
Well, the problem was that I couldn't remove them!
I followed the directions and no luck.
My husband had to mess with them for 10 minutes and pry them out.
I got these for my house and they are much easier to use.
I am a 57 year old grandma and if I can do it anyone canThere are a lot of products like this out there.
This works for us, as do a number of other productsI know the point is to make it hard for the little ones to reach the outlets, but once these are installed there is NO getting them off without destroying the darn thing!
We almost broke the outlet trying to get these little buggers offSome of the negative reviews turned me off to the product but I decided to buy them anyways because I couldn't find a sliding plate cover for my GFCI outlets and I didn't want our child to see us removing the easier outlet safety plugs on a regular basis.I think this product must have been improved some because the ones I bought can only be pushed in on one side and they work exactly as per the instructions.
Basically, pushing the left button unlocks the top button and pushing on the top button unlocks the latch from the ground hole.
It's particularly frustrating if you're in a rush or otherwise tired because on the first pull or two there is very little noticeable progress.
The best part is it looks like he's just tugging on the plug so our little one is unlikely to catch onto the required button sequence.Too bad they cost so much (relative to the plain plugs) or I'd consider using them everywhere since they are fairly low profile and thus inconspicuous.The size and grip of the product might make it difficult for people with large hands or who lack coordination/strength in their fingers/handsNo worrying about toddlers or even pre-schoolers figuring these out...very well made and they do their job.To open them you have to depress the top button, then pull down towards the floor a bit and out.
I personally was nearly electrocuted as a child, having stuck my parents car keys into a socket...trust me, it only takes a second for a life threatening incident to happen with your child.
?Pick up a few extras for grandma's house tooAfter reading the reviews I was hoping these would keep my little one safe.
However, even after I followed the directions, the plugs would just fall right out of the outlet/socket...with out any prompting at all.I had to return these...thankfully Amazon is GREAT about their return policyI don't think every hospital gives away these things.
The hospital where I delivered only gave me a nasal aspirator in terms of these tools to take home.
Use a spoon?
Very slow and you have to keep refilling the bulb.
It will last much longer -- years!
Believe me, baby will not quietly say AH and put the thermometer in his mouth when he feels awful... and just try putting it in the other way!toothbrush: bristles are NOT recommended for children under 2.
Instead, toothbrushes that have rubber tips/points are recommended, to massage teething gums and be gentle on new baby teeth.Don't waste your money buying this kit.
Get what you can as a gift fro your hospital, invest in a good ear thermometer, and get one of the sets of grow-up-with-baby toothbrushes that "at a baby storeFirst of all the bulb syringe it's TOO HARD, and worst: it did not suck at all (the blue one from the hospital have been a life saver).
The dropper is TOO BIG....I REGRET of spending my money in this.....Keep searching for another set!!!
I have to say that the nail clipper has been the best one ever since my daughter was 15 months old, and after my husband step on it an broke it I run to the store and bought another one: Lucky me that I found it in a smaller set just with the scisors and the nail fillers and I didn't had to buy the whole kit againThis kit has all the essentials.
Perfect for teething LolThe picture doesn't match the product, but it's still a great set.
Word of warning though, don't try to sterilize the medicine dropper- it meltsto all first time mothers: this product is really not necessary!
One of the reviewers was kind enough to list all the items in the 30-piece kit, which I found extremely helpful when I initially registered for the kit.
It's got all the essentials, including the ones you might not think to packContrary to what another reviewer said I did not get any of these things or any baby care items when I left the hospital with my baby.
Everything is pretty standard and not very low quality as I had feared.
The tub thermometer is ok, but is rather hard to read underwater.
The carrying case is clear and zippered which I found very handy since I could see at a glance what was in it and what was missing.
I think I would have prefered to just buy the items individually for more money, but if you don't have much to spend this would be goodThis kit is great.
It has the basics that make a first time mom-to-be feel a little better about bringing her baby home from the hospital.
I was so relieved to find it when I got home.
All I came home from the hospital with besides my son was an aspirator and ointment for my son's circumcision.
The adjustable and extra long handle is great.
We're now on are third toddler toothbrush and he's not even 2 yet.
I've never had any problems with it being variable or unreliable.
now, and at first I thought this kit was the bomb.
Everything else is just "fluff" that you don't really need.
Most of it you will get from the hospital and a syringe comes with all medicines you will buy.
Save your money...buy clippers and thermometer separately and don't worry about the rest...you don't need it or you'll get it from the hospitalI haven't used it yet, but it seems really complete and full of everything we will need and I liked it better than others I sawMy favorite items are the nail clipper (which you can actually hold on to), the water temp (much easier to read than the one with the tub), and the brush (nice and soft).
A lot of the other items I've found pretty useless to me.
Regular adult stuff is more useful and better qualityThis has some useful things in it but not enough to merit the purchase.
Also the syringe tip is too large to fit in the opening of the pain reliever so doling it out is a pain on its own and the markings rub off the syringe making it useless after a few uses.
I don't use the teething toy.
I think the only thing in here that I actually use is the thermometer.
In the end, it's just easier to purchase the things you need separately.
The case is too bulky really for a diaper bag, I have never needed all these products on the go, but it does get a lot of use by the changing station.
I'm pleased with the kit overall and would say 11 out of the 12 products being of use I'd rate it 5 stars neverthelessThis is another one of those nice looking set geared towards new parents/ You see it and think you need it all and it will all match and be in this neat little case when you need it.
The clippers in this set are adult size with a neat little handle added.
Well adult size is too big to use on those little bitty hands...that is why they back infant sizes.
Keep all the free stuff from the hospital because 99% of it is better than what you can buy.
They will be taking your babies temp frequently after birth and they use a digital unit similar to this one but better.
The one we got at the hospital works in 3-5 seconds.
Another reviewer said to get an ear unit.
Don't waste you money.
It's far too big for a toddler mouth and you can't use it until they are at very least a year old.
The comb still makes her cry (it scratches her head) and gets tangled very easily in her curly hair.
We also use the cute little case to store all the junk that came with this kit that we've never used.So all in all, take everything the hospital gives you and buy a brush because the rest of this set is uselessSo rarely can you find everyone you need all in one product.
This is one of those rare occasions.
This set is the most complete one on the market and there will be no need to supplement it with anything else.
The thermometer is also a great addition if your child's bathtub doesn't already have one.
My only complaint is the nail clippers.
They are a bit big to use on a newborn...Oh, and I wish I knew what hospital the lady went to that received all of these products...I got diapers and a formula bag...I had to sneak the t-shirt and blanket for memoriesThis is definitely the set to get.
I tend to leave things all over my house but with this kit I never have to search for tiny items.
I have yet to use the medicine dropper or water temp taker but I doubt there is anything wrong with those items.
I also have to wait for my daughter's teeth before I test the toothbrush but it's nice that I have everything handy already.
The fingernail clipper is also useless.
It's just an adult-sized one with an attachment.
Should have gotten a baby-specific and -sized one even though right now I'm just trying to file their nails rather than clip then (on their pediatrician's advice).
I'm using the nasal aspirators that we took from the hospital, which I'm told are the best.
We registered for this set and got it as a gift.
The green suction bulb is so hard I can't possibly get it to compress with one hand - its useless for suctioning babies nose, we used the one from the hospital.
The same thing with the dropper.
The tweezers were so hard to handle, I just used mine.
*At first, I didn't think I'd need the thermometer because I also had an ear thermometer, but my child's pediatrician said they aren't accurate with newborns or infants, so I've gotten plenty of use out of it as an under-the-arm thermometer.
I much prefer the one given to us at the hospital.
*I won't use the medicine measurer anytime soon thanks to the little syringes the hospital gave me, but once he's bigger and takes larger doses of medicine, I'm sure they'll come in handy.
I'd definitely recommend it with the fact that you won't use everything at once in mindNot all kits include scissor, digital thermometer, tweezer etc.
I do agree with one of the reviewers you get some of the items in the hospital, however, we didn't get all of the items and when you're a new parent pressed for time, it's awfully convenient to have everything you need packed into one kit.The one "add on" that we put into the kit ourselves was a digital ear thermometer.
It would make a terrific giftIt's been awhile since the last review so I thought I'd share my opinion.
While some hospitals may (did) give you some of the items in the kit, it's not a guarantee that they will and there's nothing wrong with having a backup.
They al feel cheap.
The bulb syringe does not even workMy 7 month old wants nothing to do with these... she would rather try to hold the bottle without the handlesExtend the life of your Avent's product.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with Avent.
I would rather spend a small amount of money on buying these to put on my Avent bottles than a lot more on sippy cups.
I took them into Babies R Us for store credit, but unfortunately neither BRU or Buy Buy Baby had these in stock... :( Hopefully I'll find them sonewhere else soon, as I really wanted to have them for his sippy cupsSo, Let me start my review by saying not being able to pick the color is annoying (I have a bruiser of a boy & received 2 pink handles), but at least the colors offered match the Avent label on the bottles, so it's not that big of a deal.
We owned 2 Avent bottles (our only bottles because he exclusively breastfeeds) & when his doctor encouraged starting him on sippy cups with a little bit of water (6months), I really didn't want the bottles to go to waste.
Next time I'll simply go to the store to buythis is a good idea but the avent sippys ALWAYS leaked on me , so i cant really recommend this as in the end handles may be useful but the cup is not so what is the point of getting this?Switch to another sippy cup.
Just replace itI wouldn't go a day without these when my daughter had a bottle.
I never had any troubles with leaking or anything.
Perfect inexpensive accessory to save on the price of sippys.
I would have given them a 5 star rating if I could pick the colors.
Very neutral so it fits every decor.
This frame is very well made and didn't sustain any damage when a dog nose knocked it onto the tile from a table topit is such a beautiful and stylish frame.
it has real weight to it, so it doesn't feel or look cheap at all.
My older twins had a regular Diaper Genie, let me tell you that thing was the worst!!
I dont know anyone who would enjoy turning a knob fifty times to get a new bag, one handed, are you kidding me?
Okay so that one was history.
My friend has ONE 10 month old and her Champ STINKS.
But since she really doesnt know any others I told her that if the other pails sucked too, than I would just get that one.
Well now the neat, we didnt buy it, we saw it at a friends house who HATED her Champ, well now she HATES the neat.
she has a 3 month old and an 18 month old.
So I didnt know what to do.
Well at BRU there was a disposal system I didnt see before, low and behold....
It really keeps the smell at bay, until of course when you empty it.
and I spray it with lysol when I CLEAN it out, every 2 weeks or so.
And When I empty it the smell is no worse than a regular dirty diaper smell.
Well I do sometimes get a little whift of it in the boys room, but than I JUST CHANGE THE BAG!
Duhh, if it starts to smell just change it more often.
I am sorry but diapers STINK and I found that the Diaper Dekor is the best.
I love it soo much that I think I may just get one for downstairs too!Dont waste your money on the others, save a little more and get this one, its the ONLY one that WORKS**** WOW.
They said that they just dispose of the #2 waste in a diaper down the toilet, not the whole diaper or the wipe, just the "#2".
It eliminates almost all odors and I will definatly be trying it.
(And for those #2 diapers that you really just cant do that with, just do as you do with the wet diapers, and it wont be that unbearable.)
A GREAT IDEAI bought this product because of the reviews I read about it.
However it DOES NOT keep out the smell of dirty diapers.
However, besides the smell that hangs around the nursery for a little while after changing, the Diaper Dekor has kept the poopy smell at bay throughout the summer, with minimal air conditioning in our home.
It's nice that the bag can be changed at any time since there isn't a pre-set size; so if you get a stinky bunch of diapers and the pail isn't full, you can still empty without wasting extra plastic.
When taking out a full bag just remember to leave enough plastic to tie it off withWe got the dekor plus after using the small dekor for 10 months.
The reason we changed it is because the inner lid stopped functioning properly.
Since we bought the dekor plus it is bigger, but since the smell keeps getting out we have never even allowed more than a day's diapers -5- to stay in there.
If you want this product get the old square old version, which is the one in this picture.
I guess that is the one reviewed by consumer reports and recommended.
I usually take out 1 bag a week (full!).
They fit a lot of diapers inside.
I recently purchased a second diaper dekor plus for the downstairs as our regular trash can was starting to smell a bit.
My newborn's diapers easily drop into the Dekor with just a step of the pedal.
Once the Dekor is full, the bag is easily removed and cut to just the right length which means no bag is wasted.
The bag has a nice scent which isn't overpowering.
The bags have proven to be durable and strong to support the weight of the diapers.
My nursery has been smell free from diaper odor because of the Dekor Plus Diaper System.
My only complaint would be that I wish it was bigger (it's smaller than a standard trash canWe used this with the plastic refills for the first few months while using disposables & then switched to using a planet wise pail liner when we started cloth diapering.
It is a little awkward bag removal using the plastic liners, but the fact that you can decide how big to cut the bag is smart.
Very rarely do I catch a wiff while putting a diaper in.My only complaint is for cloth diapering it could be bigger.
(you're hands are busy enough!)
Although it can be heavier to lift due to the sealing around the edge of the lid, it gets the job done better then anything having to use my hands, and I never have a problem getting my dirty diaper in the pail due to this.
The seal is worth it!The diapers drop through another door that automatically opens when you drop the diaper on it, and closes back up after by it's self.The liner bags are well designed in that you tie off the bag at the bottom, and simply fill with diapers as you would a regular trash bag (no crazy long diaper sausage!)
The bottom opens up when you're ready to change the bag.
It has a small "razor edge" (very well protected from any injury) on the inside of the door that you slice the bag off however full it is.
Tie it off again at the bottom, and you're all set!
(Sounds harder and more complicated then it really is.
Not as costly as I had thought....especailly for the convienence of it all!!Smell.
As we all know, as baby's diet changes, so does the smell of her diapers!
I'd say, I didn't smell a THING until 6-7 months old with the introduction of solids.
Of course, I wouldn't want to think about how it'd be now without the Dekor!
I did my research before buying a diaper pail, and in a comparision test of the top selling diaper pails, this one was the winner....especailly smell factor!
Changing the bag smells, but any trash can would.
It keeps the odor in, the only thing is it has to be changed a lotThe Diaper Dekor is the best.
The refills last forever, it is totally simple to use and it really does not smell.
We dump the diapers about once a week, and there is literally no smell within that time.
My daughter is now 11 months old and the entire room STINKS whenever we have to dispose of a soiled diaper!
I have to change the bag every time she has a BM.
I finally gave up and and bought another Diaper Genie.
I had one with my first two children and it may be more of a hassle to use but I do not recall it omitting as much odor as the Diaper Dekor Plus.
We use the biodegradeable bag refills in it...not sure if that has anything to do with the smell issue.
Putting in the refill takes a second or two to figure out, but once you do it the first time it's really simpleOk, this may have been a good pick 10 years ago - but there's no way it's the best now.Features I like:- Pedal operation: essential for hands full of dirt diapers- EASY to switch out bag with self-contained bag cutter- neutral design- child lockDeal Breakers:- DOES NOT CONTAIN THE ODORS.
I know, I know.
I looked through all those reviews too that said that this one was the best.
My little guy is 10 months old and our baby room smells like all those poo diapers - and I'm one of those pple that flushes solids down the toilet.
Just imagine if I left it.
Just imagine how bad it is when you change the bag.Would I purchase again?
I'd hunt again, look at the DATE OF THE REVIEWS and look for the highest reviewed product w/ the most CURRENT DATES.
One thing I don't understand, why hasn't someone designed a stainless steel foot-pedal (hands free) diaper pail with and excellent seal and carbon filter?
a knob next to top opening easily locks trap door-foot lever never malfunctioned-easy to reload plastic bag refills-contained the odors wellCON:-now that I have two kids, this diaper pail isn't that necessary-extra cost just to pay for expensive trash bag refills?
this is a fantastic diaper pail, but its just that none of the specific-to-only-holding-ditry-diapers trash cans are not really useful in the long term (after the child is 1 yrs old).
a smarter long term solution for stinky diapers: buy a durable &#34;cloth diaper&#34; pail liner and a decent sized trashcan with a lid and foot lever.
The bigger the trashcan, the less often you dump the trash, the stinker those poopie diapers will infest the air.OR.... just double plastic bag those poopie diapers and lug them to your kitchen trash can... thats what i do now (1st is 2.5 yrs old, 2nd is 14months oldI was happy to find a diaper disposal system that worked well with cloth diapers.
If you go back and forth with cloth and disposable, or plan to do one and then the other, this is a great option, as you can use it easily for both options, as opposed to the Munchkin or Diaper Genie, which are much harder to use with clothThis diaper pail keeps the smells in, while allowing you to cut the bags and throw them out whenever you wantWe purchased this when for our nursery.
However, now that we've been using it for 6 months, I really love how function it is.Pros:-No smell.
I empty this thing maybe once a week (sometimes longer if I'm lazy) and I never smell the dirty diapers.
We are into eating solids now, too ... and if you have a baby you know what I'm talking about.-Easy to empty.
I love that I can just open the bottom, pull the bag out, cut it off, and the new bag is already loaded and waiting.
The bags also hold a lot of diapers.
I haven't counted, so I can't tell you exactly how many, but like I mentioned above, I only empty it once a week.-Locking lid.
There's a lock on the lid to prevent little hands from getting into the trash.
Also, the narrow width makes it perfect to fit between our dresser/changing table and the wall.-Refills last forever.
The refills are pricier than some others, I'm sure, but they last forever.
I've only replaced the bag once and that was around 3-4 months.Cons:-No indicator of when the bag refill is close to the end of the roll.
This is really my only complaint.
I think I read a review somewhere that suggested putting a pink line or some marker on the refill bags so you know when it's almost out.
It hasn't caused me any problems yet, but it would be helpful to know when I'm almost out of bag.-The lid sticks up sometimes, and doesn't close all the way.
Not a big deal because there's a second lid underneath that covers the diapers, but it's an annoyance.
I realize I'm being picky here, but I needed at least two cons, right?Overall, this is a really great diaper pail.
I've recommended it to all my pregnant friendsWe got the Diaper Genie as a shower gift.
I think they were the first to come out with a diaper disposal system, since the name "Diaper Genie" is to diapers as Xerox is to copiers.Unfortunately, the Diaper Genie is a terribly designed product (this from an engineer).
I'm serious.
You drop the diaper in and you're finished.As emptying it, it's as simple as trying to knots.
Trust me, it takes 30 seconds maximum to empty it.
We haven't had to load a new refill, since these refills last as long as 5 of the Diaper Genie refills.As for the great odor debate, we found it to be slightly less odiforous than the Diaper Genie.
Let's face it - leave dirty diapers in a warm room for a week or more, and it WILL smell.There IS one poor aspect to the Diaper Dekor - you'll read about it in every review...
The door that you open to empty it is NOT child resistant.
In reality, it is a child-magnet.I found a clean solution to the problem, but it is a shame we have to do this.
The best thing about it other than hardly any smell is the liners that come with last a long time, i did not have to buy refills until i had already used it for 6 months.
Holds the smell well enough but nothing is going to cover it up perfectly, adding a bounce dryer sheet helps but the best thing to do is empty it when your trash comes every week.I love the fact that when emptying it you hardly smell anything because you open it from the from and can hurry up and cut and tie the bag before any smell but that comes with a price when your baby becomes older they can learn how to open the top and drop stuff in it but this didnt last that long with my son, he only did a few times.All and all i definately recommendI have been using this product for four months and I CAN smell it.
The reason I chose this garbage pail is because you can use whatever bags you like.
I use biodegradable bags as well as biodegradable diapers and when the bag is 1/2 to 3/4 full the whole room starts to smell.
As others have mentioned, this is essentially a traditional step-action garbage can, with an additional door/flap to hold in the smell.
If you're not careful, this could make for a baaaad day - the refills come as a long tube of bag which you pull down and tie on the bottom, cutting the top and retying it each time you want to empty the bin.
If you're lazy and don't pull the newly tied/clean/empty bag section down all the way, you might not realize that there are only a few inches left - which will cause the bag to fall to the bottom, open, when the contents get heavy enough.
That's bad on its own, but if unnoticed, you could easily fill the container, without the bag in place, and have a nasty, smelly surprise waiting for you.
It hasn't happened to us, but it came close.The fix would just to be to have some sort of warning/indicator to show when the refill roll is about to run out.
Of course, if used as per the instructions, pulling the bag all the way down when changing it, you shouldn't have a problem.
I have never, even at it's fullest, noticed a smell from it, and my husband has likened me to a bloodhound for my ridiculously sensitive sense of smell.
I will update this review in a few months when he has really stinky diapers.
The only time you will smell it is when you are tying up the bag when it's full, but that's when the whole system is open and you're smelling old poop from a couple of days ago.
That has to be expected.It holds a lot, we empty it about twice a week, and the refill cartridges last for AGES!
We have used it for 3 months, about 8 or 9 diapers a day (since my son has an INCREDIBLE knack of pooping before, during and after we change him) and we are only about half way through our second cartridge in total.
Like other reviewers, I would say they could do with putting a red strip at the end of the refill to let you know you're about to need to put a new one in, but you'd always have your next one ready to go anyway.
The door latch isn't very strong, and so the door can open ajar when the bag is quite full and bulging, but again, you'd be changing it by that point anyway, and that would allow the door to close properly again.It's a good price.
The refills are not expensive, especially for how long they last.
The system is also 7 months old, but all the springs and latches seem as strong as they were to begin with.
Sadly, there is a bit of an odor to this system now, and I tend to keep it out in the hallway instead of by the changing station in his room, just so the smell isn't enclosed in one small room all the time.
Out there, I honestly don't smell it unless I'm right up close to it, and don't feel the need to hide it when we have guests over.I absolutely stand by my 4 stars.
You really need to remember what these systems are for, and that there will always be some degree of smell leakage from any diaper disposal system.
My best advice is change the bag every 2-3 days, and clean with Lysol once a week.Still a satisfied customerI got this after reading reviews for several different diaper pails and I opted for this one since I didn't want to stick my hand in anything or twist things.
Cons: the smell!
Every time I throw a diaper in there, the 1 second it takes for the diaper to enter the compartment is enough to release a foul odor!
And this happens even though my little one doesn't poop much and has barely started on solids.
It does not, however, smell if the whole thing is closed and unused.
Only smells when you toss a diaper in.Also, if you want to throw away just a diaper wipe, you can't because the 'trap door' requires pressure (from the weight of a used diaper or your hand) in order to enter the trash compartment.
This is one of the only diaper pails I have seen that would have a life beyond the baby stageWe are now on the third month of life with our little boy and his diapers are getting pretty stinky and so is this diaper disposal pail.
Once the diaper is in the pail, it is no longer stinky but when you drop the diaper in, the previous stinky diapers' smell wafts up and out of the pail and into the room.
I guess there is really no full-proof way of avoiding smell.
also, the refills last forever and are pretty inexpensiveThe biggest problem with it is the smell that escapes from the diaper into the bin.
There is simply no way around this.
It might not be too bad while the bin is closed, but once the bag changing time comes, you'll be in for all of foul odor.
I would not use this diaper pail in any room other than a bathroom, where the smell can be captured and gotten rid off through ventilation.PROS:- It is large so no frequent bag cycles are needed- Offers flexibility of frequent or infrequent bag "changes" without wasting the plastic.- Offers a very convenient foot pedal to open the lid- Has an attractive look especially in many offered colors- Does not require for the diaper to be pushed down - if the diaper is soiled enough and is heavy it will fall through by itselfCONS:- Because it is large and the diapers just fall through it is hard to judge how much diapers there are in there.
A lot of diapers in there mean there is a lot of smell, and the bag can be pretty heavy- Mediocre at containing the odors coming from the diapers; especially evident when bag cycle times comesWe cloth diaper our baby and this diaper pail is by far the best out there for cloth diapers.
However, it's really nothing but a glorified step trash can.
We had to remove the trap door insert to get it to hold the two days worth of diapers.
The trap door insert also doesn't really allow the diaper into the pail unless you push on it with your hand or your baby maxes out your diaper's capacity so that the diaper is super heavy.
Even with the trap door lock in place, she can still rub her hands all over the trap door and the inside lid and get germs on herself.The bags work well, but I feel like there's a lot of waste with having to tie a knot yourself.
It does a good job of containing the odors and accommodates a large number of diapers.
It's really neat and well thought through.
Its very convinent and our twins are almost 20 months old and we STILL use it, they are late bloomers and are in the 27% for height and weight.
We also use it for our 8 week olds dirty diapers, yuck!PROS-* Nice and big, can hold many diapers* Really is one handed, very cool and easy* No smells, not now and not ever!
* Bag refils are inexpensive and last months* Looks very cute with some decales on it lol* My sons have yet to figure out how to open it* We keep a deoderizer in it, keeps it fresh* Very easy to change a bag and thats about the only time you get a whif, and we only change it about every 4 days or so* bags are sold at BRU, Target, and walmart, so they are EASY to find* Holds MANY diapers and pull-ups, my sons will soon be using them* You really only occasionally have to scrub it down with soap and waterCONS-*Refils, it would be PERFECT if it didnt need special refils, but actually that just means, like another reviewer said, ALOT more garbage bags* It would be nice if the refils changed colors near the end, its funny when you realize there are no refils left, and you NEED them lolI would recomend this over any others, all my friends got rid of thier Champs and bought this, its the most expensive for a reasonI can't say enough about the Diaper Dekor Plus system.
(Each box of refills contains 3 bags, but they include one bag when you purchase the Diaper Dekor Plus.)
At the rate we are going, we won't need to open another box of refills until close to his 6 month birthday.Don't let the price tag worry you - it's WELL worth the price because there is absolutely no odor.
With two dogs in the house, we worried that the diaper can would become a hunting ground, but they haven't shown the least bit of interest.
The bag is a cinch to dispose of, and I LOVE how you can cut it off at any point you want.
In the long run, the refills are much cheaper than the other brands and it's well worth the money to not have to waste your time on flimsy grocery-store bags - they simply can't contain the stink - find another use for them - line your other waste pails with them.
my husband and i love how it is one continuous trashbag and we feel like we don't waste any space since you are essentially making the size of the bag by yourself.
I researched pails all over the internet and I would have loved to purchase the $90 steel one but logic set in and I realized I could get this pail with 2 cloth liners for the same price!
The pail feels chinsy when I move it around but you can't really ask for much when you're buying plastic.
We were using just a wet bag and my room went from smelling like dirty diapers (I could barely be in my room)to smelling like flowers :)Overall, great product, no smell at all, works great with a wet bag!--So I've been using this for a week or so now and I have a better idea of how it works.
Still NO smell which is awesome!
My planet wise diaper bag fits perfectly but it is a little hard to get out once it is full, not to big of a deal for me.
This pail fits about 18 cloth pre folds/fitteds, 6 covers, 18 cloth wipesThis was the first diaper pail I wanted to get but we used cloth diapers for the first 8 months so I needed one that could be used wet or dry.
While I was using the champ there wasnt too much odor, of course I was washing diapers every other day so there wasnt much chance for odor to build up.
However once we stopped using cloth and switched to disposables the smell was awful!There are two problems with the champ, one is it's top heavy so it tips easily and two is it has a hole near the handle so odor is always seeping through.The Diaper Dekor Plus solved both of those issues and more.
There are also no exposed holes to allow odor to escape.On the inside of the door on the bottom is a "cutting tool" that isnt exposed which you use to cut the bag and tie off.
All you do is step on the peddel and the lid pops up (just like a regular trash can) and you drop in your diaper.I will admit that when Im being lazy and just try to cram "one more" diaper in the dekor that there is a small odor that escapes when Im pushing that diaper in.
I have had mine over a month and have yet to change the bag.
I was concerned that I would be spending a lot of money on the refills but so far that hasnt been the case.Now my daughters room has no odor except her sweet smell.UPDATE: I have had this for two months now, I change the bag once a week and I still havent had to put in a new refill!
I bought the box about a month ago thinking it would be anyday but it still hasnt run out!
Also the refills come in boxes of 3 so if one lasts at least two months then your looking at buying refills only twice a year!
Our 18-month-old son does lift the lid up sometime and opens the flap, but never tries to put his hands in.
There is a built-in blade for cutting the bag when taking a full bag of diapers out.
We generally don't have any problems with odor, and we take the accumulated diapers out twice a week.
Sometimes I'll notice an odor on the day that we will be taking the bag out, but other than that, I think it does a great job of keeping the odor inThere needs to be an odor absorber in here because holy moly, this thing stinks.
I started putting poopy diapers directly in the trash outside and only use it for pee diapers.
I actually sprayed it down with Lysol and left it outside for a day to air out but something about the plastic absorbs the odor and I can't seem to get rid of itThis pail is not only good for disposable diapers but cloth diapers as well!
It's great that it doesn't require any special type of bag.
The only time I notice a smell is when I'm opening it up to throw in a diaper or to change the pail liner.I like this product so much that I recommend it to anyone I know who's having a baby whether they are using disposables or cloth diapersIt's very easy to change the bags, the one step feature works as descibed however, the so called triple seal design DOES NOT complete odor control.
We can smell a poopie diaper after a few hours of discarding it in the systemI read many reviews before deciding on this product for our cloth diapering household.
It worked for some people, but I am not loving it.
It's just too small especially if you use the bulkier AIO or pocket diapers.
Every day / every other day I have to put in a new cloth liner, and each time I am almost ready for one of the interior parts to break.
The "ring" inside and the mechanism that holds the liner just seems flimsy.
I hope I am wrong, but I won't be surprised if it breaks soon.+ attractive appearance+ pretty good smell managementIf I were using disposables, I'd buy this again.
Most importantly, the bags are super easy to changeI don't smell anything unless I toss a diaper in, I can tell it's made from good quality too.I like how the diapers pile up like a regular trash bag and not a sausage link which the diaper genie does.
I have gotten a couple of unpleasant whiffs, but if you change the bag often, you'll have no problem.
To all the parents who gave this negative reviews because of the smell, I'd suggest buying a couple packs of the disposable powder scented bags and a container of Febreze or the Clorox disinfecting spray.
They work really well, especially on poopy diapers.
When I finally got tired of taking every diaper out to the garage I tried the munchkin arm and hammer pail and a few months later it also seems to have absorbed the poop smell into the plastic and we have the same awful smell in our nursery.
Between the two pails I think the munchkin is harder to use and it sounds like it is going to break when it starts getting full, I think I got more diapers into the dekor before having to change out the bags.
I think when I can justify the expense I will try the ubbi, at least it is stainless steel and it shouldn't absorb the poop smell the way the plastic pails do and another bonus is you can use plain trash bags!
It was very easy to dispose of the diapers, just step on the pedal and drop it in.
The other diaper pails you have to adjust, and it is hard enough to keep a squirming baby on the table.
I never had a problem with it smelling.
The only complaint I have is that now that my daughter is a toddler, she loves to lift the lid of the dekor and reach in to take out the dirty diapers.
I am now expecting another child.
I can't imagine trying to wrestle with a diaper pail with two childrenI could not imagine using a different diaper pail in my house.
Let me explain why I love this system the most:- Foot lever to open the lid makes it easy to keep one hand on baby and drop the diaper in without a hassle.- Lid to the diaper storage area takes minimal effort to push it down and drop the diaper in, but it is also LOCKABLE for when baby gets older and starts to "explore" their nursery.- Top lid drops down securely and so you actually have two barriers between the bag of diapers and the air of the nursery so I've never smelled anything.- Inside there's the never-ending stream of plastic which serves as the diaper bag and I have found this to be so effective, when it comes time to change the bag I can compress the diapers and cut the plastic using the inside cutter to maximize the bag use.
(See note below for comment on bags)- Stylish design makes it very un-obtrusive in the nursery.
It didn't come covered in bright colored, garish stickers and advertisements.
I was able to take it out of the box and immediately start using it.
TheDiaper Dekor Plus 2-Pack Refill Biodegradableis not as effective, I think because of the different plastic they use to make them "biodegradable".Overall, I'm completely satisfied with it and so glad I did all of the research I didMine broke the first week I had it.
(One of the inner flap's spring broke.)
It does not contain odors very well.However, I do like the foot pedal for opening and it does hold a lot of diapers.
I feel like I would have been better off with a regular trash can with a lid thoughI was looking for a pale that would keep the smell of our biodegradable gDiapers at bay and when I saw the biodegradable refills for this, I decided to try it.
Before, I was emptying a lidded garbage can each day and now I only have to do it about once a week.
It really seems to help.The major selling points for me were:1.
Double barrier lid (flip-up lid and then another trap door type lid)3.
Lockable lid (there is a knob that turns to lock the trap door so toddlers can't throw in random items you have to fish out...yuck!)4.
It's easy to use, keeps the odor down and will actually save me money in the long run, since I don't have to buy a ton of biodegradable garbage bags that need replacing each dayWe have enjoyed the use of this product for our son.
The foot pedal is the main reason we chose this product.
The fact that you can choose how much of the bag to tie up makes it user friendly and saves money.
In the nursery, it looks like just a waste basket instead of a "poop disposal unit" as my husband calls it.
The double doors are easy to push the diaper through and keeps your hands and the unit clean.
Do yourself a favor and give this one a try, you won't regret itbeware, as your child ages, this system does not hide the odors.
But as she got older and the "stuff" got stronger, we tend to get a wiff when you walk by now and then (That just tells us that it's time to change the bag, and most times it's pretty full before you start to notice the smell, so it pretty much needs changed anyway) As long as you change the bags when it's time for the weekly garbage pickup you should be fine.
The only downfall is that I haven't seen the refills at the local Walmart or Target and the nearest Babies R us is 45 minutes away so we order them online.
But the bags last a long time.
Despite the lack of availability of the refills I would buy this product again.
We really like the system of tying off the bag whenever you want to, whether it's 3 diapers or a dozen.
The only improvement I could think of is if they designed it so the inside flaps open too when you press down on the foot pedal that opens the lid.
This would be good because when it starts to get about half way full you have to push the diaper in rather than just drop it in.
That, or, if they made it taller the inner flaps would have more space to go down.
Its extremely easy to use (hands free) and the liners last a long time and are very easy to put in.
My son is 6 months old and we've used the liner that came with product, plus two more.
Thats with me being lazy and not wrapping the diapers tight and also putting regular trash into it.
We went on vacation for 2 weeks and forgot to empty it before we left.
I thought for sure it would be dreadful, but nothing... No smell at all.I've tried just about every other diaper pail out there... between my MIL daycare, stores and friends.
At that point, I needed a locked pail, and bought this for wet diapers only.
It worked great for that purpose.
Again, not too bad, but no it does NOT work as well as the genie.
I actually did buy the refills a couple of times, but came to hate them because when they run out they wouldn't always obviously "stop" like the genie and on more than one occasion I went to empty the pail to find a collapsed bag with a bunch of loose dirty diapers inside.
Boy did that make me mad.
This makes a great secondary pail for wet diapers.
I might also buy a second of THIS pail to keep downstairs for the few diapers we change down there, and to ensure the dogs don't get in the trash which happened a time or two.
This is a good "light use" pail with flexible bag options, so for that I give 4 starsIt might have been my own fault, I ready some really great reviews on this product so I thought I would love it, but it was not that great.
The foot pedal that opens the lid is AWESOME and it's easy to push the diaper into the pail, making disposal of a messy diaper very easy.
However, it releases odors when you open the lid to dispose the diaper, and the flap broke already.
Nonetheless, it is WAY better than most other diaper pails, so I guess it will have to doWe got this as a shower gift and we also have a genie for our second changing area.
The dekor is just a step and go system, the genie has the lid, the twisting and re sealing ;at 3AM this is a total pain!
To change the liner is also much easier with the dekor.
Since I'm a stay at home mom just about all the poops go in here but you can never tell there's a poop in the tiny room because it keeps the smell in so well!
Just hold your breath when you go to throw another in and do it fast!
When my husband takes the trash out at night he apologizes to me for having to deal with that smell.
I let him think that I dealt with that smell all day but really my baby's room is always clean and fresh smelling!
Just a tip: if you have small rooms or just don't want any bad smell in the room, take the pail else where or even outside to tie off the bag.
My mom found that one somewhat difficult to get the hang of... making sure the diaper went through the inner flaps.
it is easier to use, however it is much more smelly.
though it golds a good number of diapers, you really can't let them sit in there for more than a dayI purchased this product just before my son was born, and saw it merely as a minor convenience item.
5 months later, however, I LOVE this product.
We're even buying a second one to keep in our playroom.If I had to come up with a criticism, it would be that in order to get the full storage benefit (since it has an oblong shape) every once in a while you have to jiggle the whole can back and forth to make sure the diapers are distributed evenly and not just piling up in the middle.
She know that the door doesn't close and falls apart, so she's always where the plastic bag is.
Sure this is a nice pail to keep after the diapers are gone.
But, when it has some stinky diapers in it, it stinks and so does her room.
Love the low profile aesthetic as wellI have used different diaper disposal systems at friend's houses.
I have mine full to the brim and so far have not detected any odors and I am not hard of smelling.
I feel that if a diaper system smells then there is no point in purchasing one.
You could just buy a cheap Rubbermaid trashcan instead.
We are going to buy another one for the upper floor.
It contains odor really well (I realize breasted newborns don't stink).
The refills last a long time, it looks nice in the nursery and it doesn't smell.
In the months that we have had it, we have never had a problem with smell.
It fits MANY diapers as well--I find that we have to change it only once every 4-5 days.
There is no complicated stuffing and twisting like there is with the other diaper pails (that I have heard from friends do not work as well with keeping smell out of the nursery--ie.
Using it is as simple as pressing the foot pedal and dropping in the diaper.
I do have to admit that when the pail gets a little full, we tend to pack the diapers down so that the bags will last longer, but I have never had a problem with getting anything on my hands.
The only issue I have with this is that I have it on carpet, and it can be difficult to use the foot pedal because of this (wants to sink into the carpet).
But all I do is simply lift up the lid and drop the diaper in--no problems!
It is very nice looking as well--does not look like a diaper pail, so it could be used as a garbage can in the future (the top diaper drop part comes out so that it can be used for just this reason).
The refills are also very easy to use--just open the lid, drop one in, and pull the bag down and tie a knot.
I would recommend this diaper pail to anyoneI use a cloth diaper service, they pick up and drop off once a week.
When I got the diaper dekor plus I assumed that it would be big enough to hold a weeks worth of dirty diapers, I only get maybe about two days before they have to start being 'shoved' in... which is just icky, seriously.
For the price, you would think that it would seal each diaper individually.
We chose in the end to just have a small garbage can in our daughter's room and a natural scent deodorizer in the bottom.
The bag gets emptied daily and there are no smells of diapers in her room.
And, this is a great pail to use for something else when you are finished using it for diapers...
I plan to use it in my master bath room when I'm done with diapers...
No odor, no mess, and very very easy to change the bag.
Just one snip with the siccors and tie 2 nots (one in the top of the used portion - and one to close off the new portion) ---- That's it!!
Since there is no loud popping noise of opening a new bag (you just pull the next portion down) my baby sleeps right through itThis was the third diaper pail I have purchased in a little over a year.
This one is a better combination of both.
It is also nice because there is really no chance of making a mess, the top opens and goes right into the bag.
You can cram a lot in there until it's time to cut off the bag and tie it up.
I would definitely recommend this over the rest of the pailsWe got the Dekor and the Diaper Champ as gifts and kept both for the two changing areas in our house.
I like the Dekor SO much better because of the foot pedal for disposal (my son is super squirmy and I need both hands for him!)
and changing the bags is simple--just open the front door, cut the top of the bag with the built in safety cutting device, knot the bag, and pull down the plastic for the next bag.
The refills are expensive, but they last a long time, especially if you "wrap" the diapers up and secure them well with the tabs to save space.
I had actually registered for the Diaper Genie, and was dissapointed when I got this one.
My 4 month olds diapers dont stink too much yet, but this pail will handle the job!
I find it unnessesary to "dump" the "#2" into the toilet first, this pail handles the job as it is.
This tackels all odors and refils really arent that expensive.
I love it, and my house guests are amazed that I actually change diapers in my house, not one whiffI was pretty excited when I ordered this diaper can, it seemed like a good concept, and I didn't want to do a diaper genie.
It is a good idea, unfortunately it doesn't play out as well in reality.
The plastic has absorbed the odors of dirty and wet diapers, so now, even when it is empty it smells....bad.
It left my daughter's room with a dirty diaper smell.
In order to attempt to solve this issue without getting rid of it I have scrubbed the empty can down with bleach and odor eliminator, have sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the new bag and have bought Arm and Hammer diaper trash bags to tie each individual dirty dirty diaper in before throwing away in the Dekor.
I loathe the diaper champ.
I get mad every time i have to use diaper champ.
when it is full you can still set a diaper on the opening and it will fall in when you change the bag.
It is very subpar.
With dekor you just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in or set on top if full.
It is so much better.
You can also choke off the bag when changing to not get the full smell whereas diaper champ you have to lean over the stinky bag.
I love Diaper Dekor Plus, replacing my mothers champ with a dekor nowOur oldest is 3, and this diaper pail has been doing its job, right next to my bed that entire time (now containing the stinky diapers from our younger son for the past 19 months).In light of the 600 other reviews for this product, I'll boil it down to these four points:(1) It really does contain smell, despite its simplicity.
I shopped around for a repair kit and came up empty, so emailed the company.
Problem solved.
He hasn't managed to break anything, despite it being very conventional construction (i.e.
We love it!You only need one hand to throw the soiled diaper away.
When I saw that the refills cost about $20.00 for 3 bags I thought oh my gosh.
Unless you leave dirty ones in there for a few days.
We had a Diaper Genie with our other children and I must say that the Diaper Dekor is a much better product.
It's easier to put diapers in, easier to change the refill and easier to dispose of the used diapers.
We like it much better.
Our 11 year-old handles taking out the trash and he has not had any problem with the handling the Diaper Dekor.
We would definitely recommend this product and plan to buy it as a gift for our expecting friendsThis is an excellent diaper pail!
It looks and works like a regular trash can - just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in.
The refills are very simple to replace and when it's time to empty the pail, all you do is cut the bag, tie a knot and you're done!
Although it is small, it holds a ton of diapers -- so far we only have to empty it about once a week.
The refills are a little pricey, but a 3-pack lasts several months.
Now that she is older I have realized the (1) it doesn't hold that many diapers and (2) it DOES NOT CONTAIN THE SMELL AT ALL!!!!!!
Look elsewhere for a diaper pailThis diaper pail is great because it can hold a lot of diapers and has a great little flap that keeps the diaper smell trapped away.
Love the continuous bag that reduces waste and gives us control over when to empty.
If you are a new mom trying to figure out what diaper pale to get, look no further.
It's easy to use, looks good, and mostly keeps the stinky diaper smell out of the nursery.
I mean, you have a bag full of poopy diapers....I think no matter what trashcan you use some stink is going to get out.
One thing that could be made better, though, is to have the lid swing all the way open when you're changing the bag cartridge outI have only been using this diaper pail for 7 weeks, and I hate it.
I have two boys in diapers - one about to turn 2, the other 7 weeks old.
When it gets more than half full, the top won't close, letting out all the poop odors.
Because the second inner door flap goes inwards, it prevents you from being able to fill a bag completely because it runs into the diapers.
This also causes that inner door flap to get a little gross.
The pail is insanely expensive, as are the refills.
I really expected more and am very disappointed!
I'm glad this was a gift - I won't feel TOO bad when I toss itThis really does keep all the smell in.
I only take this out once it is FULL, and you can't smell it in her nursery at all.
It's easier than Diaper Genie and you don't have to touch it to throw away a diaper, because there's a foot pedalWe really liked this pail at first.
Our baby was on breast milk, so not knowing the odor containing abilities (or lack thereof), I thought it was pretty nifty.
I liked the concept of just slicing the bottom of the stretch of plastic bag where we needed and then knotting the opening to form a bottom again.
Sometimes poop would get on the flippy opening, but not too much trouble to wipe it.
It looks nice, and there was no smell for the first few months.
Now that we are feeding him more toddler-ish foods, it's starting to really smell after we put a couple of poopy diapers in it.
But from what I've read on most of them, none of them contain odor too well once the poop isn't little baby poop any longer.
Anyway, I'm thinking we're going to just get a tiny close-lid trash can and take the poopy diapers out at the end of every day in a plastic grocery bag.
Even with that, we never, ever have had the house - or his room - smelling like used diapers.
Even when the pail is completely full.
And yes, this is a child who is home with me all day (so, unlike another reviewer said, no, the lack of smell is not because his diapers are going in a daycare's pail!
), and, like I said, he is over 2 now so his poop has gotten - um - fragrant.
), and as someone else said, it'd be great to have some marking toward the end of the refill so you know when it's nearly done.
There is not stink, it is SUPER easy to use when you are half awake, and emptying it is easy as pieThis thing works!
I'm very glad we got this, I don't know what would we do without it.
(Those diapers are quite smelly, believe it or notPlus:1.
Liners really do last a long time, making them less expensive than they seem at first- definitely cheaper than the Genie's.
Holds a lot of diapers- we empty about every 5 days.Minus:1.
It's nearly impossible to find the refill liners in stores (I've seen them once at Baby Depot, never at BRS, Target, Walmart, or anywhere else) so they need to be ordered ahead of time, which means we always have to pay shipping for them as well.2.
A minor point, but it is hard to tell when the liner is about to run out.
So long as you've ordered extras ahead of time, this isn't a big deal, but if you haven't, you're in trouble for a couple of daysDon't fall for the Diaper Genie hype.
This is an EXCELLENT product - it doesn't waste plastic by wrapping individual diapers and it still smells great.
Our daughter can be "stinky" at times but we've never had a problem with smell.
Replacing the bag is simple and the in-door cutter is so helpful.
I highly recommend this diaper pailHaving never used another diaper pail before, I can't compare this product to those.
I find it easy to use, contains odors, is easy to empty and refill, and looks fairly modern yet not an eyesore.
It also seems to hold a fair number of diapers.
We only have to empty it about once a week or even less, but we also tend to stuff it to the very top!
Sometimes I have noticed an odor when I go to put another diaper in, but that is almost always because it's too full and I'm literally shoving another one in there, therefore allowing time for odors to escape!
It NEVER stinks.
I don't know how it holds in the smell of my boys diapers, but it does.
I think I cram a good 40 diapers in that thing too to before I empty it out.
I only change it every week and a half to two weeks.
I like the fact that I can buy refills online and they come in the mail.I buy the refill packs of three.
We have the Diaper Dekkor next to our daughter's changing table in the nursery and we have not had any problems with odors.
I only have gripe, and that is you do not know when the bags are coming to an end.
So nice to find a product that delivers on its claimsBasically all of these diaper pails don't really contain the smell all that great but regardless, we've changed the bags constantly sometimes twice a day but the nice part of these type of bags is you cut them off wherever you want to so you aren't wasting an entire bag.
We keep this in the bathroom because after a while it stinks - we are on our second one - the first lasted us a year and then it smelled so bad even after being cleaned extensively many, many, many times we just threw it out and bought another one.
A smaller, spring loaded interior lid keeps the diapers out of sight.
When you want to toss your diapers, you open the front side of the unit, cinch the bag at the top, and cut it on the safety blade inside.
You then tie a knot on the bag you just cut, and another to start a new bag, and you're done.
This feature seems a little gimmicky.
You could easily have a bag dispenser inside with individually cut bags, the way they do produce bags at the supermarket, so you wouldn't have to cut and tie each time.
The Dekor doesn't do a great job eliminating odors, and that's starting to become a problem.
Who wants their nursery to smell like poop?
And since they're bigger now, the Dekor also doesn't hold as many diapers as it used to.
So instead of using the Dekor, we've been using our regular trash cans instead and emptying them out more often.From what I've read, it seems like the Diaper Genie does a better job eliminating odors.
I read a few other reviews and would like to comment based on them.Our son will be 5 months old this week.
The liner sets in the top of the pail and you pull it through to the bottom and make a knot in the bottom.
To dispose of the diapers, you just step on a pedal.
The top lifts up, you drop the diaper, and it falls through the "flaps."
When it's full, you open the door on the front and cut the liner off (there is a liner-cutter in the door).
You are totally in control of how much liner you use and therefore don't have to waste or have a huge portion of liner that is unfilled.
Then you just tie a new knot and pull the liner down to fill the pail, and you're ready to start again!
The system comes with one liner refill, and refills are sold 3 to a pack (I see them all the time at my Babies 'R' Us, and my Babies 'R' Us almost never has anything in stock!).
We had bought 2 packs of refills when we got the system, and I seriously wonder if we will ever need to purchase another one...or if we'll even use all of what we bought!One reviewer stated that the system should tell you when the bag is about to run out because you could be tossing your diaper into the pail w/out a liner.
I'm really not sure how that would ever happen, as you are the one who has to open the side of the pail to remove the full bag and pull down the new liner.
If you go to pull down the liner and it you hit the end of the refill...well, it's like saying you don't know when your paper towel roll comes to an end.
You pull and there is no more.Someone also commented on the flaps, and how the diapers don't fall through.
I disagree with that.
Regardless of my son's age, as long as he urinated more than once in his diaper and there was any kind of weight to it at all, it would fall through.
Only if it was completely dry would it not fall through.
And even then, if you just take your foot off the pedal and let the top fall down, it would push it through anyway.
The one area I do agree with that person in, though, is that when the pail starts filling up, if you really want to maximize the liner and not change it right away, you DO have to push down on the top diaper to get it to go down far enough for the flaps to close again.
But I have never touched another dirty diaper doing this, and I think that it's still worth not having to reach down and lift and push and twist, like you do with the Diaper Genie.There were also comments on refilling the liner.
No, it is not as simple as dropping a bag in, like you would a regular trash can.
But it most certainly is not complicated.
If you're looking for a disposal system so you don't have to worry about constantly getting dirty diapers out of your house, I'd really have to say this one is the way to goWorks perfectly well - keeps smells out.
Also much cheaper than the Diaper Genie option.
Doesn't take up much floor space and very easy to useI used the diaper dekor 8 yrs ago with my first daughter and purchased it again with my new little girl and it's just gotten better.
They've made improvements to make it easier to use and very clean.
Keeps the mess and the smell where it belongsAfter reading dozens of reviews on other diaper pails and checking them out at the stores, we decided on the Diaper Dekor Plus for when our son was born.
We have not been disappointed yet.
You just step on the toe-button or lift the lid by hand and drop in the diaper.
The only time we have any smell is when the bag is full and ready to come out.
Since my son has been in daycare, we only have to change the bag out about every 6 days, and it's only at that 5th or 6th day that there is a slight smell.
To change out a bag is easy, too: just knot the bag, cut it with the cutter, and knot the bottom.
The only slight thing I noticed is that we cannot use the foot mechanism (toe-button) to open the lid in our son's room due to the carpeting (which has a high pile).
It worked fine on less "fluffy" carpeting and on hard flooring, and this was not a large issue for us.
We were much more interested in the limited number of times we need to replace the refill and the stink factor.One other thing I really like about this is now that my son is getting taller (longer), it's hard to have the poopie diaper sit on the changing table with him while still continuing to clean without him kicking a foot into it (since you want to wrap up the poopie wipes in with the diaper), so I've begun setting the diaper on the top of the lid while I finish cleaning and re-diapering my son.
It has a foot pedal to open the lid and you can drop the diaper through the trap doors.
Also, if you have a dirty diaper, the mess could get on the trap doors if that part of the diaper hits them.
When full, the pail is very easy to empty.
Open the bottom compartment, pull out the plastic tube/bag with the dirty diapers, cut it and throw it away.
Then pull the tube/bag down, tie a new knot in it and the pail is ready to fill again.
The refill bags last a long time.
There is no way of knowing when a refill bag is near the end though, so you may not be left with enough to hold the diapers and the dirty diapers may be loose in the pail.
This has happened to me a couple of times and it's not a big deal to clean up.
It would be nice if the plastic had a red stripe toward the end of it like cash register receipt papaer does, so you'd know when it's about out.This diaper pail does not do anything fancy with the diaper, such as roll it up into a sausage, but you can roll it up if you want to save space and fit more diapers in the pail.
Each time you open the lid to put a new dirty diaper in, the smell of the previously discarded diapers wafts into the room.
ALL of them LOVE this toy.
They could do this with almost anytoy, but the ADORE pupsqueak.
That Said I have 2 others wich I gave to my boys.
They LOOVVVEE him too!
I dont know if its just because hes a dog, (their lovey toys are a black and white dog and a brown and white dog, and they love our boxer and golden retriever mix) or maybe its just because PUPSQUEAK ROCKS!
A few weeks ago we went on a 8 hour car ride, I know that my youngest twins stayed quite mostly because they were soooo comfy in their marathons, and because they had... PUPSQUEAK!
They even like him in the crib and in the stroller, a versitile little toy.
And A toy that for 12 bucks will last THREE YEARS, wow talk about getting a bargin!
It even has a handy clip on top of the head to attach it to your carrier, bouncy seat or diaper bag.The only negative is it must be spot cleaned; my baby drools all over it, so when I wash it, it's out of commission until it dries completely, which is usually the next day.
But that's the same with all soft toys that can't be machine washed, so it's not a serious drawbackOur 4 week old son LOVES this toy!!!
Zach is four months old and really really loves pupsqueak.
If we make pupsqueak squeak, Zach goes into hysterics, and my 20 month old twins join in!
Pups is also great for teathing, once Zach really starts getting those teeth in!
I dont know what it is about Lamaze toys but they sure do put alot of thought into them to make them so gosh darn cute and interestingThis toy is very sturdy and easy to clean.
We've never been disappointed with any of the Lamaze line of soft toys and Pupsqueak is no exceptionWhen I first saw this toy I thought it looked busy and a little annoying but when I hung it above my 2 month old son's changing table he loved it.
He smiles and "talks" to it, and he is just starting to bat at it and he is rewarded with jingle bells even when he barely hits it.
This toy has a ring on top but the ends don't snap together- it is surface washable only.
you're not supposed to throw this in the washing machine (although some reviewers have indicated that it does wash ok)Is it cute?
I found one in Carters for half the price that barks when you squeeze the paw, has the snap on ring AND when you pull the rope it hangs from the toy even vibrates - a much better deal.So, over all I would say, continue looking and you'll find a similar product at a better priceRight around the age of three months, my daughter started to really become interested in the things around her, and Pupsqueak was no exception!