
Perfect for new parents.
We were able to keep track of baby's feeding, sleep and diaper change schedule for the first two and a half months of her life.
I think it is one of those things that everyone should be required to have before they leave the hospital.
We went through all the pages of the newborn version, then moved to the infant version, and will finish up the second infant book (third total) right as our baby turns 1.
See other things that are must haves for baby at [...]Helps me know exactly how my babies day has gone with my mother in law watching him while I go to work.
It also has a section for her to write notes and let me know anything she may need.
I couldn't be happier with this book.I bought this a few times for my older son and have bought it again for my newborn.
This is super easy to use and helps me keep track of his daily routine.
Excellent for dads to keep track as my husband can quickly forget what time he fed our son.
LOLI wanted an alternative to printing out daily log sheets for the nanny to fill out, and this has worked out great!
I'm no longer searching my daughter's bag for a crumpled piece of paper each day.
A lot times I need struggle trying to read what the caretaker wrote in because the spaces go together.My 3 month old son spend half of his days with my mother and half with a neighbor while I worked.
I had them track his activity (loosely) in this which allowed me to get an idea of how his schedule was developing and how much milk he was eating.
Definitely would recommend this for new moms.
Plus it's small enough that I throw in the diaper back for doctor visits.I wanted to love this, but it was pretty expensive for only a few months worth of calendar pages.
I ended up buying a regular weekly planner - 55% OFF!
- The Planner - that is 8 1/2 x 11 and has all seven days on the right page and the left page has room to write a To Do List and Goals.
I found this to be more helpful because I could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - I could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.
This planner was cute, just not what I wanted.The Baby Tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available.
You can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes.
Once I used up the entire book, I bought this Baby Tracker, which tracks only days since my daughter is sleeping during the night now.
Her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day.
It's a great way for me to know what happened.
The daily tracker helped us so much because once we got home our baby cried all the time, could not sleep and we were having major problems breastfeeding.
The feeding column we wrote how many ounces of breast milk or formula we gave and how long he breast fed for.
We even write notes about his first smile, who came to visit, ect to keep in his memory box.I use this so that our babysitter (grandma) can keep track of what goes on during the day.
We've recorded so many milestones since we received this.
It is a 6 month diary and has room for notes.
It also has a place at the back of the book for immunizations.
I'll definitely get another one in 6 months when we finish this book.This book is a great way for keeping track of daily changing and feedings.
My only wish is that it was in a 24 hour format.
But other than that it is great.Has columns for all the info I need at a glance when I get home from work.
Shortly after starting the arrangement we realized that we would need some sort of journal to track our little boy's activities while he was with the nanny and we were working.
The journal pages are clearly divided into columns for tracking feedings, nap-time, diaper changes, play-time as well as general areas for notes and tracking milestones.
First the entire layout is about half a notebook sheet divided down the middle (portrait layout).
This constrains entries to very small spaces on each column and row.
For much of the information that is okay - feedings can be summarized in ounces; diaper changes by a &#34;#1 or #2&#34; and so on.
That's fine if the intention is only to track hours while a baby is with child care providers.
Using this journal that would require the use of a second page.--------------------WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(+) Good layout that is easy to read and instantly gather information about your baby's day in a matter of moments(+) High quality paper(+) Consistent quality between the pages--------------------WHAT I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(-) Expensive and gets you at most 6-months, less if you use more than one page for tracking your babies entire day(-) The cover is thick but not a hardback and bends easily in a diaper bag(-) The pages should really be bigger.
I understand portability is a concern but the current size is entirely too small--------------------CONCLUSION:I ended up making my own format of this journal in a spreadsheet that includes a 24-hour day and more space for comments along with a few other changes and had the pages bound cheaply at a local shop.
But I haven't used this thing at all, and here's why:1.)
(I don't nurse in the same place every time.)2.)
You're also often so sleep deprived that - at least for me - I'd forget to look at what time we started on a side, or what side we started on.
I'm not perfect with the app I have either, but at least I just have to mindlessly hit a button.3.)
For example, it can tell me how long on average feedings have been taking (helpful as we start to think about sleep training).
It can tell me that I nursed him 177 times last month (granted that serves no useful purpose other than a feeling of perverse satisfaction).Easy to use, simple!
I got this when my baby was 2 months old and love it.
It makes it easy to track things and write down developmental notes in an organized way.
I know moms who create spreadsheets of their baby's nap times, etc.
This book is practical and great!We used this to help us keep track of pees and poops during that first month.
It is really helpful if you breastfeed to keep track of feeding patterns and wet diapers to make sure baby is eating enough.
It helped me keep a written record to take to Dr appts so I had all the information they ask you for on hand already, and even helped me note and analyze baby's sleep patterns once he got a little older.
Definitely a useful item to have.I've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.
We're on the third one now.
She's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  But the BEST thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.
I flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.
It helps a lot.Of course this has been a great/easy way for me to record all of my baby's routines and a simple way for his caregiver to let me know how the day went.
Life saver!!
All of the funny little things would probably have been forgotten!I've been using this since the day my baby was born (1 month ago) and it is a life saver!
It is a great way to track when I breastfeed, what breast he ate from, how long, etc.
Plus when pee diapers are changed and poopy diapers.
Our Pediatrician is always asking # of Wets and # of Dirty Diapers per day...so I bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.
I color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.
I plan on ordering 3 more so I have enough to track this entire first year of his life!I didn't think I would really use this and I was wrong.In the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm I was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones.
It's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when I change his diaper.
Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.
This journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while I'm gone.
They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.
Highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.
I'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old.I am 4 weeks from delivery of my first baby and was looking for a newborn tracker.
From the reviews I read this one looked like it had everything that one needs to write down and remember, so I bought it.
I have not used it but I am very happy with what I saw.
Hope it ends up being as useful at it looks.I have used this tracker for all 3 of my children and swear by it!
It is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc).
I was able to use it as a resource when (many months later!)
I went back to formally fill out his baby album since I would have forgotten so many of those valuable little tidbits of information & memories.We found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)
We loved it so much that I've bought another one and have almost filled that one too.
I like having the room to write things about our baby's day and development, plus use the "Notes" section to write some story, etc.
It also helps "Dad" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.
I will be buying another one soon!GREAT journal.
We use this everyday to communicate feeding, medicine and other needs when I don't have time to give my nanny the full rundown.
LOVE it!
I've bought two!I have been using this baby tracker for three months and it has been very useful.
Just finished our first one and am starting a second one.
Excellent for communication for when you don't have your child.
Even when I'm at work, that night I know exactly how my childs day has gone just by looking at his book.
I recommend this to all new moms!
Especially during those first few weeks/months when growth spurts are common and you can't remember anything because you haven't slept much!THis has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but I REALLY wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be AM and the right PM.
I was having problems remembering how much she was eating, whether she was sleeping better or not.
This helped me keep track of those things and more.
I could look back and see if there were any changes in her eating habits - it wasI started using it like a little journal that my daughter can see when she's older.
I kept notes about her moods, what she did during the day.
I was able to keep up with it for about 3 weeks...and then it fell by the wayside.
Very helpful when nursing and even when you move on to a bottle.
This is a great book to have during your first month of having a baby.
I used this book religiously for a month.
After that, I just stored it into my newborn box.
The print on each page is a light grey, so trying to journal diapers, bottles, meds in the middle of the night is a challenge.
It is detailed in slots to make notes and I would prefer a journal that does not take space for breast-feeding if one chooses formula only.
It's also a great way to keep track of which side baby nursed on.
I took this to all infant doc appt.
And it's a great gift!Please, please take this to the hospital with you- you'll thank me later.
We did, but it stayed in the suitcase for 2 days because we were SO &#34;out of it&#34; dealing with my c-section,, etc.
We were also using an iPhone app that proved more annoying than useful.
Whenever a nurse or pediatrician walked in the room, we couldn't find which paper scrap we'd written it on.
Once we started using the baby tracker, we could see easily all the info in one page, quickly update it and keep us on top of things like expected time of next feeding, etc.
I carry it around the house with baby, and my husband can add entries using the same format- no more trying to rely on memory to see baby's needs and patterns.
Can't recommend enough!I find this tracker very useful.
I've been using it for my now 3mo son.
I keep it by my chair where I nurse him, so I can stay on top of jotting things down.
It has helped figure out his sleeping and eating patterns - great!This has been my go to for my scheduling of my twins.
They are four months old now and I have their care givers fill this in when they can.
That way I have an idea of the schedule they are developing.
Columns for diaper changes, amount feed, comments, etc.
The time intervals are :30 minutes seems adequate, though sometimes I wish it was a bit more detailed.
Also would have liked a ribbon or movable tab/page to keep track of what page in the log book we are at.
All in all, it does what is advertised and keeps us sane on what was done/changed when.While I love the app on my phone (Baby ESP) for my husband and I-- it's not realistic for someone filling in to download the app.
Our parents, who frequently watch our baby, have yet to embrace the app world.So, we use this on days when we have help.
It keeps track of everything the doctor will ask you.
(How many poop diapers, how many pee diapers, how often are you feeding, how often is he sleeping, what's his schedule like).
There was sufficient space for notes I didn't think, but all in all it was nice to have everything laid out.
Before my baby was born, I purchased this and figured it's a nice-to-have item.I didn't realize until the first day home from the hospital how I would be RELYING on this simple, but easily organized log book.
When you are sleep deprived and learning everything for the first time, you don't know which way is up or down sometimes.
This book is a life-saver.
(I bought a second one after the 3 months one was done.
)I used it to keep track of diaper changes and what kind (pee/poop), naps, and how long my baby nursed on each side.
I also wrote notes for each day so I could see a history of reactions/milestones.
It's also great for care-takers too, especially when they are picking up for an hour or two when you run out.Please get this for anyone you know who is expecting a baby and they will thank you!
It was so helpful to keep track of feedings and diaper changes in those early, sleep-deprived days.
Would definitely recommend and will likely purchase again for our next baby.Perfect way to keep track of the day for a little one-- this journal allows for detailed tracking of milk intake, diapers, sleep, and activity.
without something like this by our sides 24 hours a day.
It is laid out very well and easy to read/understand when handing off care from parent to parent (or whoever).
You can keep track of anything your baby does, from eating and sleeping and diapering to all the other things they do like first smile and first laugh.
I only wish that instead of being 3 months it would be longer, like 6 months or even 1 year.
I would definitely recommend for the first months of your baby's life.I loved this tracker so much, I bought several more and used for the entire first year.
It's a great way to see a new infants progression toward feeding and sleeping schedules.
In the sleep deprived first weeks it was so helpful in keeping track of diaper count, feeding sides,  etc.
I just purchased again for new baby's arrival.
He loves to move the ladder on the fire truck up and down.
They like to roll them around as well as nesting them.
The only thing that could be improved is for there to be 5 cars.
4 is just kind of a random number to teach a young child to count to.Both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.
They also love cars.
So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.
They both love these cars!
All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.)
&amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.
Ours have been scooted across the floor, cat's tail, into walls, you name it and they've always come back for more.
When she was sitting we played the &quot;Mummy stack them, Baby knock them down&quot; game and &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; with the smaller colours under the bigger cars.
They proved to be a favourite for pushing around the floor as she was crawling and something to chew on (especially the small green one) when she was teething.
At 2, she still sometimes gets them out of the toy box to stack and knock over.
She is now teaching her baby sister the stack and knock over game!
Great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.
Good value!These are a huge hit with my one year old son.
We received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.
He started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.
They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.
We've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.
When he does get hold of them, exploring the ladder on the fire truck develops his fine motor skills too, and he like chewing on all of them and shaking the rattly little one!
He'll probably soon be able to work the sun roof.
It will be a stacking toy later too!
Great value for money...We bought these trucks for our 15 mo.
old daughter and 4 mo.
old son- We love them!
They are nesting which is fun for our daughter to look underneath the trucks to find the next one or they can stack one on top of the other to make a tower.
Perfect first trucks!
They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
(The nesting feature is great for storage too).
Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
His aunt got him these.
What a hit!
I am amazed at how long my son will play with these!For well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars.
They have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new.
Fun to stack, fun to roll.
They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
(The nesting feature is great for storage too).
Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
The pieces are all attached and each page has a cute activity.
Several things though--1.
If you sew you can make one that is more directed to your child.
And if you sew you will realize this is very over priced.2.
Since I don't know how to sew, I visited Etsy to see if I could buy one from that site.
I couldn't believe the prices!
I found this and ordered it for my three kids (9 mos, 2 years, and 3 years), and they all love it.
My 20 month old struggles with several of the items, such as the shoe laces and snaps.
But he loves the zipper and the Velcro shapes and the other pages give him a great way to learn and practice.
Overall it's an item that he can grow into and it's super cute!my 3 and 4 year old love this book.
You can show your baby shapes, teach her how to use buttons, zipper and snaps, tie a shoe and tell time.
My baby is too young for most of these activities at this time, but she already loves to play with this book.
I think he will have years of fun with this book.
It provides several activities, which will help him practice skills he will be learning.
Can't wait to give it to him!
Thanks.Bought for 1yr old son bc his molars were coming in - it's cute, colorful but my son didn't seem to like it.My son loves to chew on things and is still awaiting his first tooth.
His older brother had the strawberry vibrating teether but I prefer this one because it doesn't look so feminine and it is also less expensive.This teether is ridiculous.
Not worth the money, in my opinion.My son loves this.
It took him a few tries to get the hang of it but its real simple for him to use.
When he bites it and it vibrates, he starts laughing and the tears disappear.While I sort of wish I could change the batteries in these things instead of buying a new one when it dies (my little guy HAS to have it vibrate), this was a life saver for me when both my kids (one 4 years and one 6 months) were/are teething.
And for my youngest, it's just about the only thing that works.This was a favorite as soon as my son figured out that when he would bite it, it would vibrate.
Handle is great to put links around also to attach it to stroller or carseat!My daughter likes this one.
She especially loves the rattle at the end and the vibrating motion.
I believe this is for babies that are a little more older.
it has just the right amount of vibration and it triggered easily enough where she can activate it herself with little effort.
It is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.
I think baby gives it 5 stars!!
So unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us, they do not appear to be replaceable.Great toy for teething!
My daughter finds this very interesting especially when it gently vibrates and massages her gums.
It didn't take her long to press down with her front teeth to activate the massaging action.
She's enjoyed this just about everyday since we got it about 3 months ago.
No issues with it!
Husband is a drummer and got him obsessed with the tapping even when he is drinking out of his bottle my baby will try to tap the bottle with his hands to feel the vibration.
!thought would be a great idea for my almost 1 y/o...however, she really doesn't like it.
perhaps if i knew about it/introduced it to her when she was smaller she would be more apt to use it...she does like the rattle aspect of it and i vibrate her tummy, lol.
Next to Sophie the giraffe this is his favorite.
I.
His gums, but he does enjoy biting into it a lot!This is a great teether.
It is very easy for the little one to stimulate the vibrating action, making it a huge hit!This product sucks.
The handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide.
It also takes a lot of force to get it to vibrate and that took a while for my daugher to figure out, at first I had to hold down one of the corners for her while she chewed on the other.
But don't get me wrong she loved it when she was itty bitty she just needed a little help from mommy.I like this product a lot, but was very excited to receive it to apply on my 5 month old who is starting the whole teething process... the product vibrates great, the colors are attractive to her, and as soon as she sees it its the first thing she wants to grab.
However, its a little heavy for her and in order to make it vibrate I have to hold it because it requires more strength than her tiny mouth has at the moment.
easy to hold on to, can easily hook (Via rings or carabiner) to a diaper bag etc.
Both my kids loved it while teething.Our son's occupational therapist recommended this for our aggressive teether.
She thought he was using teething as a way to stimulate and calm himself.
He was first more fascinated with spinning the bottom part and chewing on that but after 4 months of having it, he has now switched and loves the rubber/vibrating part.
I don't know what I would do without this one, I think it is a must have!
Cute toy snd she seems to like it even when it isn't in her mouth.This toy was our go-to when my daughter was teething.
When her two year molars started coming in we got it back out for her and she still loved it.
We will definitely be buying another one for our next baby!Both my daughters loved this teether.
The battery hasn't run out yet though.
But now, he can do it.
Now, he's able to see the cause and effect of using this.
I like that.
When he finally did, the battery gave out nearly the same day.
The battery would work in short spurts after a rest but I wouldn't waste my money on it again.Bought this based on the reviews.
My daughter is an early teether at 3 months old.
This has allot to do with her age.
I have to hold one of the corners for her to activate the vibration.
She LOVES it, I only wish it had an on/off switch so I didn't have to hold it for her.
This massaging teether does keep her busy in the car seat though.My baby loves the vibrations on his teeth.
He also shakes it like a rattle.
I would say it's more a fun toy to chew on and not actually providing teething reliefI've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones.
The vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interesting.I thought this would be great for my teething baby, but the vibration freaks him out.
He wants nothing to do with it.
It appears to be well-made.Both of my kids have loved this during the teething stage.
Bit it seemed like a cool idea.
Passed it on.If I can recommend one teether to buy for your teething baby, it would be this one.
The vibration made it fun and it took the edge off for my little guy.
Great product and it has lasted despite being thrown all around.My friend recommended this teether because her daughter loves it.
However, my daughter loves throwing it on the floor.
It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.
Overall, a winnerI have two and the batteries haven't died which I find impressive.
These are well made.
A year later, my son still likes these and likes the green spinner on the end a lot.We bought multiples of these, just so we'd have them.
It vibrates while our little 9-month-old bites on it!
Definitely worth the money.The product is great.
I would push down the edges to make it vibrate and hold it against my baby's gums and he seemed to like it.
Having said that, when we do hold it for them, they love it and want to gnaw on it for at least 15 minutes or so.
Also, it is different from other teethers in that when they are done using it, they don't seem like they are still in pain and need to go gnaw on something else.
Such a soothing gift.
Its lasted a year now with no issue or wear and tear.My daughter loves to chew on both ends of this teething aid.
I would recommend this teething aid if you're looking for a vibrating teether.A favorite in our house!I had this very teether for my twin boys 8 years ago and they absolutely loved it.
So, when my new baby started teething, I sought out the same teether.
I was surprised when it arrived and the packaging stated that the product is, "safety tested" for BPA, lead, and phthalates.
As a former regulator (of medical devices) I am very sensitive about company labeling and statements.
Perhaps too much so.
And, though someone on this site indicated that a representative from the company TOLD them it was BPA free, I'm still skeptical.
:(I bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs, on the recommendation of her occupational therapist.
It sooths her like nothing else.
We put it in her mouth and she immediately relaxes and even falls asleep with it.
Unfortunately, from all that use, they don't even last a week in our house.
I'm still buying more.My son has had this teether since he was 3 months old.
The reason I bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up.
Other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye.
Overall, it's an OK toy for the price.My daughter is 6 mo and loves these.
Just dont kneel in them!
The star has rounded edges.
So far so good.This is a great toy for teething babies!
The size is just right for them to actually hold on to it too.
its more like a teething ring than a necklace, though.
As another reviewer pointed out, if your child chews on the pointy edge of the star it can be very painful.
I have thrown this necklace out after having to pull off the road last week when my child screamed suddenly in the back of the car and was then crying hysterically.I was skeptical at first about 'babywearing', I tried it once as a joke with this sling that was given to me and fell in love.
It was one of the only places besides the breast that my daughter would fall asleep consistently for the fist 4 months or so.
So I agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you.
She sits on my hip and watches me do the dishes or fold laundry.
Although it was adjustable I think for my next child I'll try a sling that comes in sizes.I got this carrier before my son was born.
I was a nanny and have tried many carriers with babies of various sizes.
I have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old.
It is also very bulky.
It doesn't even fit in an empty diaper bag.
I had seen several mothers use these before, and the nurse in our childbirth class raved about it.
I was so excited when I received it as a gift.I started using this with my son when he was just a week old.
The last time I used this, the shoulder strap got so close to my neck that it started to interfere with my circulation.I'm glad I had this for the grocery store, but I think with my next child, I'm going to have to rethink what kind of carrier I use.I bought this because of all the wonderful things I heard about slings.
It doesn't cut across the back like the front packs can.
I had tried from day one to carry her in this.
She screams.
My child hardly ever cries and when I say she screams, I mean turns red and screams.
As soon as I take her out she is fine.
Now that she is older I can carry her like a front pack, but quite honestly, the front pack is just easier.
I wanted to use the sling because I nurse and I should have been able to nurse her while we were out.
My friend has this and loves it.
Her baby cooperates.
She has carried him in it since she brought him home from the hospital.
She can nurse him while walking.
When my daughter gets older I plan on using it to carry her on my hip.
I watched the video and you can use it to help with back support while you carry your child on your hip.
I will stick with the traditional front pack.
He was actually crying the first time we put him in it this way, and stopped immediately.
At our Babies R Us many were just in plastic bags (returns?)
without the book and video.
They are a must.
Slings keep the baby in more natural positions.I love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material.
Definitely worth the price.fitted co-sleeper sheet, exactly like the one that came with the original bed.
no shrinking in wash. shipped fast.
will again in other colors.I ordered this as a spare for my original Co-Sleeper.
Can't imagine what those are for.
That or my Co-Sleeper is on the older side and there have been design changes since.Overall, quality product.The color is a close match.
I would recommend to anyone who purchased the co-sleeper so you can change the sheet after spit upsI purchased a total of 4 of these, thinking I needed to change the bedding constantly due to spit up.The instructions said to hang dry only so I thought I needed more to get through the week.
It turns out I can just toss it in the dryer and put it right back on the mattress.Had I known I didn't need to hang dry, I wouldn't have purchased any extra and just went with the 2 they gave me when I purchased the cosleeper.The material is average, nothing special.
It holds up well to lots of washes and uses.The shipping was quick.
I purchased five sheets to go with the co-sleeper I bought her for their first baby.
Looking at it the contents looks okay, but we will see when the my son in law puts it together.My daughter loves this but like others have said it doesn't fit on the Graco Quattro Travel System.
I have gotten it to work but sometimes it gets in the way of latching the snack tray on the front.
I still love it and so does my daughter.it's bright and colorful, and is great for babies who are starting to reach for things.
i don't think it was worth $15 though.
Wonderful product!my daughter loves this for the past four months (she is 9 months now).
Still will play with it.
Due to this my first one came un-sewed and I had to buy another one and the same thing happened again.I received this as a gift, unforutnately it didn't fit on our stroller (pretty standard Graco Travel System) or on our carseat (either our Grace or our Marathon) and so it was pretty useless.We have/had a Graco Quattro and a MetroLite stroller and This doesn't fit on either one!!
It was a complete waste of money!
great product!This is a fantastic product.
It has a lot of room to store the dirty diapers, and yet there is little to no smell.
You know when it's full because the plunger won't go down all the way, and you can't return the handle to the other position.
When you take the garbage bag out, you can tell just how much smell you'd be in for with any other container.
I also like that you can use whatever garbage bags you want with this, instead of having to buy special ones.
I love it!
It is very easy to use and keeps the diapers away from little hands.
It has a large capacity and cuts back on frequent trips to the trash can.
I keep a stick on air freshner in the bottom and it helps with lingering smells.
Also no expensive refills to buy!
Read my new review.
It absolutely reeks after 16 months.
[for laughs, I will leave the old review here]We originally got the diaper champ because it was a locking container that could accomodate cloth diapers.
This takes any mid-sized household trash bag.
*2) Effectively controls odors.
However, sometimes you have to brace yourself before opening the cover and tying off the bag.
That smell can bowl you over.
Many of the "grown-ups" in my world can't help but tinker with whatever new items are placed before them.
I'm thrilled they can't figure out how to open the DC.
I'll definitely be first in line for the Diaper Champ robot.Before my first child was born, I was all set to buy the Diaper Genie but then a friend told me about the Diaper Champ.
So I went out and bought it along with a big box of tall kitchen bags.
My son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great.
It is in the nursery and there is no smell at all.
I am usually very sensitive about any bad smells, and so is my mom but even she couldnt smell any odors.
So far this has been a great product.
Hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get REALLY smelly!
!I love the Diaper Champ!
I have no problems with odor at all.
And you don't have to buy or use special, expensive bags!
Any trash bag will work and it's great.
I like the odor shield bags and they work like a charm.
Easy to use one handed!!
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.I bought this primarily because it takes regular trash bags, we used it the way it's supposed to be used for the first couple of days but quickly discovered that as the pail gets full the dropping mechanism gets stuck forcing you to clean out the mechanism whenever it's time to change the pail, and it's one more thing to wipe down if a diaper gets too messy.
Now I lift the whole lid and toss the diaper in, this allows me to keep tabs on how full it's getting and squeeze in a few extra that the mechanism wouldn't have allowed... and still trap the smell!
Of course this negates the cool mechanism and makes it a plastic trash can with a tight lid, something I could have bought for cheaper.I love this product...  My sister in law has a baby 4 months older than my daughter, and she has a diaper genie.
She is stuck having to buy the special cartridges.
So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.
My mother in law almost always has problems with the Diaper Genie at my sister in laws house... she ends up cutting the bags.
The Diaper Champ is hands down the winner!!!
!Diaper Champ is great.
I just live it!!!
It is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can SAFELY keep the other one on your baby.
It's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!!
There were no smell problems AT ALL until about 18months - 2years old, well "hello - diet change produces stinkier diapers".
Makes sense.
.
but still use it for wet diapers.
It's simple to use, can take any garbage bag, and does a fantastic job of containing odors.
It's wasteful!
(I know the simple solution is to buy smaller bags, but I feel the product should accomodate the most common household garbage bag -- the "tall kitchen bags" -- and do it efficiently.
The whole point of getting the Diaper Champ was so that we wouldn't have to buy separate bags for it!
)I like the Diaper Champ.
I empty it once a week, when it is time for trash pick-up.
I like the fact of using regular trash bags instead of having to buy special bags.
I do wipe it down a couple of times a month.
I have also put in a box of baking soda to help absorb the odors inside.
It is very easy to drop in your dirty diapers.I've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).
I love this diaper pail!
My favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).
My 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.
Even then, these odors can be minimized with a bit of baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of the pail.Although I debate the necessity of ANY diaper pail, this one receives 5 stars from me!In registering and purchasing products for my baby, I did a lot of research.
This included reading reviews, asking friends (lots) about products that did and didn't work for them, and actually trying to use some of the products.
In fact in one circle of friends the Diaper Genie was re-gifted about four times b/c they were simply trying to get rid of it.
The diaper champ uses regular kitchen bags.
Toddlers eat solids, their poop smell very adult like!
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.Works great!
NO smells and holds lot of diapers.
Uses standard kitchen bags!
What a great product!So far we love our Diaper Champ.
We use plastic trash bags from Target, we pay I think $4 for 100 bags.
It's a deal and works great.
I could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this one.i refused to buy the genie for the simple reason of i didnt want to be bothered with refills and i read that it clogged.
it is most excellent at keeping the foulest of stenches out.
and i love that i dont have to buy those EXPENSIVE refills.
just use the bags you have in your kitchen!
easy to replace when full and it just works!!
!I love these pails so much that we have two of them doing diaper duty!!
It's odorless, effortless, and holds many diapers!
A great invention!
!I bought this pail before my son was born.
First we bought the Safety 1st Odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it.
I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use.
My husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all.
Now that we have this one, he loves it.
No twisting till your wrist breaks.
At first we were using scented trashbags, but I've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well.
I change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags.
My son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers.
All in all it's been a great buy.I have three children.
My second child I didn't get any.
I did dump a little deoderizer tablet in it.
It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
I did like that you can use any kind of bag with it.I love the Diaper Champ...you don't have the need for expensive refills and there is very little odor.
The main odor is revealed when it is time to change the bag.
You almost want to change the bag outside!
I find that if I keep a small air freshener in the bottom, it does help...(like one for a car).
So easy to use, definitely recommend!!
I use normal 10-gallon trash bags from Target.
No complaints at all!
Very easy to use and seriously, you do not smell any poopy diapers!We bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the Diaper Genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags.
I love that you can use trash bags.
For one, when the Champ is full the trash bag is a bit more then half full, but is also very heavy so you wouldn't want anymore diapers in there anyway.
It took two hands and a foot securing the bottom of the can to the floor to get the drum to turn.
After a third trip to the store we finally found a Diaper Champ that works.
Yes, it was made in China.I highly recommend this product for several reasons:1) You do not have to buy bag refills.
You can use regular trash bags which cuts down on additional spending.
The trash bag is also very easy to take out and to put in.2) Traps in stinky diaper odor.
You just put the diaper into the slot and turn the handle, the plunger pushes the diaper into the bag.My husband and I decided to get this one over the Diaper Genie because like most people, we didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
We went to Costco and bought a big thing of garbage bags to use that seems to be lasting us FOREVER.
No odor or anything.
Extremely easy to use, no assembly required.At only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.
We have the diaper champ in his bedroom and it's been great so far.
It's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
One recommendation - get a can of Lysol and spray the diaper champ down when you change the bag.
Overall, I love this diaper pail and would buy it again in a hearbeat!We've been using the Diaper Champ for about 4 months now, and have had NO problems whatsoever!
We bought a box of Hefty Trash Bags with that odor patch to use in the Champ and we change the bag about 2-3 times a week, and we've have had no problems with smell.
I usually wipe the Champ off with a Clorox Wipe each time I change the bag, but my husband decided to take apart the Champ a few weeks ago to give it a thorough cleaning with some bleach water, and he mentioned that the gaskets were looking worn out.
So, I called Baby Trend (Diaper Champ manufacturer) and they sent me to two new gaskets and two new piston rings (which I didn't even ask for) for FREE!
The customer service rep. even told me to call and request more gaskets and rings when we notice that the new ones start to wear out, usually after about 6 months.
No need for deodorizers.I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty...even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
We absolutely love it.
We have used it for three months now and have had no problems with smells of any kind.
Best of all, you can use any kind of bag, including reused plastic grocery bags!I had checked into all of the pails before I had my little girl.
I heard great things about all of them, but wanted what would be most cost effective for us.
When we decided on the diaper champ, we won!1.
No refills to every buy.
you can use a standard trash bag and you don't have to spend the extra money for those refills.2.
I empty mine once a week on trash day and it is full.
No stinky smells in my home.
Even though my daughter is only 2 months old, she has some of THE stinkiest diapers I have ever smelt!
Since those stinky diapers camp out in there for a week, it needs to be freshened up every now and then.Verdict:Get the champ....it will save you tons in the long run!!
!This is one of the things I can't live without.
Using regular garbage bags is a huge money saver and there is plenty of room for tons of diapers!
Plus it can also be used as a trash can!you can use any ol' bag with this.
go to the dollar store and get some of those kitchen bags.
they fit it perfectly.
you put the diaper in the hold in the top, turn the handle, and pop.
byebye poopy diaper!
we only need to change the bag once a week.
I was first drawn to it because no special bags were needed.
This item is a MUST HAVE!!
!The diaper champ is such a great product.
I love that I can use regular trash bags with it.
I only have to empty the bag once every 2 weeks (since most of the diaper changes happen downstairs).
!I have used this for 11 months and I love it.
What we did was after the baby started having odor in his #2s we bought some of those diaper bags from dollar tree (100 for $1) and put the dirty diapers in those little bags.
So easy!
And I use regular kitchen garbage bags in it, so no special bags to buy.I did research when I was registering before the baby and looked at all of the other diaper pails and this one was the one that came out ahead.
I am glad I researched it because I am very happy with it!I love my Diaper Champ.
My son is 3 months old and we have had a great experience with it.
It's simple to use and is cost efficient.
The biggest plus to this diaper pail is that you can use any plastic bag you want.
Once a week I soak it with Lysol and water to keep germs away.
what sold me on this diaper pail vs. the others, is that this one takes ANY plastic bag you want to put in it, meaning grocery bags, trash bags... nothing fancy.
as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags.
no complaints from me on this diaper pail.I love this product.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is b/c I use cloth diapers and diaper covers, and it doesn't have a whole lot of room for this type of diapers.
That seems to say alot!And the best part is that its cheapest over the long run... no special bags to buy... what a pain that seems to me.
Get over it.
This pail is fantastic.
We use it for our dogs' poop bags, and line it with Ruffies scented trash bags (we use vanilla, they also have lavender, and they are cheap).
I own the genie and served us well.
But when I had the chance to use this product at Babies R Us store, I was so impressed.
It's very easy to use, and it seals out the odor as well.
Too bad, the champ came late, or we should have gotten this instead.This contains the smell and it uses regular bags which makes it the best product in its category.
It's so much easier just to throw the soiled diaper in a regular garbage bag and take the trash out often.
way cheaper than others.
AND it's super easy to use and you don't have to buy bag refills.
Need I say more?The Champ is the ultimate in Diaper disposal.
We tried the Diaper Genie and found it to be a hassle and more expense than we wanted (2 sets of refills every month).
The Diaper Champ uses regular trash bags (we like the scented 13 gallon bags by Ruffies) and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate!
The diaper falls into the belly of the champ and that's it!
No twisting, shoving or cutting like the Genie.
I just didn't like the idea of a diaper disposal with blades in my nursery.
The thought that someday she might get into the pail and possibly be cut on the sharp blades used for separating the bags - was frightening!
Ease of use.
Takes regular garbage bags (saves money!).
Great capacity (empty it out once in 7 days or so).
Sturdy.
One suggestion to the manufacturer--the blue piece that holds the bag in place--perhaps the mouth of this could be made bigger so that an 8 gallon trash bag actually fills up completely before you need to take it out.
Right now, it's only about 1/2 to 2/3 full before we have to remove it.We orignially registered for and received the Diaper Genie and had problems with it from the day our son came home from the hospital.
When he was three days old my husband took it back to the the store and announced that he was coming home with the Diaper Champ.
We LOVE it!!!
The fact that it uses regular garbage bags is a huge advantage and we have never had any problems with the smell.
.
.impressive considering some of the dirty diapers I have seen my son produce.
He is now six months old and the Champ works as well as it did when we purchased it.
In addition, it's very easy to use.
Couldn't be simpler.
We love this product so much that when I see people at the store looking at the Diaper Genie vs. the Champ I will go up to them and tell them to select the Diaper Champ.This is a great pail.
It originally appealed to me because of the cost benefit of using any old plastic bag.
We buy the generic tall kitchen bags.
We soon found that another benefit is that you only have to change the bag every 6 or 7 days!
Its great to be able to use any kind of trash bag you want with it.
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
Highly recommend this.Diaper Champ works great!
You can use your regular garbarge bags with it.
It's so easy to use.
I didn't have any problems with odors til my daughter got older than 12 months.
Once she started eating more "real" foods, her diapers became much smellier.
She's now 19 months and the Champ is still a Champ.
We empty it a little more frequently now than we used to because of her smellier diapers, but I think it's a great product!I purchased this diaper pail after struggling for several months with the Diaper Genie.
The handle system fascinates  little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears,  which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keys.Easy to use, easy to clean, cheaper to use, not bad-looking either.
Any plastic shopping bag will work in this diaper pail.
This is a specially designed garbage can to hold human feces.
Mine certainly isn't.
But alas, I am lazy.
So when I do change the bag, I also spray some lysol.
Works for me.
I like it that you just have to flip the handle for the diaper to go bye bye.When I first got the product, I really hurt my finger trying to open the thing.
My favorite thing is that you can use any plastic sack store bag.
Either way her room does have the smell of dirty diapers when you enter and the "Champ" is in the back corner of the room.
I guess I'm just grateful that the whole house doesn't smell as bad as her room.Stay away from the other brands that require special refill bags.
What a waste of money!
I can't imagine why anyone would want to constantly buy expensive refills for a diaper pail, when a simple trash bag is all you need.As for the "smell" issue.
And regardless of brand, ANY DIAPER PAIL WILL NEED TO BE EMPTIED ON A REGULAR BASIS.
I had to explain to her that it wasn't a "magic pail", it was still just a covered trash bin.
(honestly, how did she raise 2 kids?...)
(I know that's mostly because he's responsibile for those diapers now, but it's still a great product!)
There isn't a bag-changing smell with Diaper Champ, because the diapers do get some air when the top is flipped to add a diaper.
Letting it get too full and leaving it too long may contribute to odor issues, too.Not having to buy special bags saves us lots of time, hassle, and money.I do have one friend who "retired" hers to the back porch because of odor.
We've been using it for almost 15 months now and still love it!
We save $$ on those expensive diaper genie refills AND it works great.
We put wet diapers in a seperate trash can (because they don't smell) and so we only put dirty diapers in the Diaper Champ so we only have to change the bag once a week and IT DOES NOT SMELL!!
:-D  I'd recommend this to anyone!This product was silly to me until my husband insisted me to put on up on my baby registry.
I thought it would be silly to just throw away dirty diapers in there where I could just throw it in the trash can to save money.
Then again, it was very useful since I have it next to the changing table.
One, its holds seal tight of no smell in the baby bedroom.
Two, no mess.
Three, its very easy to use (all you need is to roll the handle back to dump the diaper and there it goes with a section for your next diaper).
But now I'm saying it stinks.
Such a hastle right?
I think so, so I am going to recomment this item from great diaper champ to NOT SO GREAT DIAPER CHAMP.
It's good only for wet diapers not DIRTY DIAPERS!
The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
I can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
No odors have escaped the pail in 3 months.
They can rip out the filter that keeps the odors inside.
Baby Trend will expect you to send the pail and the original receipt back to them for repairs if the filter comes out.
The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
Probably any diaper pail will do until your child is about six months old, and then none will work that great.
Our Diaper Champ has reached its limit, and we are going to buy another one.Why another Champ, when it still lets out smells?
All diaper pails smell!!
Every mother of a two-year-old that I know is going to drastic lengths to air out their pail, no matter what brand they bought.
The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.This is another great baby purchase.
When I brought it home, my husband laughed at me and said that it was just a "gadgety" baby thing that we didn't need.
I use it for the wet diapers and it's fine.
I use the scented bags for the poopie diapers and throw them away in my regular garabage that gets taken out every day.
Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
The big blue round part on the side broke off for some reason and it wouldn't go back on.
I ended up using masking tape to hold it on.
I have three complaints, the first is that you can only use about half the trash bag because of the way it dumps them in there which is kinda a waste.
The last is that it's top heavy when you open it up to put in the bag so you have to manuever it to put the bag in so it doesn't fall over but it can be done.
That's the only time it smells though.
These minor details wouldn't make me change my mind.
Now our baby is 1 month old &amp; I've never smelled a poopy diaper (and we formula feed) in our nursery which is in our master bedroom.
We are both clean-addicts &amp; love this product.
(NO EXPENSIVE REFILLS NEEDED!!!)
We empty it twice per week &amp; have NO ODOR problems!Update at 7mos(July04): We managed to get BabiesRUs to let us exchange the DiaperChamp for a DiaperGenie and we were equally dissapointed with it too.
DiaperChamp was great until about 3 mos.
&amp; then just smelled all the time.
I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.
Dissapointing - wish it worked!Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
As my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.
My son is 9 months old and we have NO SMELL PROBLEMS!!!
!ABSOLUTELY NO ODORS!!
I have a beagle who completely ignores the diaper champ, will eat out of every other garbage can in the house, but ignores the champ.
a bit of a struggle as diapers get bigger, but totally worth the money!!!
also, a bit of a pain to clean...either outside with the hose or in the tub.
No refills and odor free..can't beat that!
Don't waste your time or money on the other ones.
The Diaper Genie is way too complicated.
It's a trash can so it should be simple.
I shouldn't have to read directions on how to use it!
Why spend money on special trash bags?
I like the cheap roll of scented trash bags for like $2.00.
They work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changes.My girlfriend recommended the diaper champ over the diaper genie so I put it on my registry.
It certainly seems to contain the odors.
It's great that it uses regular garbage bags - no expensive refill bags to purchase.
Also, when it's time to change the bag, wear a nose plug.Diaper Champ works well for me.
I use tall kitchen trash bags.
It allows for quick and easy disposal of diapers, wipes, etc.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
It works well to bundle the diapers into compact little bundles and use the velcro to seal the bundles before you put it in the diaper hole.
Overall, we are very satisfied.I spent a lot of time researching diaper pails before I actually bought one.
Now, owning one myself, I agree.
I don't have any problems with oders (uless I'm changing out the bag) and I don't have to spend tons of money on the refill bags.
You will be suprised how many diapers you change and how quickly the cost of those refills add up!
My son is now 3 months old and we are still on our first box of kitchen sized trash bags....I have two very small complaints which is why I didn't give the Diaper Champ 5 stars.
First, I think that it could have been made a little larger so you wouldn't have to change the bags as often.
Second, you have to be VERY careful when changing out the bags.
It probably happens to everyone at least once.
Then a diaper snagged this foam material in the head part, so I pulled the rest of the foam out.
Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement.
It works great.
I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because I change him so often downstairs.
When it came down to it, I couldn't make myself spend the extra money for something that needed expensive refills.
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
Let's face it, babies are expensive and whenever you can save $ you should!!
I think it is great!This is a great product!
You can also put the diaper in it using only 1 hand!
I gave it 4 stars only since 'once in a while' if the bag is very full, I may notice a slight smell.
No mess, no smell.
(It's only 100ft to the garbage  shoot outside the apartment).
Besides you baby will probably poop only 1-2 times /day.I initially planned to get a Diaper Genie.
We live in an apartment and have the Champ set up in his bedroom.
We use scented Glad bags to help mask the odor, which helps.
I don't know how it will perform when I switch my son to formula and when he starts solids, so I give the Champ 4 stars.
I mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula.
I couldn't picture myself yelling to hubby, "Honey, I know you have sixty other things to get...can you also pick up refills for the diaper pail?
"The Champ works great.
We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
*holds the odor in nicely!
(every now and then I spray down the inside of the pail with Lysol)*easy one-hand use*impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers OUT of the pailEvery now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
Spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
I originally chose this one, because it doesn't use costly refills.
When you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside.
You'll quickly see just how well it locks the odors in.Yes, it does develop a smell after a while.
We keep an air purifier in front of the diaper champ and that solves any strong smells when we don't empty it out on a regular basis.If you don't want to spend the money on the diaper champ, try a regular diaper pail with a lid.
These are if you are looking for cheaper alternative.
I would buy one of these over the Diaper Genie or Diaper Dekor.I still give it 4 stars.
Everyone has kitchen trash bags that can be used with the Champ or regular grocery bags could be put to use.
It is enough of a detterent.
You get the hang of it.I admit when I was an expecting father one of my concerns was diaper changing, mostly because of the odors (anyone with me on this one?)
As much as the odors won't go away during changing time, they do -as a matter of fact- dissapear once you throw the dirty diaper in the Diaper Champ.
Put it in the top hole, roll the top with the handle, in the diaper goes and bye-bye to all odor!As if this were not already great, there's a big plus to this product, when you compare it to its biggest competitor, the Diaper Genie by Playtex.
Although this one costs $5 the first time around, it won't require special bags as the Genie does, which cost $15 per set... this one takes your standard Glad bags you can get in Costco, BJs, Sam's or your local supermarket, so rejoice!
Its the easiest to use!
I purchases this diaper pail in its place and i loooove it!
No more refills, it uses the same bags as my kitchen garbage!
And it holds alot more!
I only have to empty it like once a week as oppsed to every other day with the diaper genie.
This is worth the few extra buck because you arnt spending 5 more bucks every othe rweek for refills!
I have a bunch of poopy diapers in mine and you cant even smell them!
and i love the fact that you dont have to open it to put a diaper in so i can do it one handed.
And with the diaper genie i noticed that the smell would leak out a bit when you opened the top.
It is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!
I would definatly recommend this product to anyone looking to buy a diaper pail!!!!
No smells at all!
No down side, all pluses here!
Especially no special bags to buy.
And when your child is out of diapers, you can use it as a regular trash can to put food or pet waste in.I like the fact that you don't have to purchase brand-name insert for this product, but can use any garbage bag.
IT'S WONDERFULL!!
I hear so many people complaining about the smell and I have to say they're nuts!
(no offense)My son is now 5 1/2 months old and is nursing but also eats most solids including table foods when were out at a restaurant.
They've got to be doing something wrong.Oh and the unit does need to be cleaned...if you get a big blow out diaper like babies are known to do, and you get poop on the pail, it does need to be wiped off.
This is a must have for any new parent!I love the fact that you don't need a specific bag, and a cheap garbage bag is enough.
But it doesn't keep smells in at all.
I didn't realize I was buying a large one either, so even though it's far from full you have to take the gab out.
But it's just the nature of garbage.It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
The only time I've ever noticed a smell is when you leave the poopy diapers in the pail too long.Love it!I LOVE THIS PRODUCT!
MY HUSBAND AND I CHOSE TO USE CLOTH DIAPERS ON OUR SON AND THIS WORKS GREAT FOR HOLDING THEM UNTIL THEY GET WASHED.
WE NEVER NOTICE A SMELL COMING FROM IT.
WE ALSO LOVE THAT IT USES REGULAR TRASH BAGS RATHER THAN NEEDING SPECIAL BAGS.
IT HAS BEEN A REALLY GREAT PRODUCT FOR US AND WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO IS CLOTH DIAPERING THEIR BABY.We registered for the diaper champ mostly based on the reviews and the fact that no special bags were needed.
We use the odor guard trash bags but I doubt it has much effect (it doesn't in the kitchen anyway).
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
Would definitely recommendTHis is the only one I have ever used, and i have to say I LIKE IT!
It is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute.
I did notice now that my daughter is 15 months her poop is stonger and i dont put those in there, due to the smell.
We empty it out about 2 times per week and only when we open the lid to take the trash bag out do we smell anything.
No complaints about the Diaper Champ, especially since it is so easy on the pocket-book compared to the rest of the diaper pails out there.The Diaper Champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!I love this product.
You can use any regular trash bag.
So far we have noticed NO odors.
It is easy to use.
It fills up somewhat quickly, but you can make it last longer by wrapping diapers tightly before placing in the champ.
The price is very affordable as well.We started with the Diaper Genie as most new parents do.
The "new" design still needs lots of improvement!
We decided we had to have something so we started researching.
We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
There is also no trick to it.
No spinning it or anyhting!
However...the thing REALLY stinks!!
Someone gave me the Neat diaper disposal system for my baby shower & I absolutely loved it.
However, the handle broke on it just 2 weeks ago.
I see why this thing got 4 stars--all of these parents have young children!!
My daughter is 14 months old & because she is older, I guess her diapers come with more odor!
After literally only a few diapers, her entire room smelled of poop!
I couldn't stand it!
In one week, I changed the garbage bag at least 4 times.
I don't think so!
Plus her room really smelled bad.
I'm taking it back & getting the Neat again!
The Diaper Champ must be great for infants, but you may want to consider something else for older babies!I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
I used to work in a daycare and we had a diaper genie.
And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
It takes regular trash bags.
I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!This is a great diaper pail.
There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.)
And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.This is a great pail except for the heavy lid.
Be careful when changing the bag so it doesn't come down on your hand.
I wish it was a little bigger.I do recommend this pail!!
We thought since the babies were going to be at his parents house while we were at work.
A garbage can would do just as well.
We did reg for the diaper champ to keep at the grandparents house.
We ended up getting 1 for their home and 2 for our home.
We are SO HAPPY we did.
They are so easy to use.
You dont have to push the dirty diaper down with your hand you just lay it in the champ and turn the handle over.
At 6 months old yes the diapers are starting to get bigger but you just fold them with the velco of the diapers and its so easy.
Ive had no problems of getting them stuck.
With the diaper champ you can use any kind of bags which is great!!!
We take the dirty diaper out every 4-5 days depends on how many we go through in a weeks time :), but even when their is a "dirty" diaper there is no smell in the room.
All around we have  had NO problems and neither has grapa and grama.
We wash it out once a month or sooner with bleach and water just help get rid of some germs.
We also spray it with cleaner weekly to help with those nasty germs!
All around its a great product.
It really is hands free, which means less mess, and their is no costly replacement bags that you have to mess around with!We got this and the Diaper Decor Plus as gifts and I have to say that the Champ is not my favorite.
I like that you can use your own garbage bags with the Champ, but that's the only positive in my opinion.
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.This is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills!!!
I strongly recommend it.Let me just say this... After being a nanny for almost 10 years I have tried them all.
Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
We just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month.
The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
We just recently had to buy another roll of bags.
SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
Would reccommend to anyone and everyone!
!We just couldn't bring ourselves to buy a pail that required us to purchase extra refills.
This pail is great.
I do put really dirty diapers into a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail, to reduce the chance of nasty seepage and rub-off onto the chamber as the diaper is moved into the bottom.
It is not difficult to open, and the fact that it has a good clasp offers a sense of security for when our little girl starts pulling herself up on things, which will be soon (she's 8 months old).
We change the bag a couple of times a week, and the nursery smells fine.I love the Diaper Champ!
Love it!!
!The champ is great because you don't have to waste anymore money buying expensive refills like the diaper genie.
This one uses regular bags (I use 32 gallon bags).
Here's some tricks for this Champ:1.
Put an Arm & Hammer Baking Soda box at the bottom of the pail to help eliminate orders.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
If you're like me, you probably have tons of grocery bags laying around.
Keep a few handy in the nursery and use them to bag the poopy diapers.
Double bagging them helps to eliminate the orders.Hope this helps!My husband and I love this product.
We just use regular kitchen garbage bags.
While other diaper pails require the use of thier own bags this pail uses any bag...including old shopping bags.
This save alot of money.
It is a life saver to just throw in a kitchen garbage bag.
Surprisingly enough - it only starts to smell when it's time to change the bag.
Just keep some Lysol wipes by the changing table, and wipe it down if you get anything anywhere.
For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.Love it, love it, love it!
I love that you can use regular plastic bags and don't need to buy refills for it.
Boy, was I misguided in my thinking,because this diaper champ is a Godsend!
You really do not smell a thing!
It is very easy to use, refill, and move around.
It keeps the smell OUT completely!
Now as my son's diet is changing, the odor of his bowl movements can no longer be contained.
There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
What a disappointment!
Here are the big two complaints:1.
Having to clean the slot each and every time is just unrealistic and too much work!
The smell.
Yikes, what a smell after just a couple days.
We used the odor prevention garbage bags, but nothing prepared me for that odor when I opened the lid.
Yuck.On the plus side, it's wonderful to be able to use regular garbage bags, not the expensive ones the Genie requires.
And it's certainly easy to use.
I've tried Lysol and the dryer sheet at the bottom of the can and various other tricks to mask the odor emanating from the Champ without luck.
Baby is breast-fed too.
Please don't buy this one!I love this product!
With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!I registered for this diaper pail as opposed to a Diaper Genie because I didn't want to have to purchase refills.
So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.
I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.I thought about getting the diaper genie at first but then did some research.
The only time smell escapes from it is then you open it to take out the bag.
That will save you a bundle of money alone!
I wish it would hold more diapers but I really can't complain.
I use odor-reducing trash bags & the smell is very minimal.
The one thing that sets this product apart from the diaper genie is that this product can use regular garbage bags...ANY Garbage bags will fit.
The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend...This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers....FANTASTIC!We've used this Diaper Champ for the past 8 months and it's worked great.
No problems or odors at all.
I have experienced no issues with odor, in fact I keep this in my baby's closet.
No special bags are needed ... what a savings!
Save your money and buy something other than the Diaper Champ the first time around.I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
You use any type of bag you want, and I love this idea.
The refills for all the others are so spendy and they don't hold that many diapers.
I'd rather buy cheap 13 gallon garbage bags from wal-mart or use one of the gazillion plastic grocery bags we already have in a cupboard at home.
It also keeps the smell away perfectly fine-until you open it of course to take the bag out to the garbage can!
It's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well.
We have two of them since we mostly use cloth, but occasionally need to use a disposable.
I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
I just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.
In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor...I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.
The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
It is no fun pulling apart a diaper pail at 2:00 in the morning because the handle won't go down due to a diaper that is stuck in it.
The diapers are placed in a plastic hole at the top of the pail, and then they drop through to the bag.
Finally, after two months of dealing with this pail, one morning, I flipped the handle, and the cylinder fell right into the bottom of the pail.
(It was not a pleasant task to retrieve it, either!)
I haven't been able to figure out how to fix it, so we are using a Safety 1st Diaper Pail now, and the Diaper Champ will be hauled to the road for the trash pickup next week.
I think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.
We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001!
You can use a plain ole garbage bag instead of purchasing something separate.
We have now used it for a year and it has been great!
We can use our regular garbage bags so the cost is very minimal and we don't have to worry about going out and buying those special bags like for the Diaper Genie.We use cloth diapers and it works really well for that.
We change the bag almost daily, as we have two in diapers and cloth diapers are bulkier.
I don't like how easily it gets backed up though.
I have to frequently push down the center to get it to rotate, much before it needs to be changed.Love the Diaper Champ.
I had planned to get the Diaper Genie, but after I read the reviews, the Diaper Champ won out!
I love the fact that the Diaper Champ accepts any kind of bag, and you don't have to purchase specific bags.
That's way too much of a headache and expense that I don't need.
It took me a few minutes to learn how to change the bag, but that, too, is easy once you figure it out.
I'm all about practicality when it comes to baby products and the Diaper Champ is right in line with my views.Very easy to use,(my senior citizen parents figured it out...lol), controls odor well and USES REGULAR TRASH BAGS...woohoo!
Who wants to spend money all the time for "fancy" trash bags.
Buy the diaper champ and save the money for something fun for baby.PRO'S1.
Doesn't take up too much space2.
Very easy to use.3.
Very easy to empty.4.
Can use regular trash bags (saves money!)CON'S1.
There is a slight smell when my son delivers a REALLY stinky muddy diaper.
(other than that there is no smell.
I just throw the "bombers" in the trash outside.FYI1.
Don't let it get too full, otherwise it is hard to pull the trash bags out to empty.
And once it is open (stinky!!!)
you don't want to waste any time getting the full bag out of the house.UPDATE: Our son is now 9.5 months old and it just stinks.
We have cleaned it, sprayed it, bleached it, put dryer sheets in it, well you name it and we have tried it.
THE THING STINKS!!!
We have since tried other bags and such but if you walk in my sons room you smell the diaper champ.
But we did get several smell free months out of it.
Also just a note.
I got it as a shower gift and hadent heard of it before but when I started using it I had to tell all my friends.
This will definatly be my gift of choice from now on to all my pregnant friends.
Overall, Its one of those things that I cant live without but didnt know it until I got it.We got this for our newborn, and within the first two weeks of use, the liner (that I assume is supposed to keep odor in) fell out because it got caught on one of the stickies on the diaper.
Remember this thing contains poop, so if it is not changed often, it will smell.The best thing about this product is you don't have to purchase their bags.
I decided to go with the Diaper Champ rather than the more popular Diaper Genie, because I didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.For those who are experiencing odor problems, here are some suggestions which should solve the problem:1.
CHANGE BAGS FREQUENTLY!!
I change mine about 1 or 2 times a week.
For those who complain that the pail gets stuck, that is probably a good indication that the BAG IS GETTING TOO FULL!!
YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
Hello, it does house dirty diapers!!
and then maybe spray some Lysol in it and let it air out for a minute or two.
AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!In talking with other parents, I get the same feedback - as babies get older and become toddlers, ALL DIAPER PAILS become gradually less and less effective until they are just no longer useful.
Again, this is because as their diet changes, so does the consistency and odor of their stool, in other words, it gets stinkier!!
!All in all, this product is definitely one I would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable price.I love this!
I was hesitant to buy too since the "sheet" is expensive and hardly a "sheet" at all.
If baby's diaper leaks it only gets on this sheet.
You can take the sheet off easily by just removing the snaps attached around your crib slats.
We have our crib matress dressed in an additional regular crib sheet underneath with a cheap matress pad below it.
My son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off!
AH!
So I improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.
It does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; I've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage.
If you're not using crib bumpers, the look of all the elastic pieces on the crib slats isn't too attractive.
The sheet is particularly handy for newborns who might leak during the night, requiring sheet changes when you're half asleep.
I only use it now when I know he is prone to leaking, such as when he is between diaper sizes.
Otherwise, I use regular sheets.
It's not super fast to unsnap and snap on, but better than replacing the crib sheet (esp given I have a mobile that gets in the way of taking the mattress out).I have 3 of these so I don't have to immediately wash the dirty one.Only con is that the material seems a little rough.
It takes a long time to hang dry.
If it were less expensive, I'd get a few more.
I have two Ultimate Crib Sheets, and when my 6 month old has diaper leaks or blowouts while sleeping, I can easily switch to the new ultimate sheet.
Putting regular sheets on crib mattresses is a huge hassle, so the Ultimate Crib Sheet is a huge help for middle of the night diaper leaks.
It takes me much less time to switch these out than to change the whole sheet.
They fit flat on top of a regular crib-size mattress.Material:  The top side is a breathable, soft cotton layer.
Lifting my daughter's mattress takes no effort: it's made of  lightweight foam.
As a result, changing her sheets is also super easy.
I just have to lift the mattress, and it takes two seconds.
Now why would I want my newborn daughter to sleep on this and breathe it in?
Not in a lifetime.
Plus, when I opened the package, it smelled of plastic.
I will do the laundry when she messes up the bed and deal with it rather risk exposure to PVC fumes.works great to keep the mattress and sheets under dry.
nothing can bit 9 minutes of extra sleep in the middle of the nightThe baby isn't here yet.
But we've bought a couple of these.
I'm a tad hesitant because they don't fit very well on our convertable crib.
They do give instuctions, saying to just use a slate next to the thickers corner one(for convertable cribs), but I find it fits very awkwardly.
However taking the whole crib apart(with the bumper being a huge deal, also to get on, considering the thick corner posts), it makes me want to cry to think I'd have to do this very often.
So, we'll give these a shot.
I may end up doing the zip on sheet set, which would work with any crib, and seems like a dream.
I've also heard great things about those.
I just didn't want to invest in that, if I could get away with these.
HOWEVER...I really hated that after i washed this item only a few times, the surface became very rough to the point that i quit using it all together.
It's something you don't think about, but will save you when you're totally exhausted and your baby spits up in bed.
Ever tried to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night while your kids has either puked or peed on it.
This simplifies all of that and still lets you have and see your adorable sheet set you overpaid for.
We keep one on the crib (or folded over in the pack n play) at all times.
This came in very handy when our 18 month old went through potty training and just for any other leakages or accidents that kids sometimes have.My only complaint was that when we washed these in the wash, some of the snaps would break off.
Now at four months it is at is full length and I still put a blanket on top of it.
Whenever he gets it wet I just take the blanket and the cover and wash it easily.
I have two so I just wash one and use the other.
It covers the full top surface of the crib, give or take an inch.
My daughter has used 3 of these over the last 3 months.
The upper material is soft and smooth with adequate middle absorption so that it catches excess moisture.
The snaps work well on small crib rails.
The mother had requested a couple of these.
Since then she has given birth and this sheet has been working well for her.
I now call it a "disposable sheet" and would rate it only 3 stars if I was allowed to change the rating.My previous review:This sheet is a fantastic idea.
Imagine waking up to feed your baby only to have them spit up and/or poop/pee on the bed sheet.
Instead of taken apart the bumper to remove the mattress to change the sheet, all that is required is to unsnap the corners that secure sheet in place.
Then you put another one on...the whole process will take you less than 5 minutes.
I have three, one for the hamper, one on the crib, and one waiting to be used in case of a bed wetting!I absolutely love this sheet!
Changing my babies sheet is effortless, thanks to this great invention.
Just snap one off and snap another one on- so convenient, especially for those middle of the night changes!
I would only use this product if you have a mattress/crib set that have a fit making it extremely difficult to get the mattress out.
Seems like most crib mattresses slide out pretty easily, making this product pretty unnecessary.I registered for the Ultimate Crib Sheet after reading reviews in books and online.
All the praise is accurate!!!
It's better than the standard sheet savers because it covers the entire top of the matress - not just one part.
It snaps securely in place and can be changed in seconds!
Get two or three Ultimate Crib Sheets for easy changes - SO much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.
This product makes cleaning up so easy!
I just use my Ultimate Crib Sheets.
I have three; I would recommend that number.
I hang it on a drying rack and it's usually dry after a few hours.
Afterwards I attempted to put a cute sheet and mattress pad in the crib... such a chore!
I started using these and haven't had to change the cute sheet since.
I've changed it in the middle of the night in a couple minutes tops... it washes up great with my baby's normal laundry too!
I highly recommend these sheets.The cons?Every time I have to deal with this sheet, I swear that I hate it with every fiber of my being.
GRRRRRRR!At that point, sweaty and frustrated, I gave up and threw the damn thing at my husband and told him to do it.
There has to be another solution that doesn't cause me mental anguish trying to put it on (although, honestly, sheets of any kind are a PITA).
if you undo both snaps you are left with a loose elastic band.
baby could choke on it if you ask me.
i liked the product for its ease of use.. but once i noticed the straps could snap completely off.. i stopped using it.We have something similar to this leftover from when my daughter was a baby and I wanted another, I wasn't ablt to find exactly the same pad but this is doing the job.When your little one spits up, vomits, or leaks in the middle of the night, this is a LIFESAVER!
Just snap the buttons off, throw it in the washer, and put your little one back in the crib.
I have 4 of them (2 for each child).
It is super absorbent and stays in place!
I have the pretty sheet that matches the bedding on the bottom and the crib sheet on top.
Now if there is a middle-of-the-night accident I just unsnap the cirb sheet, pull it off, and put a clean one in its place.
This is one a the gifts that I give at all baby showers because I think no Mom should be without at least 2 of these (you need a spare!
I love how it has saved me from changing the entire crib sheets off of the mattress.
I'm still using the ones that I received during my baby shower.
The elastic snaps definitely serve a purpose for safety so I use them but they are a little tiresome.
I have three of them right now!
It was given as a gift & I put one more on my registry after realizing I had to take the whole crib ensemble apart to change the sheet!
Now I change the sheet only occasionally & it is more for asthetics.
Save money on sheets & just get one or two decorative sheets & get at least 2 of these!!
Don't go without!!!
!We registered for the Ultimate Crib Sheet because a cousin and a few friends raved about it - they said to get two so that one could be on the crib and one could be in the wash.
I received it at my baby shower, but we have found only limited value in this crib sheet for our 11 month old daughter.
Instead on one end of the crib we have to resort to wrapping the straps around the crib slats adjacent to the corner posts and that means there's slightly less than full coverage of the sheet underneath.
Since our daughter is a "perimeter" sleeper who likes to be up against the edges of her crib, that is a problem.The majority of parents we know have purchased convertible cribs which have thick corner posts when configured as a crib or toddler bed.
It would be easy for Summer Infant to make this sheet more adaptable to current crib styles by making the length of the corner straps longer or using multiple snap sockets to make the strap length adjustable.
On the handful of occasions where she's thrown up in her crib (always when she's come down with an upper respiratory bug), she's inevitably hosed the bumper as well.
So in that sense it's helpful.
My daughter doesn't pee through her diaper so I haven't used it for liquid leaks.
It can probably hold a lot of pee, but the real question is why does your kid need this kind of protection?
(unless you put them to sleep without a diaper on!)
If I could do over I wouldn't buy this VERY EXPENSIVE crib sheet.
I'd just get multiple regular crib sheets.The reviews that say this product is soft are all pretty old (2002-2004 isn).
Somewhere down the line they must have tried to save some money and made this product.
It can be simply used by itself by just fastening the straps to the sides of the crib or can be used with a more decorative sheet simply placed snugly in place over it.My daughter is now 6 months and has leaked out of her diaper on occassion, the mattress that she sleeps on cost around $120.00, so thanks to this sheet the mattress still looks the same as it did when we brougt it home.I absolutely love the idea of this crib sheet.
After receiving one as a gift I immediately tried putting it in the crib.
Needless to say, if you have an Italian made crib, keep the packaging and the receipt.
You may find that you'll have to try another brand.I bought three of these before my son was born and it was money well spent - we bought one cute sheet that goes with his bedding that we leave on and change the ultimate crib sheet as needed.
Changing crib sheets with a bumber in place is a major pain!
These are super soft, hold up to repeated washing, stay in place and absorb the mess away from your baby.
Return all those cute sheets you bought and invest in a bunch of these - you won't regret it!Reality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.
You don't have to take off the crib bumper and lift the mattress to take off this crib sheet.
I have a regular crib sheet under the Ultimate Crib Sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.
Also, they are expensive.
I have two of them and it's worked out just fine.My sister recommended this product to me, and I wanted to like it.
My baby would sweat profusely.
We always keep our house at 68-70 and dressed him in a cotton sleeper.
If he was laying on his back, his chest would be cool, but his back would be hot and sticky.
Or if laying on his stomach, his front would be sweaty, but his back cool.
Changing a fitted mattress sheet is a giant pain in the butt.
This pad makes it easy to clean up the crib after an accident and speed is critical in the middle of the night.I purchased a felted 100% wool mattress pad instead and couldn't be happier.
It was slightly more expensive, but it was worth it.
I will probably stop using this once she can roll over.It works well enough, but it takes so long to get all 10 of those snaps around the crib rails, ya might as well just change the regular sheet.The strings ripped off when I tried to pull it off of the crib.
I also didn't like the idea of this being on top of the mattress and crib sheets.
It's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so I really never needed this.I had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from Babies R Us.
The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the snaps don't fit exactly around my crib rungs so it's a little wrinkled and off center, but my baby doesn't seem to mind.So easy to use, it's the only one I ever used!My daughter is 5 months old and has never leaked at night so it hasn't been necessary.
However, we use this when we let her air dry, and it definitely does work.Yes i have pretty sheets on the crib......but who wants to wash them every time there is a mess.
Well this is the answer!
Waterproof!!
What else should i say!
Perfect gift!!
I returned it because it wasn't soft.
Buy two and put them both in the crib.
I have a standard 28x52 crib and this was too big for it--it bunched and wouldn't lay flat.
Also the snaps didn't match up well w/ my cribs slats and even if they did they were too long to actually be safe and secure.
This mattress pad/sheet creates an unsafe environment.
Buy at least two of these.
One of them was an open item but the sheet looks fine and doesn't seem like have been used.
However, by the time that he was 6 months old, all of my ultimate crib sheets had developed holes and cracks in the plastic backs.
Compared to just lifting up the mattress and quickly pulling off the sheet and putting a new one on, I think this might actually take longer.Yes, scratchy!
There is no way to tuck the sides under, as with a regular sheet, so a baby could find her way under the sheet and suffocate.
Keep in mind, too, that undoing the snaps is very easy--so easy, a baby could do it!
The elastic bands connecting the sheet to the crib also make me nervous.
Could an older baby pinch or strangle herself in these?My daughter is now six months, and rolls around her crib.
I won't be regularly using this sheet anymore.
But, there is an upside.
This product is AMAZINGLY easy to use.
Snap, snap--that's it.
There is no lifting the mattress.
Recently, my daughter had a stomach virus, diarrhea everywhere.
Instead, I have 2 ultimate crib sheets that I alternate between.
In a pinch (ie, diaper explosion or sick baby in the middle of the night), they make life SO much easier.
Within the first washing, some of the snaps were pulled off the sheet (with following the directions to re-snap the sheet before washing).
Thankfully, it was only 2 snaps and I was still able to make the sheet function.
However, it does take some time to snap the sheet on securely and it isn't very soft or cozy for baby.
It has kept accidents from leaking through and it did work well in that area, but as far as adding coziness or comfort or ease of use...it failed miserably.
I bought mine through Babies R Us instead of Amazon but wanted to contribute a review regarding the product because I shop through Amazon much more often.
Not handy or helpful.I played the game of frustration everytime I had to change a crib sheet......which became much more often after more blow outs and spitting up began!
I knew I wanted to keep the bumper and searched the internet to find a solution.
This was the first recommendation to pop up with rave reviews!
I tried one out and absolutely loved it!
Changing sheets is a breeze!
They stay one very well too.
I liked it so much I ordered another to have as back up.
Highly recommended if you are done lifting that dang mattress up!I was able to find the original sheet at a local store, but paid more for it than on Amazon.
I thought I would receive the same sheet - but instead received the new design.
I don't like the new design nearly as much as the original.
It bunches up and doesn't snap at the ends like the original.
We had to jerryrig the crib by adding plastic hooks that the snaps could fit around.
This won't work for us as baby gets older.
This product works well with the Halo Sleep Sacks.Our newborn baby boy has been having a ball spraying us every time we change him.
The top is soft, while the bottom is lined with plastic.Love this.
I dont' have to keep washing the crib sheet.
This makes it easier to keep my baby's bed clean.Try to change those sheets on a heavy crib mattress in the middle of the night after your kid has an accident and then try jus changing this pads.
It protects the sheet, eliminating the need to change the crib sheet if there is diaper leakage or spitting up.
It goes on and off in seconds - so helpful to a Mom, especially in the middle of the night.
It is large enough to cover the whole crib surface.
I like it and would recommend it.Lifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks!
It's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier.
He occasionally has a diaper leak.
Had one during her first year.
Now having a second baby and ordered three more!
They have made nights when the baby got sick so much easier!
Our first one did pill on the cloth side but baby doesn't mind and it still serves it's purpose.When my newborn was in her Co-Sleeper, changing wet bedding every morning was no big deal -- but a move to the crib meant a HUGE daily struggle to disassemble the bumper, manhandle the mattress and strip the sheet and mattress pad, then reverse the whole process after washing and drying.
There are always loose straps hanging off or awkward folds in it when we try to strap it down.
We tried over and over again to get it right, but to no avail.
We finally gave up the idea of strapping the Ultimate Crib Sheet down and now just put it under the regular crib sheet.
The little loops that hold it down, don't seem safe at all!!!
And they don't keep the sheet secure to the mattress.
I don't know how they're allowed to sell these.
Total waste of money!!
!Seems to fit just fine except that the corner snaps could be longer.
We have a Sorelle Rosa crib with hidden hardware so the snaps must go around the outside of two bars for each corner.
No big deal though as we just do two corners and then go around the first set of bars on the far side.
So the sheet is offset by a couple inches but doesn't appear to have enough slack to become a safety issue.
It saves me from having to change the crib sheet.
The only reason I took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first.
Stays put.
Washes wellIt does what it is intended to do, protect mattress from wetness.
But it makes you sweaty when you sleep on it.I like the idea of this product but it wasn't as much of a help as I thought it would be.
It is not comfortable so you have to put it under the sheet which means a lot of changing or bedding during the middle of the night if there is an accident.Accidents happen with little kids, this is a really easy way to make sure the bed is kept clean and dry especially if you have a loft or bunk bed you don't want to climb up to, to tear apart.The method that I used for potty training had me completely throw away the diapers and didn't allow for pull ups.
(It worked well!)
About a month after we started my daughter had a string of accidents at night out of the blue.
I was constantly changing sheets and was tired of it, that is when I found this.
It is also relatively small to pack if you are traveling somewhere and you are afraid of your child wetting the bed this is great for that too.
It does exactly what it is supposed to do, without problems of any kind.
It fits across our mattress just fine and we are able to tuck it in.
The annoying part is that the top of the pad won't stay put.
I wish I had waited and purchased the Brolly sheet instead of buying this one...even with the cheap price.If your child moves around in the bed and you don't have this positioned exactly where they are they will miss.
And it doesn't secure to the bed that well.
This has saved us a lot of sheet washing.
Considering the disposable pads run about $1 a piece, this quickly paid for itself.
I am considering getting another.I absolutely LOVE the Handy's Plus Pad.
I purchased 5 of the full-size pads for my son over a year and a half ago and I think they are GREAT.
My 4-year old has slept in a full-size bed since he turned 2.
I only have 2 complaints ... 1. the side-flaps aren't quite long enough to fully tuck under if you have a pillow-top mattress (although you can make it work if one side of the bed is against the wall and you pull the opposite side really tight)  AND  2. the top and bottom of the pad tend to "curl up" after several washings.
I also use one (full-size) on the Spinmaster Flip-Open Sofa to keep spills and accidents from staining the sofa.
The full-size fully covers the full-length of the sofa.
(fyi ...
If you like Basic Comfort's Ultimate Crib Sheet, then you'll also like their Handy's Plus Pad.
The Handy's Plus Pad is basically the Ultimate Crib Sheet with side flaps and without the snaps.
In fact, the pad portion of the Handy's Plus Pad - Full size is almost the same size as the Ultimate Crib Sheet.
I've been using it almost a year.
I do use those cheap Bowl Fresh toilet deodorizers instead of ordering the disks.
I clip the hanger off and break it in half (while it's still in the plastic) and add half or both, just depends.
The deodorizers last about 1-2 months and it's cheap!
I empty it about every 3 days and spray it down w/ Lysol before adding another bag.
Not had any stinky problems and this is in my hallway right by the familyroom.
I don't even try any more to 'twist' the bag, I just take the lid off.
I even bought some odor discs but they didn't work either.
The only convenient thing about this is that you can put whatever garbage bag you want in it and even then, the bag can hold many diapers.My husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags.
That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail.
The springs have been popping off since about the first month.
Now that we are expecting baby #2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one.
My advice: Don't waste your money.
It's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash can.Yes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature!
The covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapers).We have used this pail for 3 years, and 2 kids.
We change out the bag twice a week.
You save a lot of money if you get sheap bags at Dollar Tree or Big Lots (works out to about 10-cents a bag).
It does get stinky sometimes, but all garbage pails do and every child has an extra stinky diaper occasionally.
Roll with it and save money when and where you can.I've been using this pail for 2 months with my breastfed baby.
It contains all of the odor from his moderatly stinky diapers.
It doesn't work exactly like it's supposed to, the blue dome is supposed to push the diaper into the pail but the diaper usually gets stuck and I have to push it through but that's no big deal.
Odor-Less - No.
We empty it as needed, usually once a week, and realize it's a diaper pail - just as our garbage pail in the Kitchen needs to be emptied daily someday so will the diaper pail.
I place an aroma jell in the little basket which helps with the odor.Purchased this unit to hold adult size large briefs and have been pleasantly surprised.
Holds approximately 8 soiled briefs with virtually no smell emitted (except when adding more to pail).
As if anything can disguise the odor of a poopy diaper.
I think that a diaper pail is a must in the nursery.
This one has a lid that closes nicely to shut out odors.
It can be a bit of a hassle to empty and reload, but it only needs changing about every two days and since it fits regular kitchen bags, it is worth the money.
I can't fit a larger cable through it.
PLUS if you have plugs that go sideways like our ROKU does.
You can't use it.
So i had to buy a power strip but the power strip is too thick and won't work.
And the two small openings at the bottom of the unit are for thinner or normal sized cords only.
I actually broke the bottom section that separates for two cords off so the larger cords would go in more easily.
When I did this I was actually only able to put one cord per cover.
Recommend this just for thin plugs, no adapters.
My son gets into everything!!
These covers are fantastic.
There is no way my son will be able to open them....he's tried!
haha.
So you still need to be vigilant :)There are two pieces to the outlet cover: back part replaces the outlet cover (and needs to be screwed on) and the front cover, which is released from the back cover by squeezing the two plastic pieces on the sides.
The plastic side pieces are part of the back part, made of stiff plastic and extremely difficult to squeeze.
I wasn't sure about the quality of a Safety 1st product (seems to be hit or miss with this company), but I was pleasantly surprised by the integrity of these covers.
In addition, the slot to feed the cord through to exit the device is also very small and fits almost none of the electronics in my house.
My advice?
Invest in duct tape.This things install quickly and easily if you're running standard cords (for lamps, etc.)
though the holes.
If you want to run something thicker (like the wire on one of my power strips) I found I had to do a bit of modification to make it fit.
I'd consider them on the fence for an outlet that I'd want access to all the time, and someone with arthritis would probably want to stay away.I had a couple major issues with this outlet cover.#1: The screw that probably is in your existing wall outlet covers is not long enough to accommodate this outlet cover.
So what won't fit?
Our laptops, our phone charger (Samsung Galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), iPod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, DSLR charger, baby sound machine, Verizon Fios plugs.
Well crap... what appliance plugs DID fit, you ask?
A lamp.
Just one lamp.
Oh, and the electric toothbrushes.Useless, sending them back.
The Safety 1st units are square (not pyramid shaped) and hold various plugs.If you want to keep the plug in there forever, it is the best one.
But the first time, you still need to open it to install.
After you put it on the wall, it's really hard to remove.
We use them in our nursery.The slots for the cords on the bottom of the cover are too small.
Also, it wouldn't cover the box of the cell phone charger, either.
And that's exactly what they do.
We use several in our home and have had no problems.
I feel everything of my children's has an oversize plug that goes in the wall.
If you work it a little you figure out how it will just pop off.
Don't get discouraged like I did.
Work it gently and It will come off easy with a little presure.
If you have something that is plugged in permanently, it may work great but don't use this for an outlet you need to access regularly.I have 18 month old twins, and an older child with cerebral palsey, she has a hospital bed downstairs where we all get together during the day and evening and the babies are always getting into the cords, pulling them out of the wall, came on amazon (found this) and it goes over even the thick cords for the hospital bed (3 prong) so it is well worth the money as the babies have now completely given up on the cords :)My 2 year old hasn't been able to figure them out yet, so naturally, we're sold!
He pretty much ignores them now.
Yay!These were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.
I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart.
Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, I had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.
It's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.
It took both my husband and I 10 minutes to finally pry it open.
It also doesn't fit all outlets.
Xbox, ps4, etc are out of of the question.
The plug won't come out of the box easily, but it can still be unplugged, and since it's harder for an adult to get fingers in the top part to plug it back in, it has to be taken apart to be plugged back in.Overall, it's done the job very well, but it is big and isn't perfect (though I doubt anything is).I love this item.
I got two for my apt.
My kids are no longer turning the lights out or pulling cords.
I absolutely love this item.I love this thing.
It fit our large power strip easily.
Also very easy to use.
It seems sturdy and does fit fine, but the opening is way too big.
I decided to keep it and put clear packing tape around the opening.They are as shown, and work great so that kids can't pull out the many cords that we all use easily!
For the babies, it became yet another interesting thing around the house that we had to wrestle from their hands.
They were able to unplug the cords easily and were starting to reach their fingers into the top hole when I finally gave up on using it.
Yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but I could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.In the end, I rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary.
It was just too annoying to keep using the cover.I love this product it keeps my son safe.
That fact pretty much defeats the purpose of even having the cover.
But it does at least make the whole thing look less appealing to her, so she doesn't bother it too much.
I finally started using it last week.
But, once I ready the instructions a few times I got it.
My 8 month old loves all electric cords.
I needed something to protect her.
For the past week this has been working.Only one side of it can I get a big 3 prong plug into it.
I only need 2 openings to get in and out of so it hasn't presented itself as a major problem yet.
The strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.
There is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.
How could this possibly be useful?
The baby's whole hand fits through the giant gap.
Plus the thing is huge.
Like almost as big as a shoe box.
There's no way I could leave baby in there with this while I was out of the room, so I might as well just leave the cords as is.What a great idea, to protect your power strip.
Wish i had one of these growing up and could have prevented a lot of nights being sent to my room without dinner.I bought this power strip cover to protect my toddler from the power strip we have under a chest in our living room.
The design is sturdy and fits our power strip perfectly, it is also easy to put  together.
But it has two big minuses:1.
Its height.
It barely fits under our chest.2.
THE REAL ISSUE: The width of the slot through which the cables come out.
MY TODDLER's HAND AND A PORTION OF HIS ARM fit through the slot perfectly, so he can reach the outlets AND the switch of the power cord.
What is the point of this item?
We just hope, at this point, that it will be a further discouragement--and since the piece is all but wedged under the chest, we will get to him before he can pull the thing close enough to stick his little hand in.
Hopefully we'll find something better soon.You can presumably use it by covering every unused outlet in the cord with outlet covers.
It works well and keeps all the cords from being pulled.Does the job!
It's huge.
But, it has to be to fit everything in there.
We tried the Mommy's Helper cover but it doesn't shut very securely and doesn't fit some larger plugs.Doesn't fit the strip we have our computer/tv plugs in.
Its too small.
This stopped that instantly.Nothing special...it does the job of covering what it is suppose to.
Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well.
What it doesn't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs!
It's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening.
In fact, I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover.
If I can fit my hand in there, so can a child.
And it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there.
This product is, in a word, worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip.
The product was very bulky, I can't imagine using it as it takes up so much room.
This one does.
And it adjusts lengthwise so you can make it pretty long if you need it to.
So could your kid conceivably pull one of your plugs out when you don't want him/her to?
Fully straight, single row.We have a in floor outlet under our love seat that we have a power strip attached to.
We didn't want to get rid of the power stripe because it runs my husbands laptop and the table lamp.
If you are plugging in standard sizes only, it should work great.
Easy to use and store away.
Adjust to different lengths by pressing the buttons.Seriously, I just got this, and this product is not worth a single penny.
It is too bulky and gets in the way.
Even when it is on its smallest setting!
Not just that, but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through, but the gap is so big, my kids can still unplug the cords and play with them.I have two very busy almost two year old twins who were fascinated with the power strip in their playroom.
It's about the size of a one liter soda bottle, and slides together/apart to extend the length.
It still works however, and is the best solution I've found.
Would recommend.This power strip easily keeps my breast-pump plug secure.
It also covered as well as the other plugs :) Easy to use and sturdy.This fits over various charger cords though it is bigger than I expected.
I think the slot is a little bigger than it needs to be as I can get my fingers in there.
The biggest plug I have in there right now is a usb phone/tablet charger.
Unlike that item, this cover is expandable from 9" to 13.5" in length.
The roughly-cylindrical compartment is about 3.5" wide and 4" high.
When closed, the hole for the power strip cord is 1-3/8" by 1/2".
Holes are provided in the base for wall mounting, but no accessories are provided.To open the thing, you press two tabs on the inner lower cover, then slide off the outer cover, then lift the inner top cover.
Place the power strip into the inner lower cover, then replace the inner top cover, then slide the inner cover into the outer cover.The plastic is stiffer compared with the Mommy's Helper model, but it also seems more brittle.
I don't like the fact that there is no way to flick the power strip switch without half-disassembling the thing.
Works exactly as advertised.This works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips.
The things I was not happy about was the quality of the plastic seems flimsy and also if you have to hook it on the last hole due to the size of your power strip it barely stays together.
Great for a smaller/medium sized power strip though.This cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit.
Also, I like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.My child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so I can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler.
You still have to manage how the cords coming out of this cover are child-proofed.
Any child can get their hand in it and get shocked.This is a little bigger than I thought it was gonna be, but it does the trick.
It's big enough to hold my my chargers for phone, bluetooth, ect.
I did knock off one star due to the hole where the cords come out of is juts a little too big.
My son who is 18 months can fit his hand in this gap and  can almost reach the outlet.My little one looooves plug ins.
This product prevents her from unplugging my electronic devices, from trying to plug things into the power strip, and from flipping the power strip into the off position.
It keeps my child and my electronics safe!My only critique of this item is that it seems a bit flimsy when fully extended.
The power strip for my entertainment center is a pretty standard length and size and fits in this strip cover with the cover extended fully.
When extended, the cover can wiggle, and if wiggled enough, little hands could possibly figure out how to separate the two pieces, thus gaining access to the power strip.
So another thing this product succeeds in doing is making the power strip less attractive for her by covering up all the things she likes most about them- buttons, plug ins, and outlets.If this device were more readily accessible (ie: out in the open) I think my daughter would have no problem figuring out how to open it and thus rendering it useless.
Our cords are thick and long and wouldn't fit inside the box.Functional and easy to use.
They do the job.
They aren't the prettiest thing, but they work to keep my son safe, which is the most important.Many kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.
It takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...DEAD!!!
It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!
But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).
Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.
And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether.There is no perfect solution to window blind cords, but I think these do well.
I actually used this kind years ago for pets.
I do usually have to open and close them to unwind, but that is okay.
I just ordered many more for the rest of the windows.
However, for the kid's room we have the kind that is screwed into to the wall and wraps the cord around, so there is no chance of these plastic parts falling.We have busy almost-two year old twins who are fascinated with the many window blinds in our house.
I didn't want to spend a fortune, but needed a quick fix.
These did the trick, easy to install, and keep the cords just out of their reach.
They do pop off from time to time, but are easily replaced.
I left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck.
Terrifying.
After installed, I could still open the oven door with my pinky finger.
The directions were also unclear and the picture doesn't match the product.This device keeps the oven shut despite my toddler hanging off the oven handle (fortunately, phew!).
She's pulled on the handle of the oven a few times (and we've told her "no", which she seems to accept most of the time) and the lock has stayed put.
She's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.
I have no complaints.We love this oven lock.
It does what it is supposed to and the adhesive seems to be working extremely well.
It doesn't get too hot to touch when the oven is on, which is great so that I can have it locked while I'm cooking and then unlock it without getting burned to take the food out.Does what it is supposed to.
Basic and easy too use and little ones can't figure it out.My 15 month old daughter was able to pull this thing apart with little effort.
The time now was well worth the ease in the future.
This is great because when we have future company we can reactivate them and the home is childproof again.
Just be careful on cheap cabinets because you can drill through the entire door!
They were featured on HGTV to baby-proof your house which is how I found out about them in the first place.
Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
Buy them!Love these.
Not the easiest to install and they may take a little getting used to, but so worth it!
They are really secure and do not interfere with the appearance of your cabinets.
It's been sitting on my kitchen counter for about a month, and god knows when I will get to it.
Buy this item only if you have the patience to deal with many small parts and instructions that are hard to understand.I read the directions twice then installed taking less than 15 minutes and I am pretty clueless with putting things together.
The screws are small so a drill would be pointless.
I could spend several minutes rigging up what I thought would be a kid-proof barrier, only to have my daughter get into the cabinets within minutes.I found the Tot Loks one day when we were looking at child proof products, and boy, do I wish we had found them sooner.
These things are great.
Just don't lose the "key" or lock it inside the cabinet!We have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home.
I've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in.
Sometimes the doors require pressing to open, but after I figured it out..
This will be the system of choice in any additional homes we buy later on...
I would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitation!The locks are great.
I would recommend these b/c they work and with the key...they're almost even adult proof.As with everything about being a parent, locks are more complicated than you'd have thought (or would like!
Buy some and see how they work on your cabinets.
Once you've tried a few, it's a lot easier to see where'll they'll work or won't work.Pros:+ Quick to install, after a few minutes of figuring it out+ No drilling required, so less work and no damage to furniture or cabinetsCons:- Only installs horizontally (along the top edge of a door or drawer), given the way they use gravity to lock.We just use the adhesive mount, no additional screws, for some furniture we didn't want to drill holes into.
They seem to be strong enough so far, especially since our kids seem to give up trying a door after a while - if it won't open, they lose interest.
Maybe OK in some situations, but not a great solution for easily accessible drawers or doors.SLIDE LOCKS:  Slide locks (such as theAmerican Red Cross Cabinet Safety Slide Lock) are very quick and easy to install, if they fit.
But they can also be pretty easy for some kids to unlock, so if they are within reach they aren't much of a barrier to older kids.
And even younger kids can sometimes open them by pulling or pushing on the doors.
So you might want to use them for critical spots such as under the sink; or use them when you travel.
And as a bonus, they are so secure that even some adults can't open them!
;-)  (They do take two hands to open.)
Not toddler proof!
We bought these magnet latches to put on our drawers in the kitchen and what a dream!!
Another reviewer suggested two keys.
Definitely.
We only have one and are going to purchase another.
The thing I like about these is that if your little one is out of the house for the day, or they outgrow them, meaning they are old enough to be safe around knives and such, you can fix them where they don't require the key!
One drawback: If you have a double-wide or single-wide mobile home, you will have to do some modifications to your drawers to get them to work.
My husband spent an entire evening working on three drawers due to the modifications needing to be made for them to work correctly for our drawers.
After it was all done, it works perfectly.
Do yourself a favor and invest a little money and get these latches!!!
!This product is great.
If you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.
Each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.
In less than 1 hour I was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.
I think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.I love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.
We on the other hand love these locks.
We bought our first set 7 years ago to use with our first child.
One set of Grandparents use them and an aunt too.
I am just about to get a second set because we have a new crawler and I want to put them on the bathroom cabinets.
We prefer to leave our on at all times (even when our children don't need the cabinets locked anymore) because they are easy to turn off (just a flip of the red tab inside the cabinet) that way they are there whenever you have little ones visiting your home.
It leaves no room for fingers to get pinched either.
If you do happen to lose your lock you can buy a strong magnet from your home improvement store and still get it open.
We like to keep our lock on the metal frame by the kitchen window above the sink.
), our pediatrician recommended these to us.
They were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.
They also have a mechanism to keep the lock in the open position, like if you need to get in a cabinet a lot, or the kids are older and you don't need them anymore.
It is installed inside the cabinet so there is nothing to see from the front.
They open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).
We use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.
There was no rhyme or reason to it.
My husband had to drill and redrill a couple of times to get the lock in the right place so that it would work.I would recommend these locks only for cabinets/drawers where there are dangerous/harmful goods inside.
But when I tried to install on my sink cabinet, one side worked like a charm and the other side just won't work.
The two parts line up fine, but they won't latch.
And the two cabinet sides were installed what seems like identically to me, but apparently not.
I am frustrated that I will have to drill more holes into my cabinet and there is no guarantee that it will work!This product is a great concept, BUT it has a critical flaw for me.
The whole idea that I need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter.
Hello?
What about those holes?
Why would I want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors?
Also, what happens if say the door cracks while I drill?
Who pays for that?
I know the answer to that one -> ME!
Soooo....product is going back.
Non-starterWe installed these to keep the kids out of the knife drawers.
They worked well at first but had a learning curve.
I'd say it's been in our drawer for about six years.
We no longer use it and it hasn't worked well for about a year or so.
It takes work for people to learn.
I think it should have lasted longer than five years, but maybe that's all most people need.
4 stars for the fact that it does what it's designed to do but not 5 stars, because it has issues.This sounded good in theory, but didn't work at all.
It was a waste of money for our cabinets.
My baby's grow quickly so these clippers are used often.
To add salt to the wound,  I tried to return the item and I got two separate emails from the seller.
The first email asked me to describe the defect.
I responded to the email.
After which, I received a second email asking me to send a picture of the item; SERIOUSLY!
1.
Do you think I am storing the sliver of metal to take a picture of it?
2.
If I described the defect as a sliver of metal, the product would look the same as in the original picture of the item, as a sliver denotes a very small piece, so the seller already has a picture of what the product looks like.
3.
I shop online because I have limited time.
In addition, my request to return the item was closed before the return approval process was completed!Ordered before baby was born.
Now started to cut the nails already.
Nice clippers, easy to hold in the hand.No brainer, makes it easy to cut my children's nails.Doesn't get lost easily.
But I'm guessing this is just the case with all baby clippers.
I dont love them( not really comfortable to use) but they get the job done.Very nice it's was exactly what I expected.
I will defiantly recommend it.
HahaSo the baby nail clippers are TINY!
and hard to hold, but this is great, it fits into the palm of my hand and I get my newborn son's nails clipped much easier.
If I could, I would change the material on the grip to a rubbery texture so it wouldn't slide around in my hand at all.
My hands are always very dry and it slides around a bit, but nothing like how those tiny ones fall out of my hand.
It had a plastic cover over the top of the cutting end of the clipper, similar to this one, but with a plain white handle instead of the cute bumble bee:Sassy: Bumble Bee Nail Clippers.
I couldn't see my baby's finger nails at all and it wasn't sharp enough.Then I used this Safety 1st Nail Clipper at my mother's house.
The handle fits nicely in my hand.
And the blade is sharp enough to cut the nail off in one clip.
I bought one for myself and it's the only one I'll use now.I know they make these with a huge bulb on them now, but I still use the pairs of these I had from 10.5 years ago when my son was born.
I clip my 10 and 4 year olds' nails with these and they are steady and perfect and still clip fine.
Just bought a pair for a new mom-to-be friend, and have gifted them in the past.
These are all you need!
Not bulky, sharp and great quality.
They came in a two-pack, with a smaller clipper and a larger clipper.
Neither one worked well.
The larger of the two didn't work at all.
These Safety First clippers cut every time.
AAAAARRRRGGGHHHH!These work every time.I bought this pair of clippers because of the rave reviews on Amazon.com.
However, I'm disappointed with them.
In fact, it's the nail clipper of choice in the house for all 9 of my kids.
All three of these nail trimmers are in the "Hospital's Choice" series.Overall, I prefer the 49523/49539 model (see Customer Images) because it is more comfortable to hold for the following reasons.
First, instead of a small white plastic bulb, the 49523/49539 has a larger white-and-orange or white-and-blue handle that allows you to hold the clippers like a "gun" with your index finger under the blades and your thumb on the lever.
Second, the orange or blue part of the 49523/49539 handle is soft and less slippery than the white plastic of this model.
Well-made... we have been using ours for over 2 years without problems.This is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.
I tried to trim my 3 month old son's nails, granted he is the fidgeting type.
Just as I was about to clip one of his nails, he jerked his hand and I accidentally cut off the tip of his finger.
His finger bled, my son cried and I panicked.
They are VERY safe.
I shudder to think of using nail clippers again, especially now that I have to chase my son around the room to cut his nails.I know that every doctor says an oral temperature doesn't count, you have to take a rectal one.
It is gross, he is squirming around.
Yuck.
You pop it in their mouth, couple of seconds later, you have your temperature.
Plus it is so small I bought a second one for our diaper bag.
With this product, given that the infant would be used to a pacifer, works wonders.
For all of my friends expecting a little one, this is a must.this thermometer is pretty consistent, but the nipple is too large for young babies.
I use this thermometer only on occasion.
It's convenient, but it requires about 3 minutes before a final temperature is reached.
It requires that your baby keep it in his mouth for that long.
Also, check with your doctor about how to take accurate readings: our pediatrician said that a rectal thermometer was the most accurate for the early weeks of her life.i bought this pacifier when my son was 3 months old, wiggly and had his first temp.
it's a great concept.
when my son was sick i replaced his regular pacifier with this one, and simply pressed the button when i (nervous first time mom that i am) needed reassurance.
**update**i ended up getting the temporal scanner instead, and have found it very accurate and time efficient.
a much better solution for the money http://www.amazon.com/Exergen-Temporal-Scanner-Infrared-Thermometer/dp/B0015TIZGQ/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1299867344&sr;=8-2The nipple on this thing is HUGE and pretty hard so I don't think it would work for most babies because it would gag them and they probably just wouldn't like it.
I use an Exergen Temperal for when they are sleeping because it is accurate enough to let me know if they have a temp and if it is a high temp.
I recommend the Vicks Rectal Thermometer for that.I think companies make products like the pacifier thermometer because as new parents it sounds like a good idea but in reality, they just don't work and I'm sure your Dr will tell you the same thing.My baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers.
I bought this when I was pregnant because I thought it would be a brilliant way to measure a babys temperature but I was wrong... As a new mom I was wrong about a number of things... this was one of them.
Any baby will identify this as a strange object and spit it out immediately, its too heavy.
Don't buy this.
It has grooves so baby's head doesn't flop everywhere.
I bath baby in no time and I have the water running because he loves the feel of water streaming down onto his body.
He just lies on the soft terry cloth.
It's perfect.My Grandmother got this tub for my 3 month old son to use while visiting.
It isn't as spacious as the tub we use at home, which is a little smaller than most tubs, but it folds up nicely, and it feels very safe and sturdy-not flimsy at all.
This tub is great for grandma's house, or if space is tight.I am sorry I bought this tub.
Used it since she was about 3 weeks old.
It's way too small.
She's now 4.5 mos and I'm throwing it away b/c she is practically flipping out of it.
My son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.
However, in no time we had it down and I was able to bathe him easily anywhere.
Usually we take the bath on his bedroom floor.
I like the portability and the fact that it can fold up and fit under the bathroom counter, since his bathroom is also the guest bathroom.
I also like the little section in the front.
That's where I put the soapy water.
It's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.
The tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs.
it's getting small.
I will be looking for another bath aid soon, but I'll miss this handy tub.This is OK for the short time that I am actually going to use it because it does get the job done.
It doesn't hold much water, either.
I wish I had read reviews before I bought it, because now, after only 2 months, I'm just going to replace it and throw it away.
What a waste!I like this tub, it fits in my sink well, it folds up nicely.
My daughter is 4 months old and still fits in it.We first saw this fold-up infant tub in the NICU unit where our baby stayed for her first 4 weeks.
Its ability to be easily stored was a big plus in the hospital, as well as at home.
The NICU nurse recommended that we line any infant tub with one of those baby bath sponges (ours is yellow and in the shape of a bear).
We use our tub in the kitchen sink.
Oddly enough, we have found that our baby likes to sit in the tub backwards (once she could hold up her head).
We use the kitchen sprayer on low and place a washcloth over our baby's torso which we frequently re-wet with warm water to keep her from getting cold.
Our baby is still a bit small for 4 months, but we anticipate that this tub will work for several more months.
Our baby loves bath time!- Our baby is now 8 months old and about 16 pounds.
We have used this infant tub up until this point and are just now graduating to the big tub.
This fold-up tub was a great purchase for us!I chose this tub because it folds up.
However, since we use it every night, I haven't folded it up since Week 1.
I do like the tub but find it cumbersome to use.
It does leak through one of the fold-up hinge/gaps if there's too much water in the tub.
Also, Baby is now nearly 8 weeks old, and already, her feet spill over the end of the seat area.
She's very nearly too big for it and measured 22" at her 6-wk checkup.
I can't see her fitting in the tub much longer.
Her feet do get stuck in the gaps between the seat and the side of the tub.
She's knocked her head on them several times, and any other time, we spend the whole bath on guard, hoping she doesn't knock it.
I'm also bothered when draining the tub.
The plug has a little rim around it that sits up.
I have to turn the tub completely upside-down to ensure that all water has drained.
I'd recommend this tub only to those who are seriously crunched for space or who travel often and need a fold-up tub.I bought another tub initially - a friend told me about this one.
I will stick with this until my daughter outgrows it.
A must have.I have been using this tub since my sons very first bath.
I love the fact that it folds up very easily and will fit into a closet when folded.
After the bath I wipe it dry with a towel fold it up and put it in the closet.
As long as you don't overfill it, it works just fine.
The only problem I have is that my six month old son is too big for this tub, but at $12.99, is that really such a big deal?
I feel I got my moneys worth out of it.
If you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store I recommend this one.MY HUSBAND AND I LIKED THIS TUB BECAUSE WE COULD FOLD IT UP AND PUT IT AWAY IN THE LINEN CLOSET.
IT DOES TEND TO LEAK AT THE HINGES THOUGH CAUSING THE WATER TO GET COOL VERY QUICK.
WE USED TO KEEP THE WATER RUNNING INTO THE TUB THE ENTIRE TIME WE WERE BATHING OUR SON AND THIS WORKED OUT GREAT.
THE WATER WAS ALWAYS THE RIGHT TEMPERATURE AND OUR SON LOVED THE SPLASHING FROM THE FAUCET.
I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WITH LIMITED SPACE FOR AN INFANT TUB.This tub is incredible for a newborn.
It folds up nicely & we stored it under the bathroom sink.
However, after a couple of months, we moved our daughter into a bigger tub so that she could kick her feet & move around more.
As with most tubs, this holds maybe a quart of water, which means, only babies bum is wet, how fun is that.
Also, you can't fill it to the level you would want because of the way its reclined.
The back is still very slippery despite the nonslip matt.
We only used for a few weeks before just bringing her in the tub with Mom and washing her that way.We have limited storage so this works great & fits in the sink perfectly.
Never have a problem with leaking either.My mom got this tub for my daughter right after she was born.
We have used it since she was able to take a bath, and she's 4 months old.
It does leak at the hinges.
It does fit in the kitchen sink though.
I still give her her bath in the bathroom, and just sit her tub in the big tub.
It uses less water, her head is elevated, and she's a little higher.
She hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room.
It is a great tub, and a great price!I used this tub with my son and boy do I miss it!
I would much rather have the fold-up than the one we have now.
The first time I used the tub my baby kept slipping around in the tub.
I would just as soon put her into the bathtub and put a couple of inches of water into the tub and bathe my baby that way rather than put her into this contraption.
I currently put her on the safer bather (read my review) or put her in the tub alone.
Baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.Lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this year.....I used this tub with my 1st son almost 4 years ago and now I bought a new one for my 2nd son born this year.
Living in an apartment, this tub is great for small spaces.
I use it in the big tub and when I am done, I just rinse it and leave it to dry.
When dried, I fold it and put it in the cabinet.
The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because I had to buy a sponge to use on top of this in order to keep my son from slipping.
It's a great tub otherwise.I bought this tub without doing any research on it.
I bought it because I liked the idea of it growing with my baby.
Well, I got it together all right but it is WAY too big for the bathroom and/or kitchen sink so I had to put it in the big tub from the very beginning.
Also, I have yet to get it to shrink, so I have this huge tub in the bathroom all the time.
The sling seemed to work all right when my son was smaller, but now he is 4 months and he loves to kick.
Also, it just doesn't seem to hold water.
I have read the directions and everything but the water just leaks out.
All in all, I will give this tub another chance once my son gets older and can sit up but if it still leaks, I am getting another one.I had ordered a different tub for my shower but never received it.
I had my baby so I picked up this tub last week.
It appears that you have to hold her head up while in the sling which leaves you with only 1 hand to bathe her with.
I'm thinking of returning and going for the EuroTub.I'm shocked by all of the other reviews on this particular product.
It wasn't made for a SINK.
Anyway,...I love this tub.
I wouldn't want any other one.
It was the most convenient when my son needed to be on the sling =perfect=, and now that he's sitting up,... it's even more convenient.
Please ignore the negative reviews and I highly consider buying this product.
It may be the only tub you will buy in you child' early stages.I haven't had problems with this tub....
I used another tub for my son for the first 3 months, and that tub became too small, so I purchased this one.
Once it is completely extended, there is a good seal and it does not leak.I have and will continue to recommend this tub to all my friends.It's accomodating for longer than any tub out there.well worth the money.I looked everywhere for a tub without all the grooves for baby's body - I wanted something that would submerge nicely from the neck down and this looked like it would do the trick.
Unfortunately, it doesn't hold any water to submerge anything than perhaps the feet.
But like I said, we've only used it a handful of times.
I definately don't think this tub is appropriate for small babies.
The tub has absolutely no support for his head OR his body.
It takes my husband AND I to bathe him b/c the tub offers no help.
It would be just as easy to put him in our full size bath tub.
It leaks everywhere.
We have been using it since our daughter's first bath.
If you don't pop it together right it will leak.
Our daughter seems to like the sling.
She's four months old now and didn't cry even during her first bath.3/06 - We're now using this tub on child #2.
Still no problems.
This child likes it too.
Between the two girls we've been using this tub for 22 mo.
Plus if it did this to me then what about when I am washing my child.
And I read all the instructions before attempting to play with it so I could do it correctly.
Right back in the box and I drove back to the store the same day....got another brand....I wrote a review a few months ago but I have to edit it.
It leaked all over the place.
Finally my husband put silicone all around it which helped.
My husband and I coudln't solve the leaking issue.
I got Sure Comfort Deluxe instead.
It is very easy to put over my sink.
It is great!
IF SOMEBODY HAS IT, PLEASE, I WILL BUY FROM YOU.It's been 5 months aleady and we've had no troubles at all.
It leaked the first time we used it because I didn't snap the locks into place all the way.
There is plenty of room for that.
In the beginning I put the tub on my bathroom counter, but when they started splashing water all over the place, I put this tub in our regular bath.
There are far more things I dislike about it than like.I liked the sling.
I used it alone in the kitchen sink.I disliked the sling in the tub.
My son now sits up on his own but I feel he can slip too easily in this tub.I registered for this bath tub and recieved it as a shower gift.
Everything on the tub works well.
My son does slide down the sling and I do have to put him back.
The suction cups do get stuck on very hard and I really have to pull to get it up so much that I pulled one suction cup off last time(It went back on very easily).
But theres a reason they stick so much to keep my son safe.
Here's how it happens: Once the tub is full expanded and the clips under the side are "clicked" into place (and yes, we did read the instructions) we fill the tub.
Once we finish bathing her, we slide the entire unit forward just enough so that the drain hangs over the edge of the sink and let the water drain.
It is at this point that by moving the tub, the suction cups stick to the counter and while moving the tub, it unhooks the clips and out come the waterworks....all over the hardwood floors.
And let me tell you, it isn't easy to remedy this while holding a wet, squirmy baby.
My husband, an MD and engineer says it is obviously incapable of maintaining a reliable seal.
Look at it!
I had to put towels under it to absorb all the water.
Really, who wants a tub that leaks????
a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with.
I wouldn't buy this tub.I registered for this and got it home and put it together.
It didnt seem to fit together right.
I took it back and bought a basic tub and a foam bear pad to lay her on.
Oh well.It leaks every time I use it.
I have to put towels underneath the tub to collect all the water that leaks out of it.
I love the sling, but I am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.
I received this as a gift and didn't check the reviews before using, I should have.
I am currently looking for another solution to this piece of junk.
couldnt use it on a kitchen counter unless i wanted everything to get wet.doesnt open and close very easily -  i gave myself more than one bruise (due to pinched skin) when trying to open and close it.
also, by the time your child can sit up in this might as well put them in the big tub..my daughter slipped and slid all over when we tried to sit her up.too short - by the time she was 4 months, she was too long for this tub and would kick the sides.i had regisered for the eurotub, but rec'd this.
In the beginning, we used the infant sling, but my baby would constantly slip down into the water.
When he learned to sit on his own, we tried using the bath seat feature.
He would arch his back and slip forward into the bath ring, thus painfully squishing his private parts.
We decided to try it without the ring and it was a little challenging holding him in place while washing him, but we managed.
Now he twists and turns and won't stay put in the tub.
I will not be using this tub for my next child.My mom bought this for us after she decided that the bath chair we already owned was not good enough.
Baby loves to explore the tub, and the secure bath ring helps keep him safely and securely in one place.
When i moved to the bath ring it's plastic edges are sharp and usually scratched him while he moved around.
It doesn't colapse or open easily leaving a large tub.
We put the baby tub in the big bath tub and our little one loves to take baths.
There is a slight issue with locking the tub in the expanded position, if you don't snap it in right, it will leak.
But once we figured that out we had no problems.
Now we use it in our regular tub and it saves us from having to waste a tubful of water for one tiny person to bathe.
Our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great value!I was so excited when I recieved this tub thinking it would last for years.
Most tubs are non-slip, that's what the little bumps are for in your tub.
This was fine though, I planned to use it on our kitchen counter.
This tub is more trouble than it's worth!I received this tub as a gift at my baby shower.
I looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.
Wrong!!
First of all, the tub leaks.
My son absolutely hated bath time until I bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.
I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.I found it easy to use and it sticks to the bathtub great, BUT my two month old is constantly slipping down and I have to keep pulling him back up onto the hammock.
I would buy one that is built with a slanted back and a short basin so baby doesn't have far to slide down.
It leaks, the sling hardly stays in place, it takes up so much space, and you have to use it in the tub anyways.
i've had absolutetly no leaks with this tub, and the suction cups still work great.
the bathring works great, and can be moved out of the way when baby is old enough to sit alone.
although i still use the bathring so my daughter cant stand up all the time.
it's been 7  months with this tub, and nothing ever broke, or got worn.
i think this tub is great!!
!DO NOT WASTER YOUR MONEY ON THIS TUB.
IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK.MY BABY WAS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE IN THIS TUB, YOU ALSO ONLY HAVE ONE FREE HAND TO WASH THE BABY .
So far, in my 7 months of motherhood I have been through four tubs (this being the 5th).
Therefore, I upgraded to the leachco bath ring...once again nothing but disappointment.
I happened to be out at Toy's r us and they were having a sale so I picked up the tub thinking what the heck lets see if this works.
So far, it has been great.
My only issue is the tub is large and we have a small bathroom.
Five stars from me!Well, I loved it when we first had our daughter.
LOVED IT!Then she began to grow & by 5 months of age, she still couldn't sit up, but the tub was way too small.
I wish it was somewhat larger.We registered for this tub, before doing any research.
As a newborn, I used the sling to bathe my son.
As he got bigger, I put the sling into the tub (2nd way of the 4-1 system).
My son kept sliding down, even with one hand on him at all times.
Finally, after reading great online reviews I bought the Eurobath.
LOVE IT!!!!!
From day one my son had a great time in his new (huge) tub.
He fits securely into the reclined side of the tub, with no slipping.
We've had it over a month, I highly recommend the Eurobath over this bath tub.This is the most poorly made baby bath I have ever used.
My baby kept slipping down and her ears would get under water.
She is now to big for the sling, but to small to sit up in the ring.
i returned this item right away.
it leaks.
once i pulled it out to be longer but, no matter how much i struggled to put the extension back together, it just wouldn't click.
the result was that my kitchen counter and floor were a mess.now, i bought the Euro bath.
Our son is 3 months old and fairly long, 25 inches.
He can't sit on is own yet, so has to lay on the sling.
He loves to kick and splash and doesn't have the room he needs.
He also slips down the sling frequently.
We soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over.
At least once a week, my husband or I will catch a toe or scrape a shin stepping over.
So if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a Great Buy.
If you are planning to use it as a fence to block off a wide opening, pay the extra money for the metal version with the gate.
you (and your toes) will be much happier.When our son started rolling into chairs, we knew we needed something to keep him safe.
This play yard fits great in our living room, yet there's plenty of room for him to roll around in all directions.
Also, I like that it's see-thru.
You can see  your baby (and he can see you) from across the room.
I don't care that it's not the most attractive thing.
It was affordable and it does the job.
One suggestion I would make to the manufacturer though would be to pad or provide padding around the bottom, about six inches high.
It'd be nice to not have to move him.We bought this play area to keep our 15 month old daughter safe while we worked outside.
She loves it and plays well.
It is easy to set up and tear down and takes a matter of seconds.
It isn't a very large gate- even when fully extended, it covers an area only about the size of a medium to large playpen.
But it offers enough space to keep one or two kids (and their toys) safely occupied.Superyard XT holds up well and I have left it outside during harsh weather conditions with no problems.
It needs at least enough space to accommodate the thickness when all six panels are folded together.The panels on Superyard XT are not very tall and because of this, the gate is good only for toddlers and other kids up to about two years of age.
Each one of the joints has to be bent in order to become sturdy.
With the limited space, some people may have difficulty fitting even two kids inside the closed walls of the gate.
Depending on the number of toys your kids have, one child might be all that will fit.
This is why I strongly recommend purchasing an extension kit.
I use it on a carpeted area for our 7 month old infant, so she can crawl around to her hearts content and be safe from wall outlets, small objects, etc.
I am also planning on getting an extension, to make her play area even bigger.
The 'Superyard XT' is also great for puppies, and more humane than crating them for hours.
I know my grand daughter is safe while she is entertaining herself.
Great product, very study.I recently purchased this yard when my twins ((now nearly 8 months old)) started to become mobile.I have yet to baby-gate my entire house, but I have super-yard'ed the family room!
I have it shaped as a square, and have those alphabet puzzle peice foam squares inside, to protect my carpet.
The boys enjoy being able to actually see through the holes, and be able to play with many of their toys ((rather than being confined in a pack n play)).
Also, due to it being plastic ((very well rounded I may add, no sharp edges!))
we will be able to start bringing it outdoors as well now that the weather is improving!I also am planning on purchasing another one to use to "gate off" 2 over-sized entrance ways to my family room.
Of course, this will do damage to our walls, but it is the only solution I see fit with such a large doorway ((please note that these are NOT meant for stairs, or doorways.
They are NOT baby gates... this is just a creative suggestion I thought I would mention)).
Definitely, a very sturdy gate that won't just fall apart when pulled or tagged by my son, now 14 months.
It doesn't even encourage him to climb up on its diagonal shaped railings, no matter how much he tries to.
A great investment for a lifelong use.This is one of only a few products my husband and I would buy again with no hesitation.
We bought it over a year ago (with the extension) and have used it every day since.
We haven't had any problems with pieces breaking off or the plastic being brittle and we adjust it almost daily.
Highly recommended.We now own two of these gates/yards.
We originally purchased the yard to wrap around our stone wall/fireplace.
The wall was too "freeform" to use regular 90-degree and straight-edge padding, so we figured by snaking this yard around the fireplace and entertainment center we'd pretty well babyproof the whole living room.
Currently we are using one gate to block off the bottom of the stairs and one at the top (we're in a rental home and cannot bolt the sturdier ones to the wall).
We use them as a deterant and NOT as a "babysitter."
Our daughter is always supervised, but it's nice to have a "split second accident preventer."
In other words, it would take her some time to move the gate and go around it, by which time we would have caught her red-handed.
Our first gate made it through a cross-country move with "Break and Dent Van Lines" with no issues...if only all our items would have been so durable.
Anyway, well worth the cost for a variety of uses!We bought 3 sets... family is buying them also.
Great idea for when you have to keep the little ones in a safe space, our twins love being and playing in itThis is a stay-at-home mom's lifesaver!As my little boy (now 9 months) has become moremobile, this product has helped tremendously.It has broadened his world but in an enclosed space.We keep his play yard in a corner within the superyard, in the children's playroom.He never gets tired of it.
He can play with his toys,while I check my email, do the laundry and watch him at the same time.
He loves it!He can crawl or cruise within his area and can see me whilehe plays.
It's great that you can adjust the individual pieces.I recommend buying the extra parts to have a larger space for baby to roam in.
Great product!
We have great fun playing in it together!We got the superyard (or, as I call it, the &quot;Steel Cage Death Match&quot; yard) to contain our child in the living room and den while we are working.
This is our experience.
Your mileage may vary.Plus side: The fence itself is robust and basically indestructable.
(&quot;Attica, Attica!&quot;) The sides can be taken apart, to make smaller areas.Minus side: the folding and locking mechanism is very stiff, and I was afraid I was breaking it at first when I was opening it up.
Also, it's pretty clunky and large, so once it's up, we keep it up.
Ack.I got this from a friend whose son had outgrown it.
We use it both indoors and out.
It is especially handy in the backyard since we have a pool.
It folds easily and stores great under the bed.We love this thing.
That's the key---no assembly required!
My daughter is 7 months old and when she pushes herself up on her front arms and tips over onto her back, she occasionally bonks her head on the &quot;wall&quot; of the pen.
The mesh lattice walls seem to have a little give in them.
She doesn't protest to being put in it because she has a sense of freedom and scoots all around and is still be able to see us.
And we can keep an eye her as well.
It is the perfect size as not to intrude on living room space but big enough to hold her ever-growing little body and a ton of her toys.
We bought a second one for upstairs and we're going to try to connect them together for outdoor occasions.I was initially given this product as a gift for my 9 pound chihuahua.
It's great in the sense that it contains him very well.
It contains his crate, wee-wee pad and food bowl with plenty of room for him to play around in.
I bought a second one to use as a gate to keep him from going up our stairs.
Very sturdy product and we plan on using this also when we have kids.
but I was able to use it for other purposes which was great, such as enclosing the fireplace.
The floor stickers, or whatever they're called, to keep it in place left sticky residue on my hardwood floors which took some effort to remove though.I recommend getting the extension that goes with this gate to make it big enough.
It doesn't need to be connected to itself to function well.
If you do plan to connect it in an enclosable shape, it takes a little getting used to the connection mechanism.
I put this with the extension kit around his Laugh and Learning Home by Fisher Price and he is able to play while I get a few chores done.
It takes some strength and adult wile to open the sections and bend the connectors at various angles to thus reconfigure the overall shape.
There's a slight trick to negotiating the opening mechanism in a panel, but once you "get it", it's easy enough.
I suspect many of the comments about difficulty of set-up were written by those who had just set the thing up for the first time or who don't move it around a lot and who have forgotten "the trick".
We're on our fourth month of using ours, and it's very easy now to open and close the corral, as we call it (perhaps in part because we do it frequently).One of the big advantages of this type of arrangement is the shape of the enclosure can be changed.
If you put a 120 degree angle at each of "joints" and form at least a hexagon (with the basic model) or an octagon (with the model plus one extension), you get an incredibly stable structure.
Your little bruiser may be able to push it around a bit, but your average baby isn't going to get very far.
That's your trade-off with this type of yard versus a smaller crib or similar yard.The expectation for this should be as a semi-temporary safe play area.
The SuperYard has at least made a part of this room safe enough.As for being able to climb over it -- there may be some prodigious children who can scale this using the lattice work as foot-rests, but I strongly suspect they can scale other things as well.
Our little guy can pull up on the frame, and it occasionally slips a few inches, but I don't know a lot of toddlers coordinated enough to know how to climb a fence AND who have small enough feet to use the rather small lattice openings.
Folded up, it takes up about as much space as the smaller Pack N Play but at about half the weight.Where this has been less than ideal has more to do with our kid than the product.
He doesn't like being left alone in it, but neither does he like being left alone in any of his other confinements (e.g.
crib).
I was working from home, and most days I was upstairs and on the computer.
The litter box, the stairs, plugs, you name it, she found a way to get to it.
I bought this and it was great!
We even purchased the extension kit, so she basically had the whole room, yet was contained.
It keeps his toys, books, blankets, etc.
We bought the Superyard XT to use as a playpen area for our son.
Very tall2.
Able to see though the gates, great for both parent and child.4.
Easy to fold up (with some elbow grease)5.
Very Very easy to store away.6.
Somewhat easy to wash (not like the plastic walls on the Playzone - you just wipe clean), we had to take the gate into the yard and rinse it off with the water hose.8.
If you want to use the Superyard as an extensive gate to block entranceways this gate is fantastic in every way.
If you are buying to use as a Playyard, then buy the Playzone if you have an extra fifty bucks.I recieved this as a shower gift and began using it when my daughter began to crawl.
As she grew (and the number of toys as well), I purchased an extension to make the area bigger.
It was great for both indoor and outdoor use.
We also used it to block the large open area between our kitchen and family room that no other gate would be large enough to cover.
Now that winter is here and she is running about, we are using it to block our wood(pellet) stove to prevent any accidents.
We also plan on using it around our Christmas tree again this year.
Well worth it for it's versatility.I began using this when my first daughter began to crawl.
I liked that it was bigger than any playpen or playyard and could accommodate my growing daughter as well as her toys.
It is easy to put together and I purchased an additional section to make it even larger.
We have used it at home, at the beach, in the yard and as a barrier for both the Christmas tree and pellet (wood) stove to keep our little ones safe.This gate is an indispensable thing in our household.
We have twins and it seems to keep our kiddos as well as all their stuff in one place.
They can't stay in here for too long, but it's great for when we need to cook and can't have them by our side.
My 5 month old didn't seem to love it, but would sort of press the buttons and screw around with it.
Unfortunately, at 6 months, she can now sit up, but has little control over her body.
Today, she flailed herself towards the cube and banged her eye socket against one of the corners.
He loves watching the flashing lights and hearing the music.
Worth the $$.We got our twin boys this Mozart Magic Cube for Christmas, when they were 6 months old.
We liked everything about it...except that it was TOO LOUD!
I've actually been amazed at the number of baby toys that are annoyingly loud.
Some to the point that they made our babies cry (like this one).
It's as if the annoyingly loud music emanates from every crevice.
Which is why it has been put away since Christmas.
Now that the boys are 9.5 months I may try to bring it out again and see if they will tolerate it.
If not I'll just sell this overpriced piece of plastic at my MOMs Resale next month.Our 11 month old really loves this toy, he loves swatting the sides to make the music turn off/on.
Amazon quickly replaced it and so far all is well with the second toy, though we've only had it a few days.Both of my twins LOVE this toy!
I did find it interesting that they enjoy one of the songs more than others and will keep pressing the orchestra button until they find the song the like.
He's five months old now.
It startles him and made him cry a few times.
Decided it was a bit too 'manic' for him.
Maybe when he's a bit older.I was so excited to get this for my 1yo, and it is a great toy...  My 1yo & 3yo love it.
BUT it has an issue with batteries!
When it begins getting low on power, the music sounds warped, like an old warped record, which is dreadful!
Perhaps we got a defective one.
I don't know.
It's easy to press the buttons, and she loves the music.
I think this is a great buy!This thing as so loud and piercing.
I'm a very musical person, so I'm picky about these things.
I am SO GLAD someone bought this for my son.My son is 5 months old.
He is entertained by this toy (so am I).
But, he does press the buttons himself.
The lights just add to the experience.I don't think the sounds are that far off.
It's a baby toy remember.
Unfortunately, it will only cycle through the songs by pressing the Orchestra button multiple times.
Hopefully she'll enjoy it for a few more months!great item, my baby loves the music, i love it as well pressing all the buttons, i would def.
recommend this item.It's a bit on the loud side, yes, but my baby loves this toy.
She smacks it, turns it around, bites the corners.
My MIL freaked out when it ran out of batteries.
And it plays a lot of tunes-excellent purchase.This toy seemed very well liked and is recommended on many toy homepages in the Top Ten Toys.
We received it early on and I think he liked the sounds of it somewhat.
Even then he'll only shortly press some buttons and then usually starts picking it up and throwing it.
This thing is heavy for a little person and I'm afraid that it could hit his foot or smash through our french doors.
The Best thing about this Music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.I believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.Cons: The battery didn't last long.
However, communicating with Drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle.
I would actually recommend either getting a used model with all purple corners (the older model) or buying  it at a brick and mortar location so you can actually listen to it.
If you are going to purchase on Amazon, consider another vendor.
Very disappointed.
I do think the on-off switch is a blessing for the parents.
This is a great way to make music fun for kids and I think all would enjoy this toy.Bought this as a gift because we love the one we own!
By far the least annoying music making baby toy.
We received a used one as gift when my daughter was 9 months and it has held up great over the years.
Both of my kids love it too.My 10 month old daughter loves this toy and we also like the music it plays.
Also, it is a great size to travel with for road trips.
Definitely a toy we recommend.
We have also given it as a gift and the one year old loves it.I worked in the church nursery for over 4 years with this toy in one of the toyboxes available to the children.
At first, he was fascinated with looking at the lights and hearing the music.
But as he got older, he learned how to play with it more.
He is now almost 18 months and he knows which songs he likes over other ones.
He will hit the blue button multiple times till he gets to the song he wants to hear.
I love that he loves this toy!This toy is great.
Not annoying and definitely a plus that there is an on/off switch.
My 7 month old figured it out pretty quickly and loves to bang, roll and chew on the thing.
She even gets excited when the music picks up and wiggles around.
Well worth the money.We like this toy.
The corners are very soft and it is very easy for a baby to turn on and off.
He loves moving it around the room.
A few of the sounds could be improved.
But I would buy this for a friend.My daughter played with this a lot for a few weeks.
Now at 15 months, she periodically touches it when passing by.my daughter likes it okay especially if I play it for her, but it is too loud.
I guess it is educational ....My 9 month old loves this musical cube.
Overall, I'd recommend it for your little one.My twin babies, now 9 months, liked this one right away.
And the Mozart pieces using different instruments makes the cube not tiring at all as I would have expected.The cube is a bit heavy, but they roll it around without difficulty at all.
They can't throw it and it has rounded edges, so it's safe for them.
Probably the price has come down and this used to be much more expensive because I notice in the earlier reviews mention about the high price.
I am surprised there aren't more toys for children at this age, so the really good ones like this one do not involve much thinking before buying on my part.Forget replacing the battery as it's not simple.Has 8 recognizable tunes and easy enough for our 9 month old to figure out.
Nice silicone-esque edging makes it easy to grip and keeps from sliding.This is just the biggest hit with the grandchildren and their parents probably thanks to Mozart.
The on and off switch is easy.
It stack and stores!I love this toy, and so does my 13 month old son.
He got it for his birthday, and he plays with it every day.
So far, we have had no trouble with it, and the batteries haven't even needed to be changed yet!
At first, he would just roll it to the orchestra side and hit that until it started playing.
Then he  learned that if he hit it again, the song would change.
So now he plays one song after another.
He plays with it for hours.
I don't get tired of hearing it either, because there are several different songs, and the sound quality is not irritating.
Also, the tones of the instruments fluctuate a little bit, which makes it sound more like real instruments than electronic tones.Long story short, this has stood up to ALOT of play already, and we like it just as much now as we did when we first got it.I got this for my granddaughter's first birthday and we both love it!
We both keep pushing the instruments to hear more music.
I see why it is one of the most popular infant and toddler toys.
I hesitated to purchase this after watching a video review on here showing the violin sound.
I have played piano for 26 years and violin for 23 so I might be pickier than some as  far as the sound.
I love that you can hear each instrument's part separately and choose which instruments you would like to play together.
My 1 year old likes to push the buttons to listen to the music while he plays with other toys, and often as soon as the song is over he will stop what he's doing to start another song then go back to playing.
She carries this around everywhere.
Just watch the toes as it is a bit heavy.I bought this for my 3-year old daughter as one of her Christmas present from Santa Claus, she is not that into it, I think this is best for kids age 6 months to 2 years.
I was going to buy it on Amazon, happened to find it elsewhere for just a little over $20.My daughter LOVES this toy.We first gave it to her at 6 months for Christmas, which was too early.
Around 8 months or so, she started liking it.
The more she figures out how it works, the more the likes it.
At 11 months, she plays with it all the time.
My son fell in love with this around age 6 months and still plays with it at 1 1/2.
A piece of advice: it took me a little while to figure out that you had to press the orchestra button a few times to change the song.
Before I figured this out, the same song was driving me crazy!
It's one of the VERY few toys he will stop and play with.
He has always loved music from a young age.
He like to hit the various buttons and it is small enough for him to carry around.
It also can take lots of abuse.
My 4 year old daughter will play with it as well.
Eventually, we had to cut the plastic ties very close to the toy and then push the raw ends into the toy, where they still are (and we hope they stay there).
There seems to be no way to remove them entirely.The itself is well built and is exactly what you read about above.
Baby (7 months old ) loves it.
Good quality.This is a great transitional toy.
We've had it since my son was tiny - as an infant, he liked to look at the lights and colors.
At 18 months, he dances to the music and loves pressing the buttons.
I don't think he fully gets the concept of adding and removing instruments to the orchestra yet, so once he figures that out, we'll have many more months of fun with the music cube.
The music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.One word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs.
I messed with it constantly when my son was an infant and too young to understand how to add and subtract instruments from the full orchestra sound.
It lasts for years, offering various entertainments to various ages of kids.
Warning, it's very heavy.
Don't put it in your backpack when traveling to grandma's (we learned this lesson).
The rubberized bumpers on the corners are fantastic for safety.
My niece had it before, so I knew it was a must-have with my little guy already.
I love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him.
He loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).
An added BIG PLUS for parents - it does have an "off" switch.
:)  SO key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.Great, fun toy.
From a very early age, we watched in amazement as she responded to the sounds of the music, obviously recognizing changes.
We could see the pleasure on her face.
As time went on, she played with the toy herself and was constantly drawn to it.There was always a limited assortment of toys for her to explore on the living room floor.
She loved to play with some more than others.
This is one of the best toys we have ever seen to develop delight in music!She is beginning to talk now, and I feel certain that her first words will be, "GET ME A HARPSICHORD NOW!!
"Love it!My one year old son has played with this toy since he was 6 months old and it still entertains him.
I can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while I try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head.
My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.
He received this for his 1st birthday and it was an instant hit.
He quickly learn how to work it and he still loves to play with it at 20 months old.I bought this product as I was looking for some alternative toys for my 7.5 mo son, so he cld play/hear music when he wakes up in the morning in crib, instead of trying to stand up all the times.I love the product after reading reviews, love the rounded corner, love the design that baby has to play all by HIMSELF!
My boy totally enjoyed it for the first couple days and could sat and played for 20 to 30 min, it totally amazed me.
Until one day I found him, after playing the cube for 15 min, covering his ears and trying to escape.
He moves it around, bangs on it and lights it up with music.
My 8 month young daughter loves it too.
It never gets old and it's so much fun to hit all the different instruments, then listen to them all play in sync.
Great buy!
!My daughter got this when she was 3 months old and it was one of her favorite toys.
She'd kick her legs to turn the music on and off.
When I bought it my baby was a newborn, so mostly I played with it.
But now my baby is seven months old and absolutely adores it.
My 19-month-old seemed to enjoy both versions.Before you get this product, ask yourself, "What value do I think it will have for my child?"
Here are a few possibilities:1) You just want some kind of musical toy with which the child can interact to change the song that's playing.
)2) You want a musical toy that's a bit more interactive, where the child can change the sound of the song that's on.
If you have any thought like this in your head, banish the thought of getting this toy - you will likely be disappointed with either version of it.
You will certainly be disappointed on this count if you get the Munchkin version.
And the violin - forget it!
It doesn't even sound like a string instrument, and I doubt a child hearing the violin part on this cube and then hearing a real violin would hear any similarity.
On the newer Munchkin version, only the piano sounds like the same family of instrument - kind of like a harpsichord, as one musically-trained reviewer has noted.
The rest of the instruments sound like synthesized crap.
(I suspect that none of this will matter to you in the least if you just want a musical toy your child can interact with in some way, and despite this shortcoming, I think most toddlers would enjoy either version of the toy just because it is plays music and does so in an interactive way.
As you can tell from what I've said already, I definitely agree with other reviewers that the newer Munchkin version of this toy has much inferior sound quality than its predecessor.
Not only are the Munchkin instrument sounds largely unrecognizable, but the music overall sounds tinny, with the result that it is really grating to listen to it for any length of time.
And if your kid likes this toy as much as ours does, you will be listening to it a LOT.
I think that for this reason alone, it is probably worthwhile to check the listings until you can find the older Embryonics version of the music cube.
Then again, if your kid already has lots of toys that sing and make noise (mine doesn't), you may have developed the ability to tune out any kind of tinny synthesizer-produced ruckus, in which case you might as well save yourself the trouble of hunting down an Embryonics cube and just get the Munchkin version.Also, it is worth noting that the newer Munchkin version is marginally better-looking, in case that matters to anyone reading this review.
On the Embryonics version, all the sides are a somewhat drab yellow, with only the edges and centers of the cube offering any variety in color, whereas the Munchkin version is more colorful - this is the version pictured in all the product photos.This is a great musical toy.
I think it's very well made and should last a long time.
I've heard the Munchkin one play in person and it sounds like it is dying and about to run out of batteries.
Seriously save yourself some money and buy an original one (even if it's used).
I got mine on ebay.What a GREAT musical toy!
Our kid loves it, plays with it all of the time.My 13 month old son loves playing with this.
They are threaded through these tiny holes in the product and I haven't yet gone out to get pliers as someone else suggested.
You shouldn't need pliers to free a toy from its packaging.
Obviously the manufacturer didn't receive the memo that we are pushing for frustration free packaging.
No luck.
If they just used regular string, it would easily come out, but these plastic coated wires are too stiff to pull through in the manner that they have put them.This is a great toy.
My 7 month old daughter loves it and so do many of my musician friends.
If it were 1/2 this loud, I'd let me daughter play with it all the time.
As it is, I usually limit her to playing with it with me, so I can hold it away from her head/ears.Due to the too loud volume, I'm giving it a 4 star review, instead of 5.
Otherwise, it is a great, great product.My children (an infant and a preschooler) like this toy--but it is WAY too loud.
I wish there was a way to turn the volume down.
I'd return this if I purchased it at a store, but it's too much of a hassle to return this to amazon.
So sad.I love the music on this but my little guy does not seem to interested in this.
He has had it since he was 6 months and has only shown a passing interest in it.I love this toy for babies.
I love the bouncy ball style corners to keep baby from injuring himself.
This is a heavy toy.
It hurts (a lot) when thrown by toddlers.
(It does stand up to the beating, so that is a plus.)
Take this toy away when they are toddlers!
And if you have both a baby and a toddler, don't let either play with this toy!
Plays several songs by Mozart; baby can play a song with all instruments at once by pressing "orchestra" or one at a time.
Baby can also turn off instruments one at a time.
In fact, I may have to buy two - my twins fight over it constantly!
I wish there was a volume control.My little one loves this toy (and my nephew loved his many years ago too).
It's easy to turn instruments on and off herself, and she loves hearing the different instruments (and combination of instruments) play the same tune.I bought this but my little one is definitely not old enough yet to grasp the concept...but she is getting there and lives to play with it, and so do I!
Love it, bought one for my nephew and cousin too!I bought this for my 19 month old son based upon the reviews of others.
Well, the reviews were right -- this is a great toy.
In addition, it seems to be well made, with rubber bumpers on the corners.
My son loves this thing, and becomes very involved when playing with it every time he uses it.
Highly recommended.The musical sounds don't sound like the real instruments, they just sound like a cheap toy.
Also, I thought each instrument would play its own melody, how it would in a real orchestra.
The ones on that toy are really neat.Why can't manufacturers put a volume control on all toys or at least err on the side of being too quiet?
this toy is a great concept and plays great music, looks great, but is too loud.
espeically when my baby is playing with it right next to their ear.Unfortunately many other toys are too loud too, so this one is probably worth recommending to friends/family.
but it could be better.All the grand kids loved it and do the parents.
It's a great gift for years.
I'm still giving it 5 stars because I think it will be a toy he'll enjoy more and more as he grows and becomes more able to interact with it on its own, but for a younger baby, you might want to look atBaby Einstein Baby Neptune Ocean Orchestra Musical Toy, which has a similar conceit.So, first when I opened it I tried to remove the packaging strings and there was no way to remove them so I ended up cutting them (but a small piece was left inside the cube at 4 corners) ...
To change the tune you have to press twice on the orchestra side rather than only once, which I find annoying.
Both he and my 2 year old LOVE it.
My 2 yr old will announce each instrument as she adds them into the melody.
My husband is a music educator, and he gives this a big thumbs up!
Thank you Santa!
But why, oh why, didn't they put a volume switch on this thing though?
!My older children like to turn this on to play with their little sister, and it is ok for the first few minutes, but it is so darned LOUD, I'm practically loosing my mind.
But please MUNCHKIN, for the sanity of future parents receiving this as a gift, put a volume control on it!!
!If you are looking for a great gift for a parent, seriously considerPlayskool Busy Poppin' Pals (Colors May Vary), it's lasted through 3 kids, six years, and still going strong.
This is a baby's toy for $20.
The music is clear.
The lights flash when the music plays.
I think it's neat that you can add or subtract musical instruments during the song that's playing so your baby can hear what each individual instrument sounds like.My daughter loves the toy.
It keeps her occupied for long periods of time and she's learning the names of each instrument and how they each sound both together in an orchestra and individually.The people who are expecting this to be something more than it is need to understand that the toy wasn't designed for their enjoyment.
The toy was designed for children.
Buttons don't depress easily or distinctly.
unpadded edges.
Buttons require too much strength to push for a 6 month old.
Definitely NOT for under 1 year olds.
She has loved it from the very beginning and her interaction with it as she grows is ever changing and stimulating.
She has gone from just looking and listening to it, to pressing the buttons herself and chewing on the ends as a teether and has begun to select the music and instruments on her own.
Sings 8 diff Mozart tunes and lights up.
The violin doesn't sound at all like a violin.
But this cube is a lot of fun!
You can have a piano solo, and then add other instruments on top.
It will be a long time before my baby will be able to turn the cube or pick it up, for now it just sits on the floor between her legs and she's able to hit the buttons that are facing up/out.Cute product.
Maybe she'll grow into it?My daughter loves this toy.
he is blind and cognitive delays.
this isn't nearly as annoying as most toys.
it only gets annoying bc he bangs on it for hours on end.
he loves itI think a lot of kids these days have this toy.
Trust me, for a toy it's totally fine.
You can still tell the instruments apart.
You can't expect your baby to become a little Mozart just by listening to this cube 5 minutes a day anyway.Everything seems to function well.
It's safe.
I have to say the toy itself is a bit heavy.
My son likes to grab hold of it while rolling around and sometimes he drops it on himself and cry...This is such a great toy.
He couldn't help but play with this in the store and I thought that since my baby loves music so much she would probably enjoy this.
I was a little put off by the price.
(I paid a bit more than it is here) but it was worth it!
My daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and I even found myself and my son playing with it together!
I'm sure as she gets older, she will really enjoy how interactive it is.
Such a cool toy.
I would recommend this and will probably give as a baby gift in the future.I hesitated to buy this after reading some of the reviews comparing it to the old Embryonics version.
You see, I bought that version at a secondhand store back when my three-year-old was a baby.
One day we brought it to a friend's house, and someone else's kid somehow broke the battery cover in such a way that my attempts to fix it with super glue were futile.
I went back to the secondhand store to find the other one I had seen on my initial visit, but I didn't find it.
The battery compartment cover now has two screws (rather than a screw and a tab that put stress on the cover every time you had to put it back on) plus a pull-out box that contains the three batteries.On the Embryonics version, sometimes the instruments were out of sync.
It just seemed that one or two instruments were slightly behind the others.
This isn't an orchestra; it's a child's toy.
It introduces them to some new music plus some musical instruments they might not encounter otherwise.
Do the individual instruments sound like the real thing?
Kind of.
But again, it's a child's toy.
The sound quality does tend to suffer as the batteries start to die, but that's to be expected.
It gets quieter and flatter, like the instruments are slightly out of tune.I'm generally not a big fan of noise-making toys, especially ones that play music because the music tends to be very annoying.
The music can be a little loud, especially when it's got new batteries.
That would probably help retain some battery life, too.Overall, my baby loves this toy, and my 3-year-old, who loved it as a baby, still loves it.
They actually play with it together, which is rare.
the sounds are also pleasant and not as annoying as most musical kids toys.My ten month old loves this toy.
Overall a great purchase.My daughter loves it and I love it too.Its a fun fun fun musical toy!!
!Well built toy!!!
The edges are carefully covered with smooth soft plastic.
My son seems to love looking at it and pushing the buttons, I think once he is a bit older he might appreciate it more.
However I do agree it is a great book shelf toy too.
IT looks fantastic!I got it for my 1 year old son.
He likes to push the buttons and listen to the music.
It's sturdy.
He's thrown it a few times already, and it bounced off the hardwood and still works fine.My only qualm with it is that it sounds like the batteries are dying.
I changed out the batteries and it sounded the same.
:-/Given that I know this, I also know that he loves playing with it, and that outweighs my feelings.
I'd get it again in a heartbeat if we ever lost this!This is one of my son's favorite toys.
He's been watching/listening to it since he was born.
Currently likes to kick the buttons with his feet and loves the music (as do I).
This is a toy that will provide entertainment for months to come!Got this early on but the baby appreciates it more now that she is six months.
At least I think so.I purchased this toy for Christmas for my daughter who was 10 months old at the time and she loved it right away.
I find myself playing with this toy, as do many of my daughter's young playmates and their parents too!
Some of her older cousins, who are 7-9yrs old also find enjoyment playing with this toy as well and this just proves the endless possibilities this toy provides as well as many years of extended play.
So far, this toy has been dropped quite a bit and it still looks/functions as new as the day I purchased it.I'm also aware that this toy is what many have called a cheaper reproduction of the original that was out many years ago, but the product I received is pretty good too.
The Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube is very engaging and while others have said the music sounds &#34;tinny&#34;, I didn't find that to be the case at all.
I'm no music expert, but to my ears, each of the instrumental sounds is clear and pretty to me!
I suspect that maybe I received a newer model and the quality has been improved and if that's the case, I HIGHLY recommend the purchase of this toy.
He always grabs it first in a pile of toys and loves the music.
It's great for adults too because it's classic tunes, not annoying like some of our other toys.
This is in the top 3 toys of all time in our house and that's saying something.My son has this cube; i bought this as a gift for my sister's son...it is great.
Great for little ones that are learning "cause and effect.
"Got this as a gift when baby was 5 months.
He liked mouthing the somewhat soft corners and I played it for him.
He now plays it himself (13 months).
The quality of music is very good, not mechanically computerized like some toys.
It has five or so songs and you can turn off and on each instrument.
That is pretty neat.
Baby likes it.
Batteries last a pretty long time in it.
It seems really tough.
It has a very solid feel, which worried me at first because I was afraid baby would hurt himself face-planting into it, but no injuries.
The corners are rounded and slightly rubbery.
old daughter for christmas.I love this toy.
There is an orchestra button on one side that starts a song or switches to another song.
Each song is a classical music track.
When a song is in play you can push the other sides of the cube to add or subtract instruments.
It is clear that the programmers put a lot of thought into creating it.
I love that this cube respects this concept.
He loved it.
While it is not the highest quality music, this is a toy that was meant for children and they seem to really enjoy using it.
great buy, andone which travels with baby easilyMy six month old grandchild loves this even though she is still somewhat young to fully appreciate it.
This is a great toy for infants and toddlers.
Here is why:1.
This cube stimulates touch, sight, and sound in a creative way.
When your child touches a side of the cube, it lights up and the instrument starts playing.
Touch a second side, and the second instrument plays in sync with the first one (which is still playing), etc.
If you want to hear everything at once, just hit the orchestra button.3.
There are no sharp corners.
Instead each corner is rounded and has yellow, purple, green and red colors.4.
As the name indicates, the cube plays music from Mozart.
For a toddler the quality of the music on this cube is just fine, so don't let that negative review discourage you from buying this product.Bottom line: This is a well made quality toy.Update May 20, 2012: My now 16 month old granddaughter still loves to play with this.I really like this magic cube.
Our toddler plays and dances to it a lot.
But now he's 6 months and he plays with the cube longer and longer.
This is one of my baby's favorite toys now!I had high hopes for this item based on other reviews, but it was a huge letdown.
I will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.Update:  This is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.
I wish I could turn it down.
I sill stick with my original rating, though.
Recommend buyingMy five month old loves this product.
She uses it to support herself while sitting up and explores the buttons with complete concentration.
Considering most toys only hold her interest for 5-10 minutes, the 15-20 she gets out of this speaks for itself.
Recommended.Borning toy and my son was over it the minute he opened it up.
Music is nice but the buttons are hard to press for a child so be ready to sit there doing it for them.
Given the age that a kid outgrows this, you won't have much use for this very long.I always read reviews on this website and the Babies R Us site before buying a product.
The music and flashing lights immediately captured his attention and, as he grew, he played with it more and more.
I keep it in his playpen and it's easily his favorite toy (besides his exersaucer and jumperoo).
At that point, they realized they could start and stop the music by hitting at it.
All of a sudden, they took great interest in it.
They could lean forward and balance on the cube while playing at the same time.Now that they have "figured" it out, the toy is a little less appealing.
I am waiting for the next enjoyment phase to kick in when they start noticing and playing with the different instruments.My only complaint, and it is a minor one, is that battery life is shorter than I would have expected.
He loves music and he loves his magic cube.
I would recommend it.My 8 month old isn't too impressed with it.
I do enjoy that the music is Mozart.I like this seat mostly because Elmo seems to have magical powers over little ones!
The plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside.
Depending on what kind of toilet seat you have, it also has a tendency to slip around.
I had to put some non-skid pads on the bottom so that it wouldn't fall into the toilet with a toddler's wiggling around.
It works well enough, and the colors aren't as bright as they appear in photo nor is the design exactly the same.
It's o.k.
for the price.
My daughter has trouble sitting back far enough because when she tries to scoot back, the whole seat goes with her.
Guard is useless in my mind since my LO can't climb over it, but otherwise a steal and saved me the trouble of getting a potty.I like the squishiness of the seat, but after my son has been sitting there a while (10 min.
I think once he gets more efficient at using the seat this will improve.
The urine guard at the front is also a separate piece just tucked in between the seat and the base, so when my son climbs on, he sometimes knocks it out of place (doesn't guard well then).
The description said it works with round and oval seats.
I would put 6 stars if i could!It fits the toilet seat very well.
It doesn't slide from side to side.
Easy to use,it's light.
Made in USA.This does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around.
It wouldn't dump my kid in or anything, but the slipping might startle a child.
I may see if I can find some sort of anti-slip stickers.
It looked flimsy and unnecessary.
My daughter loves the SpongeBob theme.
My son loved the seat... until I put him on it.
He walked around the house with it when we first got it, but as soon as I put it on the toilet and tried to sit him down on it, it was over.
He hates it now.
I have 2 complaints: 1.)
Part of the problem with my son may be that he's scared of the potty seat's wiggle when it's on the toilet.
I wanted something that would draw her attention to make her want to sit on it and this seat did it.
Day1 I thought she would be scared but she said &#34;Dora&#34;!
And sat on it with no fight.
The handles are great for keeping my daughter's hands busy instead of touching other things.
While it does slide around on some larger toilets, I'd say it fits well to about 75% of toilets we've used it on.I bought this from the wish list of a homeless shelter where I live.
the package blatantly lies in saying that it fits elongated seats - it will fit, but it'll also slide around and leave large gaps.
we use that for our elongated seats, and this ring for the tiny toilet that's in the hallway.
The packaging says it was supposed to have a splash guard and handle to hang on the toilet handle.
According to the packaging and description they were!
My son was attached as soon as it saw it so I couldn't return it.
Check when you buy one of these.
If you have a boy you may not want to buy this unless it has the splash guard.My daughter liked the seat she had (Primo Ducka) but really wanted a seat with handles for pooping.
This little seat seemed to fit the bill and was cheap enough that I didn't mind buying another seat.Yes, it "fits" elongated toilets.
But there is nothing to keep it from sliding around on the longer toilet seat underneath it - no clamps, no pegs, no rubber feet, nothing!
Every time my daughter tried to sit down, the seat would slide 4 inches backwards - landing her on the pee guard.
If I start with the little seat as far back as possible, it's too far for her to get on without help (she's nearly 3!)
and once on, her feet don't touch her fairly tall step stool.
It needs to be at the front of the toilet seat but it won't stay there.
So I have to be with her to hold it in place so she can climb on.
This thing collects pee.
The little pee guard is pointless.
This one just deflects her pee all over the seat, the floor, her pants, her shoes.
I shudder to think of the muck that is accumulating in the foam under the vinyl.She wanted one with handles.
Fine.
This piece of junk went in the trash.This potty seat fits the toilet fine, and seems comfortable to sit on.
I think that the splash guard makes it a bit of a tight squeeze for my son to sit on the potty--we need to put him on carefully so as not to pinch anything.
We have a baby bjorn brand one for our downstairs toilet and it does not have the same issue.My son is almost 2.5 years old, and has been potty training for about a month.
Also--if he 'aims' just right, pee gets under the seat, causing a mess on the regular toilet seat.
She loves that she can take it off and put it on another toilet if need be.
The fact that is Dora is a huge bonus for her.
It takes away room for daughters' pee to go down.
He was not pleased.
Neither was I.I also have a two mini-potties, the Fisher Price froggy and singing ducky.
It holds up well and she seems to enjoy seeing Dora.I have a boy, so the little guard cup was useful until my son learned to pull it out.
I wish it was permanently attached to the seat.
The seat is cushioned so it's nice and comfortable and it fits nicely on most seats.
It's also compact enough to fit in the diaper bag if you want to take it on the go.
For boys, it does come with a splash guard.
The padded part of the seat lifts up and it gets inserted between the plastic and padding.
It stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace.
They are soft and padded for little tushies.
My only gripe with them are the crevices underneath where crude stuff collects.
Hard as I try, the grime is still there.
It's a very low pee guard.
Basically too low to serve any purpose for a boy, but it's there, and it's high enough that boy or girl I can see them peeing on it and making more of a mess than if it wasn't there.
So I decided to skip this.
We kept it in our diaper bag.
I sent it back to Amazon immediately.
My daughter was very disappointed because she loves Dora!Purchased this for my Grandson to use at my house.
Buy it.My daughter is having some hard time with potty training, especially number 2.
And the size is just right.
My toilet is not exactly the same shape (the potty seat is somewhat rounder), but it is sturdy enough so it is not a problem.We love it and I highly recommend it.
There are other designs for boys as well, but the pink Dora one is great for girls this age.We got two of these for relatively cheap.
In concept, it's great.
My in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (Kohler and American Standard).
Pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there.
We also bought the Primo Ducka.
He will sit on that seat all day if you let him.
I was under the impression that it fit more securely such as clipped on at the handles.
It just rests in the hole of the toilet seat and slides around a bit.
When lifting my daughter off of the seat, her legs stick to it, it goes up with her and then falls back onto the toilet.
that adjusts to fit ALL toilet seats snugly.
I specifically researched and looked for one with that for my little girl.
It says it has one and the picture shows it.
I opened the package, thinking it might be inside the wrapping,but no, it wasn't.
Now, I'm out $15 and still have to look for another one.Two days later: I am adding this note on and raising my rating from one star to four stars.
After I wrote the above review, amazon contacted me within 24 hours and offered me a refund, even if I wanted to keep the item.
I was so surprised by the generosity of that offer.
Thank you, amazon.This is colorful, soft, and makes lots of fun sounds babies love.
I would recommend it to anyone for their baby.I know the dimensions are listed, but for some reason I was surprised at how big/long the caterpillar is.
He can easily pull it to his mouth to bite on it.
He's almost 6 months now and can focus on one area or another...it is still big for him.
my 2 year old niece visited and latched onto it and began imagination play.I think there was so much written about this that my head probably over rated it and now I'm discontent.
My kids doesn't even look at it unless I'm on all fours like a dog and carrying it in my mouth.
But, really, I don't think he's looking at the worm at all but thinking, &#34;Mommy has gone bow wow wow crazy.&#34; It's soft and not even cute.
Just, it is.
That's it.
No magic, just what you see people.
If what you see on the screen isn't making you scream and yell, it'll probably get the same reaction.
You want more, prepare to crawl and bark.This little worm has been great for my little one.
She loves that that head and tail rattle while she can squeeze the red and blue to get crinkle noises.
I just washed mine for the first time and aired it dry.
Still works great.
This gate is so easy to install.
SO I simply measure 3 inches off the floor and then marked the holes to drill and folded the template to get the upper holes marked.
I like this gate because it has two point of contact in the locked and closed position.
Both rails the upper and lower fit about 1 1/2 inch into a metal seat.
This makes it so secure.
I did pinch myself a few times opening this the first few times.
You have to slide the rail in a bit to swing it and there's a metal piece on the top rail that supports the two gates, ouch.
She's now 2 1/2 years old.
We have mounted it at the top of the stair.
This gate is very strong and is holding up very well (minus the fingerprints :).
A few times, I have caught my daughter standing at it shaking it or trying to stand on it, which I make her stop.
I'd done quite a bit of research on baby gates before purchasing this one at Babies R Us, but in trying to save a few dollars, I first went to Wal-Mart and bought a metal top-of-the-stairs gate, but I decided to take it back since it had a raised "platform" (for lack of a better word) piece at the bottom.
I returned that gate before we even installed it.
This gate doesn't have that "platform" and it is still very sturdy.
And when you are ready to put it back, just line the gate up with the brackets and slide it in place.
Let me start with the positives.
The gate itself is made of sturdy and aesthetically appealing wood.
It works well and looks great, IF the install goes well, and as EXACTLY specified (included paper template is great).
The mechanical 'lock latch' inspires confidence in that you can actually feel and hear it 'click into place', which gives one peace of mind.
Of course, one hopes that 'Evenflo' has determined this type of latch to be one that is not 'easily defeated' by the age group that it was manufactured/intended for (6 months to 2 years)!
Thankfully, it does seem like it is up to the task.
I also like the fact that the bottom latch receptacle allows for the gate to slide into, thus adding reinforcement to BOTH the top and bottom portions of this gate.
Way to go 'Evenflo'!
The negatives about the gate are as follows.
In many typical installations, there will be baseboard molding/trim that may get in the way of installing the bottom-most latch receptacle.
It did in my case, even after carefully measuring the proper clearance from the floor, as specified in the assembly directions.
Thus, I wasn't able to get the latch receptacle to clear the molding in order to screw in the bottom screw.
I had to thus cut (with a hacksaw) that portion of the latch receptacle, and 'modify' it for my installation.
I then was only able to use 1 screw (although a larger and longer one than provided), instead of 2, to install the bottom latch receptacle.
Thankfully, even just the modified 1 screw installation was very tight and secure going into the door jam wood.
Besides, MOST typical homes DO have some kind of baseboard molding, and mine was only 1/1/2" high, hardly anything large.
They are NOT the same dimensions, as one is thicker than the other (top latch receptacle is thinner than the thicker bottom one).
And she has broken pretty much everything else that she can get her hands on.
It was very easy to install.
I drilled mine to the door posts because I didn't want to take any chances with my little one.
My 7 year old niece couldn't figure out how to open this gate, much less the baby.
Peace of mind without breaking the bank is what this provides you.We have this gate at the entry to the hallway, which is at an angle.
It keeps our 100 lb dog out of the cat litter, and it will keep our 6 mo old boy out, too, once he can crawl and walk.
They took a little time to install (it was a snap the second time around), and they are as sturdy and secure as you can get.
We don't feel the slightest twinge of concern when our 1 year old leans against this gate at the top of the steps.
The gate is so simple to open and close.
Total PAIN.
Then, when it's unlocked, it slides for adjustment.
The thing is, there is no way to stop it so baby sticks his arm through slates as you open and then you have a broken or badly bruised arm.
We put a screw into the wood so it would slide just a little to help prevent that.
IF we had known about the second risk, we would have just taken it down then.
THe next morning, it was kid tested.
Yeah, all the kid has to do is push the bottom and it comes out of the bracket causing the gate bend foreward.
So far, I have seen my kids push it more than a foot out of position.
MAJOR STRANGLATION HAZARD.
Not to mention broken bones.
I have had to pratically hang on it to get it open.
Also, the gate now leans.
When opened, it leans to where a ball would roll for the from to the end of the gate.
We have had this gate for a couple of months.
My son has been able to push it out since he started crawling.
My 2 yrold can almost squeeze out by pushing on it which has lead to her getting stuck when I made a bathroom break.
Evenflo just needs to stop.
Every product I have had has been crap.
I am afraid to buy their carseats.
We plan to replace within the next couple of paychecks.I actually love having this gate at the BOTTOM of our stairs!
My 15 month old daughter rarely climbs the stairs now, but we often have other children over that do.
Then, when I need the gate, it takes less than a minute to get it out and slide it back into place.This gate is a life-saver for play group days!
Within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates.
Once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.Both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom.
This left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up (which of course we didn't.
)The Walk-Through Stair Gate is one of the less expensive gates I found when searching for a stair gate.
My whole family has had problems opening the gate at one point or the other.
I find myself double checking constantly to make sure the top and bottom have both "clicked" into their respective spot because it doesn't always on first try.
We purchased the First Years Hands Free gate for a different room (not a stairway) and it works GREAT.
So simple, easy to install, and very secure.
I have found that the metal gates work much better than the wood ones, not only from experience at my house, but at other friends as well.
We purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.
Let me tell you a few reasons why this will be the only baby gate we will buy.1.
You can buy extra sets of hardware to move the gate around depending on the circumstances.4.
It's so cheap!These are just the top few reasons why we love this gate.
I got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase.
It works great!
I love that it slides to the side as well as opens.
It now slides smoothly without pinching our hands.
That will happen with any slotted, sliding gate.
I'm always afraid she's going to wake the kids.
It will save a lot of frustration - for both of you!-----I've had this installed for a little over a week and have seriously pinched my skin twice on it.
What happens is when you unlatch it, you first have to slide the gate in, then swing it out.
There are metal brackets that hold the two halves of the gate together, and in which the horizontal wooden bars slide along to extend and contract (look at the photo - you'll see what I mean).
But when you're opening the gate in a rush, as I did today when we were hit with a sudden downpour and I needed to run upstairs to shut the windows, I put too much muscle into getting the darn thing to slide, and the outside of my hand got pinched beneath the metal bracket.
The first time I did this last week my older son woke up yelling for me and I wanted to get upstairs quickly before he woke the baby.
My hand got pinched under that metal part and I thought to myself that I need to be more careful.
But busy parents like us don't have the time to stop and think about being careful when opening a gate.
We have a lot of stairs.
5 openings to stairs!
These gates have been great for my sanity.
At first we bought a big playard gate that we opened up to cover two sets of stairs.
I had to climb over that at least 100 times a day!
Now we have these walk-through stair gates which are easy to use when holding the baby.
Before we also had a gate that just expanded to fit the door way and was attached to walls.
The dinosaurs are colorful and there are a lot of them to arrange on the little background.
However I give it only 3 stars because the background is small and very flimsy, and the set really smells bad.
We play with them outside and they work fine for that.I bought this set for my almost 3-year old son.
He likes them okay, I'm thinking we'll get more play out of them later.
The mat is pretty small, but cute (it's just a plastic sheet), and the assortment of dinosaurs is adequate.
I like having a storage container for the set so I don't step on dinosaurs!I bought these for my 2 yr old for Easter, and he loves this set!
It's a great deal and comes with a ton of dinosaurs (and love that the name of the dinosaur is printed on the belly!).
This was a surprise because A- she's the most feminine child ever, and B- I had long since finished my Christmas shopping and wasn't planning on buying another thing.
However, I didn't want her to lose faith in Santa and ended up searching Amazon to see what I could come up with.
This toy got my attention because it was a whole host of dinosaurs with a mat for them to &#34;play&#34; on.
My daughter loved it!
She doesn't get it out quite as often now that it's been a few months, but when she does she's every bit as delighted.
And the dinosaurs are such high quality, I know my ten month old son will be enjoying it in no time.So the container they come in is a little hard to open and close for small children but no less the fact that it comes in it's own organizational container is very pleasing.
The bottom of each of the dinosaurs states what dinosaur it is a model of.
I use a set of flash cards with information about the dinosaurs in combination with these dinosaurs to teach my son while we play.
I think they are slightly expensive for what they are you can buy similar products at the dollar store but those products like the educational value of these ones.
Overall, I would recommend these my son finds them fun to play with and they stimulate his imagination.
I only give them 4 stars because they are slightly expensive.Purchased for our 2 year old grandson and he loves the dinosaurs.
He doesn't have much use for the plastic play mat or the rocks, but plays a lot with the dinos and trees!My son loves to play "dino world" just about every day!!
The tub is great for storing the set & theres plenty of room for more things.
We keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.
The mat it comes with is kind of a joke , lasting maybe one day.
We received as a gift, so our annoyance is probably moderated.
There is no "play mat," but rather a thin piece of rectangular plastic that is more like an over-size disposable place-mat.
Only large enough for half the pieces.
Only received 10 out of 12, but not really missing them.Half the dinosaurs are very small (1-2 inches) and the other half are more medium range (3-6 inches).
Some people commented of the usefulness of the names printed on the undersides, but we have encountered 2 other brands that provide the same labeling, so that appears to be a given with a variety pack.The use of the big names "Animal Planet" and "Toy R Us" should be a tip-off.
Over-priced small dinosaurs, 6 trees, and a small plastic bin.Comes with 20 dinosaurs, 12 small rocks, a large volcano, a medium sized volcano, 6 trees, and a play mat.
This set is great.
It is still great.
My three and a half year old loves playing with this set.
The play mat is actually pretty cheap, but my son doesn't seem to care.
Once you put all the dinosaurs on it, though, it stays down just fine.
All the rest of the stuff is high quality and the tub is great for keeping everything together.
Just for size reference, the brachiosaurus is 6 1/2 inches tall, and this is the biggest dinosaur in the set.
I was worried that they were going to be kind of small, but they are a perfect size.The tub of dinosaurs and trees are pretty cool and abundant.
For some reason i thought the floor lay out jungle would be something more than cheap plastic similar to a disposable childs bib.As I am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since I had it at the top of the closet.
He can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day.
He had a few more, big and small ones that he just added to this set, so it is pretty amazing what he does when he's playing with all of them.
The quality of the mat is awful, but you really don't need the mat for this set.My daughter is now 7 months old and loves this.
She started going in it about 3-4 months.
She is all over the house, and pushing the buttons.
I would reccomend this to everyone with young children.
This is a lifesaver for me, I put her in it when I hop in the shower in the mornings and she stays in the bathroom rolling around in it, or just sitting there playing with all the buttons..
I love this walker!!!
!No complaints about this one.
Baby loves it.
We love it!My son has used this walker sense he was 4 months old.
We love it.
Yes it is a little loud, but we taped some of thoughse cotton wipes from the hospital over the speaker and now it is perfect.My daughter likes the sounds and interaction with the toy, but gets frustrated that she is "trapped" and can't roll easily on carpet.as soon as my son was able to sit up this was his favorite thing to be in.
he could spend HOURS in this.
i could give him snacks by removing the activity piece and he could run around the entire house snacking.there are rubber stoppers on the bottom of this so that if you have stairs they cant go down them even if they tried.
this was great for when he was outside with it.
we have a concrete steps walkway and he couldnt go down it and hurt himself, something i was not expecting but very useful!
also when he used this in the house he couldnt get into a lot of trouble with it(like touching outlets, opening cupboards) because he couldn't reach.
he still found it fun at such an older age because he would get a running start in it, then lift his legs for fast back and fourth travel around the house.
GREAT GREAT BUY!
i dont know what i wouldve done without it!This walker is great for tall babies like my son and the toys are enough to keep him busy.
It is made like an exersaucer rather than having "x" bars to go up and down, and one of the back legs won't stay in position.
While it could be an isolated issue, the plastic seems more flimsy than it should be.
Also, only the front wheels swivel which I didn't think was a big deal, but it does seem to hinder my son from going in any direction he wants at a given time.My daughter is 12 months today.
We have had this walker for 2-3 months.
She still loves it.
OF COURSE, I wouldn't leave her alone in it.
I don't think she could ever climb out of it, but I'm not going to chance it.We haven't had any problems with it... safety or otherwise...
I started to buy the mini mastreo walker but was turned off by some of the reviews.
This one is very easy to turn.
They have to be so that they can't be tipped over!
The price we found to be very comparable to other walkers.
If you can imagine pushing a shopping cart that wants to go it's own way that's the way it is with the walker.
The only know walk forward and crawl away when they can't move forward anymore.
With that said, understand that you'll have to walk with them to help them steer.Overall I remain convinced that a walker is good for kids to have so they have something other than their parent to hold onto to learn to walk but be prepared to help them walk in it because of the above mentioned bulkiness of the walker and the fact that I've never come across any walker from any company that's been easy enough for a little one to steer and push at the same time.5 stars for the idea and the toys but I had to take 1 star away for the difficulty to steer and another star for the limited time that my daughters used it.I did my research on a walker and decided on this one thankfully.
The wheels move great.
Very loose.
If you get one and the wheels are tight, call Graco and have them replace it.
It rolls well on carpet tile and pavement.I love the fact that it has the removeable noise making device with an ON/OFF switch.
It takes 3 "AA" batteries.
It can get dirty on the tray under the noise device too.My 4 mo.
old son loves it.
I love it.
When I go to the gym, I throw it in the back of the truck.
Then just take it out of the truck, put the boy in, and roll him right into the gym.
He lets me run on the treadmill for an hour when he's in it.
Very handy.I recieved a similar model to this walker, one without the electronic tray, for my daughter.
I am now a grandmother who babysits for my daughter.
The color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation.
5 stars*****Completely amazing play pen.
Eazy to pack up and great for playing!
We love the toys on the sides and the cool colors.
It is a great size too.The only improvement I could even imagine would be more padding on the pad.Good size (36 x 36), durable, sturdy.
Colorful and the little bugs on the mesh wall are a great interactive addition; that's a plus plus for me and the over riding reason why we got this specific playpen.How FUN and AWESOME!!!
Even I want to get in it and play!
It was so so so simple to put up!!!
Love the bigger size, while not being overwhelming...those smaller play yards just are too small to be used when you need them most...I am so happy with this play yard.
However when the box arrived it indicated that it is only 36X36, still plenty of space though.
I only paid $49.00 because I have the Amazon credit card and get reward certificates to use towards products, so between that and the free shipping I got a GREAT BUY for a GREAT PRODUCT.
Thank you Amazon and Graco!I bought it for my 4 month old son and he loves it.
Colors and decoration are fun and keeps my baby busy and happy.I bought one for my God child who is 6mths old and she loves it.
I couldn't be happier;I bought this playpen to use at my house when I babysit the grandkids.
My 10 mo old grandson seems to like to play in it.
It will keep him entertained for about 30 mins, which is enough to get dinner started or take care of his older brother.
He sleeps well in it too.
Just a great playpen.I came across this pack n play in Amazon after searching everywhere for a Pack N Play that would last my baby for at least the first year.Everything I saw at Babies R Us was too small, so I decided to take a chance on this one.
It is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with.
My baby is very particular, but she loves this playard.
It may to be obvious at first, but each of the walls has a bug with some functions.
for instance, the butterfly has wings that have foil inside to make squishing sound when you touch the,m.
I was happy to find that Graco made a square playpen, not only the smaller rectangular Pack N Play.
It arrived today and my daughter loves the bugs and the soft playmat.
I'll positively be back.I had a rectangular GRACO before, with all the bells and whistles, which I returned because the changing table couldn't hold the baby's weight.
Baby is safe, has a lot of room to rollover and she loves to look at th bugs.
Easy to set up.
I bought this pack in play several months ago because of the bright colors.
I love how much room it has compared to the standard size pack and plays.Like the other pack and plays this is easy to fold up and store against the wall.
She loves to play with the butterfly wings and hit the squeaky toy.
It is a generous size without taking up too much room on the floor.
I like that there is more space for kids and their toys.
She has fallen asleep in it many times.Not recommended but I have sat in it with her and it is very sturdy, It is very level.
I have had this for about 9 months now and it still looks like new.
He cries whenever I put him in.
I like it because it is huge and cute.
I am waiting for my baby to grow up a little more, may be he'll like it when he is already able to stand.
Lots of room to practice/learn crawling.
It's very sturdy and easy to put together AND the latches latch very easily.
I think it's rated up to 30lbs (or when the child can climb out, of course).Potential drawbacks:-Takes up lots of floor space (worth it to me for the extra crawling room).-It has built in noise-making toys on walls: a crinkle wing butterfly & a rattle bumblebee.
Neither are very loud, but still, they aren't detachable & might bother some people.
It also has a louder squeaky toy built into the ladybug on one side but I don't think a child could squeak it on their own; in fact my preschooler knows how and isn't strong enough to compress it enough to produce a squeak.
Apart from the four corner feet, there are four support feet (for a total of 8 feet) and no wheels on any of them.
I think it also comes in black, though.
As a bonus it comes in a large box AKA "toy" for other youngsters.
;-)UPDATE:  We've been using it for 6 months now and LOVE IT!
We have an always moving one year old baby.
The high walls keep him from climbing out, the extra supporting legs handle it when he jumps, falls or flops down with all his might.
The built in toys on the walls are still in great shape (I'm still the only one who can make the ladybug squeak).
I bought my son the pack n' play in rise n' shine with a bassinet.
What a waste.
He loves the stuff on the sides and stares at the bright colors.
I definitely recommend this.I'm a grandma and this is the shape of playpen that was in use when my children were babies except that they were a bit larger (about 42" square play area vs the current 36" square play area).
I find this shape to be less confining than the usual playpens now available that are basically the same thing as putting the baby in a bed.Playpens weren't this cute back then, but every bit as handy.
This unit is well built, stable, portable, and easy to fold (once you get the hang of it, it's not exactly intuitive).How could it be better?
Our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking.
We loved it so much we ordered one for my mother in law so she can have in her house when he comes to visit.
This exceeded my expectations for a travel crib.This is the perfect balance between being spacious enough for an active tot without taking up your entire living room.
I like that it is self contained (i.e.
has a base that sits above the floor) and that it has some built-in toys.
It also is very easy to fold and unfold.
This is the one I chose, easy up and easy down and easy to put away, plus being fun for them is an added bonus.
Thanks!Just got this playpen a few days ago.
Set it up without instructions in under 2 minutes, and I'm 6 months pregnant which makes some things a challenge.
Baby loves the bug toys on the sides.
She's just learning to sit on her own and I was very pleased to see when she fell back she did not cry - the floor pad is thick and soft so it cushioned her head.
With this I know if she falls back she won't get hurt.
Great purchase!let me state at the onset that this pack n play was a little above my price range.
I was hoping to pay for something around $75 at the most.
I had a pack n play from graco with the changing table attached.
I basically have it solely for that purpose - the changing table.
With the holidays coming and some overnight stays expected, I wanted one that was easy to put together and fold up and go QUICKLY.
I read numerous reviews on Amazon on several pack n plays.
I kept coming back to this one mostly b/c of the bright colors.
I was basically sold when I read one review that stated a 14 year old put this together in less than a minute.
NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
My mom and I put the graco pack n play with the changing table together and it was very difficult.
I think it took over an hour to put together with another person.
I took the totbloc pack n play out of the box and had it together within 2 minutes.
My 9 month old baby loves it.
it is VERY ROOMY inside.
She loves the bugs on the 4 sides too.
The bright colors are great.
Awesome toys!!
!Set up takes less than a minute and great as a portable playard.
The toys on the sides are a lot of fun for baby.
My 6 month old loves it.
We also have used it to help him calm down, if he throws a fit we just sit him in with a toy and tell him when he is ready we will get out.
Works well, just walk away and he calms down without an audience.
Then we get back out, also when I tell him I want him to go in so I can take a shower he goes to it and waits to be put in.
So he definately doesn't mind.
I got it for my husband who is a Penn State grad and there is more than an attachment to his alma mater with this one.
The blanket is one of the thickest ones you can get, very durable, super soft, and extraordinarily warm.
Fits well in any SUV trunk leaving plenty of space for luggage.
Disassembling it was a breeze and packing it was pretty straight forward.
I'll recommend this product.We love this playpen.
The colors are great and the attached toys are engaging.
=)When I was first looking for Playards I was becoming pretty dissapointed because all of them made it clear you could only use it with 1 baby.
I was asking my Sister in law about it and she said both her kids still play in theirs and they were 2 & 5 years at the time.
She said they are really rough in it at the same time and nothing is wrong with it at all.
I actually bought mine used and it was like new.
I took Clorox Spray anywhere and cleaned the mat, the bugs & the top rails.
It wiped right off & the fabric wasn't even wet, it is sort of water resistant.I started putting both my twins in here before they could sit up on their own.
I also always put extra toys in there for them which they love.
I used to keep this set up in our living room but now we keep it in our van to use when we visit people.
It is so easy to set up and tear down and my girls love playing in it.
I think we'll be able to use this for a long time.
Both my girls are 11 months old right now and can pull themselves up just enough to chew on the top rails.So if you're looking for something to use with twins, definately buy this.
It is perfectly safe to use.
Quick to set up and easy to put away or take with you, this little baby has enough room to give your baby some play space in the middle of the most hazardous locations.I think this playpen is great; it's spacious, sturdy, and colorful.
My 10 month old thinks it's a prison.
I first introduced her to the playpen when she was about 7 months old.
I think she found all of the characters at the bottom to be frightening, but she was fine after I put the sheet on.
I'd hoped she'd grow to spend more time in the playpen, but tolerates it less and less as she becomes more mobile.This is a great for play.
I am happy with it.We were quite excited to find this product - thought it was like the  type of playpen from 20 years ago to use for a child.
Between when I ordered in and when it was delivered, the words PACK 'N PLAY were actually added to the title of it.Luckily, Amazon seems to be pretty good about taking it back, but we are quite disappointed.We had to return this item because it was so big when opened.
I use their other Graco Pack and Play as storage for their toys since it seems a little too small for 2 kids.Although the bright colors are fun for kids, I'd like to see more neutral versions of this so it doesn't stick out so much in my living room.Fantastic product.
Our child loves playing in this pack 'n play.
Even if we don't put toys inside the walls are moderately entertaining for our child.
The sun has a mirror (plastic kind that sort of warps images), the butterfly has crinkly wings (fabric with plastic inside for noise), another side has a bug with wings inside and the final side has a squeaker (which is really hard to use).It's all one piece so no &#34;assembly&#34; ever required.
The ground mat that the child sits on servers as the exterior of the case that holds the pole-assembly together when folded up.
And there's a light-plastic zipper bag with handle that serves as a carrying case.
On the plus side of that, it is made of sturdy materials.My husband and I like to just try to figure things out and read instructions only after we are dumbfounded.
It was kind of funny for about 90 seconds, then we had to read the instructions, which, it turns out, work.
I kept trying to squeeze it but there is a button on the underside that has to be pushed up into the handle.
This pack n' play feels plenty sturdy to me.
We used this as a place to stash twin babies at home when they were too small for bouncy chairs and swings and such.
They got their tummy time and social time in it, although the pad is a bit slick for them to try to push with their feet to turn over, so a towel helps.
We also use it as a pack n' play when traveling for them to sleep in.
WOnderful colors, great toys ...Love it till every little bit of it.I have been looking for the play yard that I had for my children.
The other pack and plays are too small.
I don't understand why they don't sell these in stores all the time.
I live in Hawaii and have been trying to buy one of these for three years.
No one would ship to Hawaii.
When, I saw it on Amazon.
I was amazed and decided to try to order it.
And, amazingly they were letting me order it.
And, I ordered it on Sunday and received it on Wednesday.
My grandson was put in there immediately to see his reaction.
He is only 6 months old and loved it.
And, of course shipping it to me.
I am going to order one more.
Just totally LOVE it.I was able to pull this out of the box and put it together and less than a minute.
It is very colorful and the toys are very cute.
I have a 3 month old that is a little to small to play with them, but she like to lay in there and look around at the toys and the colors.
I think it is soft enough for naps and play time though.
My 8 month old played in there last night and scooted his bottom around in there and played with the toys for about an hour.
IT is 3 feet by 3 feet w/ no wheels on the bottom.
I have it set up in the corner of the living room where I will keep it.
My only change would be to have a cover that was washable for the bottom, but luckily I do not have a baby that spits up.I like this pack n play.
He is fascinated with the decor, even the butterflies on the bottom.
A great place for my grandson to learn to exercise his limbs safely.My baby loves to stay inside to play with bee and lady bug when she was small like 6 months old.Now she is 17 months old, sometimes I need to get things done so I put her in and give her some toys she still can play by herself, of course she sometimes complaints by yelling since she wants my attention, but I love this piece it helps me to get things done while she is in my sight, since I can fit this pc in my kitchenI love, love, love this play pen, its money will spent, it roomy and colourful, would defin.
recommend.
it makes noises as well.So babies love colorful things, no big surprise that she will love this play yard.
I sort of fixed that by putting something under the center leg.
The other negatives are that it's too colorful on the bottom and has too many pictures so the toys blend in.
I emailed the company and asked them about chemical fire retardants.
I don't know if anyone cares, but the foam mattress IS treated with chemicals - chlorinated tris.
It was banned in baby clothes by the FDA, and is banned in Europe because it's cancerous.
So I sent the yard back.
I'll be buying a Joovy, they don't use chemical fire retardants.
That was actually the biggest drawback for me.Although this isn't the lightest thing to carry, it is very serviceable!
Ever since I purchased this play pen for my grandson, it has been used every weekday.
It goes up about 8 a.m. and down about 4:30 p.m.
It still looks as new as the first time we used it.
I like the netting one the sides and the padding on the floor and rail.
Also, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to set it up or take it down.
And, it is bigger than the beds that turn into play pens in the Graco line.why do I love this play pan?
Very simple:1.
Great quality material; sturdy and safe2.
Large with lots of space (my grandson crawls around).
Can fit two kids!3.
Very easy to assemble!3.
Very colorful!
My grandson looks at it and want to jump from my arms inside of the pan.4.
It is nice but not eye catching like this one.It is worth every single penny!As soon as I opened the box, I could tell by the VOC's that this playard was treated with chemicals.
I called Graco to confirm that it is indeed treated with fire retardants.
In addition, some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl...like the entire face of the sun is PVC.
Why would you let your child play, let alone sleep in this toxic chemical stew.
I called Joovy about their Room2 Playard.
He had outgrown his regular pack and play.
I was looking for something larger but still had the sides.
I found this on Amazon and decided to give it a try.
I love this bed.
It does take up some room but it was amazing when we were traveling.
The bee has its two wings extended inside of the playpen and the wings make a rattling noise when moved.
The butterfly's wings are also extended inside the playpen and they offer the sound of paper being crinkled.
The ladybug has a squeak toy inside its body to create its own unique sound and the sun has a mirror for a child's enjoyment.
Each offers its own type of stimulation and since they are built in, they are always there.
Babies seem more entranced with this playpen than with the plain colored playpens.
They like looking at the bright colors and playing with the interactive, built- in toys on the sides of the playpen.Like other pack and plays, Graco Tot Block folds up for easy storage.
You need to remove the pad from the inside before you fold the unit because the pad acts as a cover for the rest of the playpen.
Once you have the playpen folded, it slips inside of the pad using Velcro straps to secure it in place.
Once the pad has been wrapped, the entire unit then slips into a plastic bag with a zipper to keep it shut.
This is simple enough, but I have noticed that this pack and play weighs a little more than others and it is also a little more awkward to remove and set up.
It helps to have a second person to open it up and prepare it for use.
But if you want to place your child in the playpen for a quick nap, you might have some difficulty due to the attention- grabbing colors and interactive toys.
The interactive toys can't get lost and the unit's bright colors make it appealing to children and adults alike.I have three kids.
Everything goes into his mouth - dust bunnies, little scraps of paper my other two kids overlooked when they cleaned up after playing with paper, anything.
He also pulls the kitchen chairs over on him, so we have them bungie corded to the table legs.
Of course we will still give him supervised time to roam, but we needed him to have a safe place to go other than his excersaucer.
He would much rather play UNDER the excersaucer.
We let him check out the playpen from the outside before we put him inside so he would be intrigued.
So far he likes it.
He is able to cruise in the playpen and gum the top rail.
I purchased some new toys to put in it too so he will have something new to play with in there.Each of the sides has a toy on the mesh.
I've checked out two of the sides.
One crinkles when it is touched and another is a mirror.
They seem to each have elements that are popular in baby toys.I also got another of the same playpen for my parents house.
They have a dog that chews his toys (and the baby's) to bits.
And their floor is not clean enough for a baby to crawl on.The playpen sets up and folds down just like the smaller Pack and Plays.
It is essentially the same thing.
It is a square as wide as the longest side of the Pack and Play.Buy this Pack N Play!!
All pros and no cons on this.
It was so simple to assemble, it took only about 3 minutes from box to being put up, and some of that time was to remove the tags.
Only three parts, just the frame, the folding padded floor, and the carrying bag.
It is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.
It is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.
You can purchase sheets for sleeping, but you won't need extra padding or an extra mattress, it's soft enough.
In my opinion, this is the best on the market.Be very careful using this play pen.
My baby loves playing without shoes or socks on.
He was plaing in the play pen wiggling his legs against the walls of the play pen.
Apparently the walls in the play pen are made from a very rough netting and scrubbed the skin off my babies toes.
At first I couldn't understand why he had blood on his toes but then we noticed blood lines on the white netting.
We used it from infancy to over age one year.
It was very easy to set up and assemble the first time.
Directions very easy to follow and took only minutes to assemble.
Just wipe it down.
Baby loved the toys on each side of the play pen and also the colorful block pattern on the mat.
Large play area inside.
This product has held up to alot of use for over a year and still looks new!
Also, we found no safety issues w/this product.
I did alot of research before choosing this product and this one meets our high standards.
Our baby tries to roll over and always rolls back into the center where it is low.
One time she rolled to the center placing her head lower than her feet.
This scared me so I feel we can only use it when we are sitting right beside the playpen watching her.
January 2013.
We are still using this playpen and it has held up well.
bright, safe, sturdy and soft at the same time.
my son loves touching/looking at the pictures and shapes of the sun with mirror, butterfly with wings that make sounds when you touch them, the ladybug with rattle wings and a squicky ladybug.
my son loves playing there and enjoys looking at the images even if he is out of the play pen.
thank you, it is a great item!LOVE this pack n play!!
It is very large compared to standard pack n plays and the bright colors are refreshing rather than the normal drab colors.
There are toys built into the mesh walls which provide easy entertainment.
We got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home.
She loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides.
I love it because it is a square and much larger than the plain one we had.
We HIGHLY recommend.We love it.
Great for the patio or when baby needs to be confined so gma can powder her nose.
Keeps the dog and baby apart.I can't express how much I love this play yard.
My son has been using and playing in this since he was 5 months old and he is 15 months old now.
The bright colors, designs, and toys caught his attention right away.
When I put him in other play yards we have, he won't stay in it long and wants to come out right away, but when we put him in this play yard he is completely distracted and has fun playing in it with his other toys.
There is a lot of space for him to move around and it is very sturdy.
It is easy to set up and take down.
The bright colors are exciting for little ones.
I bought a sheet made to fit the square playard, so we can use it for resting too.
For play time, it's great.I love this product in all respects, except for the four paneled padded flooring.The design of it tends to not lay flat, once you put a sheet or a cover on it.This is a real flaw in the design.
AND, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.
Just get the help of another person to secure thevelcro straps, and you will be all set.
It also folds up easily and stores nicely.
It is a little heavy, but they all are to me.
It is sturdy and I think it will last.
My daughter loves it and so do I!I read all the reviews on the pack and plays and found that the reviews on this one were all great.
I wanted something that could be both a place to sleep and a place to play.
With its bright colors and toys built in my nephews face turned to smiles.
He loves the rattle butterfly and the crinkle butterfly.
He plays with the toys on the pack n play more then the toys in the pack in play.
Set up was a breeze.
Before buying this pack n play we borrowed my brothers.
And take down, you prayed before you start that all the pieces snap apart and it will take you less then 20 minutes.
The bag is a little cheaply made then other bags I've seen but fits perfectly.
The padding on the bottom of the pack n play is thicker then others I have seen.
love the size and i use it all the time...my baby boy loves it too.Anyway I'm going to purchase it again for my newborn nieceThis play pen is great in that it is so much more roomy then my childs standard size one.
I ended up buying them both for my twins and here is the comparison.Ease of setup--they both take about a minute to put up.
This feels like its saving some space even though the dimensions are the same.Mattress--the graco has a very bright, colorful mattress pad with squares and bugs on it.
It has a decent thickness in terms of padding for the baby to be comfortable.
The pad also lays flat, but you do get a slight dip in the middle after a baby has been in there for a while.
The Delta has a colorful mattress pad but with 'gentler' tones of color featuring the animals on the mesh sides.
Even though it's not as padded feeling it feels sturdier.
If it's going to be up all the time at your house or daycare, etc.
If you are using it to bring around with you places (hotel, camping, on the back deck, grandma's, etc).
then I would go for the Graco because it is much lighter to lug around, and has built in toys so if you forget to bring some there is still toys for baby to play with.
Wish I had bought one sooner!
We have twins and they both can play in one together without them feeling like they are on top of each other.This Play Yard is brightly colored which my son loves, it takes a bit of getting use to for breaking it down and putting it up.
When my son spits up its very easy to wipe up off the mat it doesn't soak in.
I've had it now for almost a year.
I have purchased a few pack n plays rectangular and a few of these square playpens.
The pack n plays are great for naps, (I would say 18 months and younger), and easy to transport and some come with a bassinet for babies.
This square playpen is ideal!!!
It is so sturdy.
Easy to set up, take down.
Perfect for when you need to get something done.
It keeps those walking and crawling confined, but still gives plenty of space for them and a few of their toys.
Couldn't stand up without falling down.Gives you the much needed break so you can get things done.
Since this is for short terms during the day and I give him some toys, he doesn't mind it.
Then I put him in a portable crib for sleeping.
It is a little heavier than the pack n plays rectangular.
But it does pack up the same as the pack n plays, and you could transport it to a grandparents house, or babysitter, or the park.
Just a little heavier and larger than the pack n plays.
This has been a lifesaver!!
In my opinion, works better than using those portable plastic pens.
I tried that, didn't last long.
Wouldn't go back to that, and have no problems recommending these square playpens.The ones I purchased came with a thick padded mat.
It is very substantial and seems to work fine.
These square ones do not have wheels, so if you needed something really portable, you might want the rectangular.
If you are using for both play and sleep, I would suggest limiting the time the child is in the pen, so they see that as more of a rest area than confinement.Highly recommend this to all parents with Infant and Toddlers.
This is such a great playpen to have in your home as an alternative to the crib.
My son loves to play in it and also sleep in his playpen which we put in the living room.
You can also fold this up nicely and make it compacted for traveling if need to.
This is a great purchase!
But I already have another pack and play and I read it was big and cost 100 dollars so I placed it on my private wish list.
What I love about it?
I also love how spacious it is and I have fun playing peek-a-boo with my little one too!
Baby likes the colors and all the noises, he has plenty of room to move around and he is safe in it.
I love that it's made well and expect to use it for a while.this playpen is just way too adorable!
its colorful there lots of stuff to look at and touch, it has a mirror, crinkly, squeaker and a rattle on the inside my daughter loves this great buy!I love the size and sturdiness of it!
Gives kids more play room than the average playpen.
It also holds up well to our large baby playing wildly in it.
We haven't traveled with it so can't comment on the transportability.
We have it by our pool (baby gated) under the overhang so we can enjoy the pool and sun and yet have LO out there playing or asleep at the same time.
It is very convenient.
I wanted something larger for my baby to play in, and the Graco TotBloc definitely delivers.
That being said, this pack n play stinks as a napping or travel crib.
Every time she rolled around, it would make the rattle toy attached to the walls of the pack n play move.
It actually woke her up, and it was a long night.
Our 10-month-old daughter loves it - we have it in our kitchen so we can set her in it for a few minutes while we use the stove or chop up food (cases where, for obvious reasons, we wouldn't want her underfoot).
She can see us, we can talk with her, and she has plenty of room to practice pulling herself up and walking along the edges (and falling on her bum on the padded floor).
When she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).It's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case.
An all-around great product!This playyard is amazing!
It makes the other playyards look like a joke!
It looks inviting and fun to be in there!
This playyard has a really thick, high-quality floor that is comfortable and baby could sleep on.
The ideal playpen.LOVE this pack n play.
takes literally 30 seconds!
great value for money too.
we were intitally given a second-hand one (used at our home business) and loved it so much we bought a second one for home.reason for only 4 stars - i just wish the floor had a little more padding.
We put toys in there and our son love being in there.
The toys that are attached to the playpen are great and our babie always tries to touch them.
It's pretty spacious compared to typical other playpenI have had this pack n' play for a few weeks now and my son seems to enjoy it.
My parents have a Cosco playyard that they borrowed from a friend for when we visit.
It is the standard length of a traditional playpen, but the width is the same as well which gives babies much more space to crawl around in and play than the typical playard.
It is very simple to put up and take down.
My baby has only slept in it one night and it was fine for her.
It is very sturdy and the bottom mat has tabs that snap into the base of the frame for extra stability.
The sides each have a toy- a mirror, two rattle butterflies and one squeek lady bug.
The squeek is really hard to press so I often hold my hand on one side of the pen for stability and press on the other side but that is only an extra feature so I'm not really disappointed.
The pad seems comfy and she will be able to nap in it.
The toys on the sides are great, she loves to play with the butterfly.
My son crawls around like crazy.
He hangs out and plays or stands up and (tries) to talk to me.
I don't keep him in here for a long period of time because I feel that he needs to be a kid and crawl around too.
It's easy to pack up too.
I took it to the park with me.
I shoved it in the bottom of our UppaBaby Vista stroller.
#NYCMom**KEY NOTE*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend down.Superb!
It's a "must have".
She is able to play independently and you don't have to worry.Very big and roomy.
Folds and sets up with ease.
Poop and puke requires the washer.
And you're not able to do that with this pad.Needed a safe fun place near my home office and this was perfect.
Also plan to take it when we travel.Some features our 8 month old granddaughter find entertaining.
Pulling the center up just an inch allowed to lock it and the babe went in.
He instantly loved it - he can see everyone through the mesh, he loves playing with wings of two butterflies (rattle and crinkle) and  tries to pick the smiley faces from the mat or kiss them.
At 7,5 months old, he enjoys up to an hour  in it playing there on his own (he is not really crawling yet but learned to sit up on his own and can roll around it to reach toys and wings on the side panels.
Bugs on the sides are somewhat entertaining with rattles and squeaks.I bought this for my nine month granddaughter when she comes to visit.
She loves it!
It's practical, sturdy and so easy to set up and take down.
We have a sizable great room, which is child-proofed and gated off from the rest of the house.
But once our son started crawling, we needed a safe place to put him while working in the kitchen.
We had a regular pack-n-play, but it seemed cramped.
It's roomy enough for him to spread out with a few books or toys, and entertain himself for long enough that we can put away groceries, cook a meal, or do a load of dishes.
We took this  whenever we go on a trip and my son just loved staying here.
Totally recommend it!!
!Fantastic piece of baby gear!
Our 7-month-old loves the toys on the mesh walls, and he has plenty of space to scoot around.
The bright colors don't exactly blend with our household decor, but we'll live.
Easy to put up and take down.
Nice and roomy, she doesn't mind going in to play.
Very sturdy.
Will be handing down to my sister for her new baby.
It is very durable and well made to last.
It means I can go to the bathroom in peace and get some chores done knowing she is safe and amused.It is super easy to put together - it literally takes less than a minute - take out of the box - unfold it and it clicks into place.
It's large - about 38in square so you'll need some room to place it.
The flipside is that baby has plenty of room to play.
You can store baby's toys in there and still they space to play.It has mesh sides for airflow and so that parents can see in and babies can see out.
It's relatively quick to fold away for travel due to a button on each top arm which 'folds' that side.
A very neat idea.
Duh !!!
THE FABRIC SHOULD BE REMOVABLE FOR WASHING.The second issue is that the base pad is only about 3/4 in thick.
The centre strut /leg that holds the pad sems to be lower than the other legs  causing a dip in the middle (and yes it's on a flat surface).
little over priced but it's safe and durable so we enjoyed it while it was needed.I like that this has more room than the standard rectangular Graco Pack 'N Plays.
It's easy to set up and works well.I love this pack n play!
It was the one with a changing table and bassinet.
I finally relented one day and bought this one because it was bigger, boxier and roomier.
My son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).
She loved the decorations on it and she was able to play with them.
(Apparently, the sides are also fun for teething babies to chew on, but what isn't?)
I have no tested the portability of the playpen since we use it daily in our living room when baby has quiet playtime before bed.Bought this play-yard to be both a place for my 7-month old grandson to sleep during his visit as well as a temporary 'holding pen' for putting him down for a moment.
He slept comfortably at night, and was fascinated by the butterfly and other adornments on the mesh walls of the play-yard when awake.
I recommend this product.
(You remember, the massive wooden ones Moms would schlep from house to beach to park?)
So looking for roomy containment plus the convenience of a portable play yard, there was only one viable candidate: the Graco PackNPlay Bugs.
There's room enough for my 7-month-old and a hundred toys, it folds easily into its shoulder bag, cleans up in a snap and the price is great.
Best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's FUN; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror.
I wanted something large and that I could travel with for her to sleep in.
I think for the price this is well made.
My son typically doesn't like a pack and play or even to be in the crib too long.
But, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day.
When my son was a little baby, we pulled out the mat and hooked up the toy dangler and he was amazed for hours.
My son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along.
We set it up in the hotel room and it worked perfectly.
It also saved us the money of having to rent a crib at the hotel.
He likes all the animals on the sides.
Not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down.
This one is so easy!
Highly recommend.After our son discovered yet another non-child-friendly item on the floor of our home and hoarded it in his mouth for hours (unbeknownst to us), my wife and I decided we wanted another prison--I mean "play yard"--for our son to roam around in because apparently we're terrible at the whole concept of baby-proofing.So I found this item on Amazon and, through my sleeplessness, thought the dimensions were 9' x 9'--sounded like a steal for $90.
We ordered this one and I was a bit dismayed when the box showed up and it turned out to be another pack n' play.
Like probably most other parents, we already have the obligatory pack n' play.
It's small and cozy and our son likes it fine.
(She also wondered how I thought the dimensions were 9' by 9', but that's another story.
)Well, we could have returned it with the free returns, but after we got it set up and plopped our son it in, we were hooked and so was he.
The colors are so vibrant--reds, blue, green, yellow--as opposed to the muted colors you often see on a pack n' play.2.
I've seen my son fall plenty of times inside of it, and he hasn't seemed bothered.
Perhaps he caught his reflection on the way down.4.
(Note: I've heard this can cause problems if you're using it for sleep, because it can be harder to find sheets that fit, though apparently you can find people who make special square sheets instead of the standard rectangular sheets.)5.
Without a doubt my favorite bottle for our son and we will be sure to use it with our next child!I'm gonna start by saying I really love these bottles.
They work great for me and my baby.
Not scrubbing with a bottle brush to get the lump of formula out of the bottom.
Here's why:1.
They don't break as easily when dropped (or thrown!)2.
I have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the ease of use!
He was able to hold them by himself when he was three months old.
We started with the slow flow nipple very early and he had nipple confusion.
Later we moved on the Y-cut nipple which is great because it doesn't spill like the medium and fast flow.The drop in system is all we use for our daughter and I just love it.
We used the slow flow for several months, so those were useful, but the Fast flow were way too fast and we needed something in-between.
Low & behold I walk down the aisle in Target looking for an entirely new bottle system and I see medium nipples that work perfectly for my daughter.
!I'd go with Playtex every time.I like these smartly-designed bottles a lot.
My son is primarily breastfed, but my wife and I supplement his breastfeedings with pumped breastmilk and with formula.
The Original Nursers are made from polypropylene, which is a BPA-free plastic.
Unlike some other corporations in the baby products industry, Playtex Baby is serious about customer support.
I have called the customer service number several times now and have gotten to talk to a knowledgeable person in every instance.
If you want to experiment with these bottles to see if they will work for you, I would suggest that you stop in at Target or Walmart.
They sell trial bottles for under $4 that come with either a latex or silicone nipple and 5 drop-in liners.
Even my husband is able to feed him with ease (breastfed babies are picky!).
I love how easily I can store unfinished breast milk.
I recommend this to everyone.
and exclusively breastfed.
I pumped my milk so dad could feed her when I was at work or college.
Easy to store breastmilk in liners or bags and just pop them in the bottle after thawing.
After 7 years could have still used my same bottles but opted to buy new ones because they were not BPA free.I also bought some AVENT bottles this time around - because that is the brand of pump I bought - and they are pretty good too.
:)Baby has had less gas and fussiness since we have been using these bottles.
Quick cleanup, quick fill up.
Love the nipple variety too.Because of the liners, it is easy to keep two of these bottles in use and not clutter up the kitchen with bottle pieces, etc.Would highly recommend.I was mistaken when I registered for these bottles...
I thought I could use everything in the box for my baby when she was born.
Once you've found the typle of material he/she prefers - stick with it.
And around the age of 4-6 months, switch them to older baby nipples in that same material.Hope this review helps you!
Good luck with your little one.
:)My breastfed baby took very easily to these bottles.
They're sturdy and durable.
The only times I've had difficulties with leaking is when I've failed to properly use thePlaytex Drop-Ins Disposable Bottle Liners, 8 oz, 50 Liners.
(but are getting expensive.)
I would use these bottles up until you need to make 8oz of formula.
*If you use powder formula - the drop-in liners DO NOT hold 8oz of water and the formula you add to it!!
I had a mess of formula everywhere!!
It is so easy to use.
I pump directly into the liners using the playtex storage set and freeze.
Then I can just thaw and pop the liner onto the bottle holder and screw on the nipple.
I haven't used the tall liners yet though, maybe that is more useful if you are formula feeding?
For breastfeeding I recommend the pump and store set and you will be all ready to go!These are the only bottles I can get my son to take.
Now I know why!!!!
Hardly any cleaning!!!!!
Just change out the drop in, wash the nipple & you're set.
I've only had to wash the bottles or rings when I've accidentally gotten the formula on them.
I only tried it once.
Put the lid on the bottle & put the bottle in the outside side pocket of the diaper bag.
Bag wasn't jostled or knocked around or anything & the bottle totally leaked.
Still, I wouldn't use any other bottle.Great set, but you'll need more nipples.
At least 2 out of the 5 are Fast Flow, which I didn't use until my baby was 8-9 months old.
The nipples are like $4 for a 2pk, so add that to the cost when comparison shopping.Other than that, I love these bottles!
They do leak in the diaper bag when not kept upright, but I store mine upright, so that's a non-issue.When I bought this system, I was concerned if it would be compatible with the pump I chose (Ameda Purely Yours Ultra).
The answer is - only if you also buy the Playtex Breast Milk Storage Kit.
The kit comes with the adapters that you need.With respect to the nipples that come with this set, our baby eventually got used to them, but it took a few days.I got these as a gift at my baby shower, so I haven't had a chance to use them until now.
Since I'm breastfeeding, I don't use them on a regular basis, just for outings.
The ring doesn't hold the bag in, so when I went to feed the baby, he ended up soaked.
Needless to say, bottle feeding that day was a disaster.
Unfortunately, I haven't had one bag stay in yet...My daughter wasn't drinking out of the bottle.
The laytex nipple was the only one shes takes.
Its soft and is the most like a breast.
But  I  didn't know why she wouldn't drink the bottle until I smelled the milk.
What I love is the convenience.
No bottle washing, just toss out the liner and wash the nipple.
It's especially nice when you're out and about or a long trip and cannot necessarily wash a bottle after use.
With the pump adapter that comes in the storage kits, you can pump directly into the liners.I do have a few complaints about these bottles, though:!)
When you're breastfeeding you have no clue the exact amount the baby is getting anyways.
This would be my biggest complaint.Overall, happy with product because of the convenience.Not a bad price for all of the items included.
I wish they gave more nipples though.
They give several drop-in liners, 4 oz and 8 oz.
But for the price, its worth it.With all the rave reviews and my love for Playtex VentAir bottles, I was very excited about this bottle.
Second, even the slow flow nipple somehow seems too fast and makes my baby choke on his milk.
In any case, we used it a couple of times and went right back to VentAir.
We stopped using these very quickly.
Also, we purchased the ridiculesly overpricedPhilips AVENT BPA Free Standard Breast Pump Conversion Kitto be able to use the bottles withMedela Pump in Style Advanced Breast Pump.
The setup works great.
We have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples N-4, and the above comments apply to all variations.Dr.
Like the Avent, we have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples 1-4.
With its design, it is harder to assemble the bottle without all the necessary pieces.
Likewise, our son had no preference in the nipples from one bottle to the next among these, although he absolutely hatedThe First Years 3 Pack Breastflow Bottle, so we only tried it once.If I had to pick only one of the above brands, it would be Dr. Brown's.We got this set at our shower and haven't needed any other bottles.
My son started using them at about four weeks old and quickly outgrew the smaller bottles, but the set includes three larger ones, which is great.
The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is that they don't include the medium flow nipples, just fast and slow.
My baby was impatient with the slow flow and overwhelmed by the fast, so we had to purchase the medium ones separately.
It's also a little irritating to have to keep buying the drop-in inserts, but it does cut down on the dishes.I have wasted so much milk using this drop-ins system.
I bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.
Any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, I've done that many times.
No good.Out of a box of 100 liners, I would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.
I would NOT recommend.This particular starter set of Playtex Drop-Ins is a great place to start if you're looking for an economical way to sample a wide variety of nipple types and the Drop-Ins system as a whole.
We did not need to purchase additional Drop-In bottles because of the quick and easy clean-up, although we did purchase extra nipples of the type our daughter preferred.
We have used both the Playtex VentAire and Playtex Drop-In bottles for the past year as we switched between breastfeeding and bottle feeding with my daughter, who has just reached her first birthday.
In both cases, we use the slow flow variety of nipple for each bottle type.
This is how the two compare:1.
The Drop-Ins win hands-down for convenient clean-up and are thus our favorite to travel with.
Throw out the old liner, pop in a new one, fill it up, and you're ready to go - easy to do even in the backseat of a car with a crying baby.
No bottle brush or hot, soapy water needed.2.
However, the Drop-Ins bottle with a slow flow nipple leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby WILL turn it upside-down).
This is less of an issue if there will be parental supervision.4.
She can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the VentAire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air.
For convenience and fast clean-up, the Playtex Drop-In system wins.
For fewer leaks and more baby autonomy, the Playtex VentAire bottles get our vote.Several weeks ago I left a 2 star review for these bottles due to the cost of always having to buy liners with twins...as you can see I have since changed my mind and deleted that review.
Why?
To avoid buying more liners and since my girls are now 13 months old, we bought some other bottles that don't use a liner.
They normally finish their night time bottles but have not been finishing them since switching to different bottles.
When my girls were born they were too small to suckle on the breast and most bottles were too big for their tiny mouths.
I do remember when my girls were under a month old we had some Advent bottles w/ silicone nipples someone had given us and I tried giving them to my girls once(the more bottles the merrier) but my girls HATED the nipples and they just seemed to big for their small mouths.
Since we've bought these new bottles it seems all I ever do is wash bottles...and there have been MANY times when I forget I leave a bottle that had milk in the diaper bag or some other place and GROSS, what a stinky mess.
Then I actually have to soak the bottles in bleach water to make sure they are clean.
With the Playtex you simply throw away the stinky liner.So I am sorry Playtex Drop Ins that I ever doubted you & gave you a 2 star review.
I guess this past month of Never-Ending Bottle washing & bleaching bottles has been my lesson learned.
NEVER AGAIN will I use any other bottle besides Playtex Drop Ins.
Except for water or juice, cheap bottles are fine for that.So save yourself time & money and just buy the Playtex Drop Ins ESPECIALLY if you have twins.
It might cost more in liners but you'll be Thankful in the long run.
Keep an eye out because the Playtex liners DO go on sale and then you can stock up.
I also liked the bags but we only used them at first when I was pumping breast milk for my girls.
I am pregnant with my 2nd and with certainty, will use these again.
Why they are amazing:1.
The liners are so convenient.
You use them then throw them away.
After mixing the formula or using expressed breast milk, simply squeeze the liner from the bottom of the open-ended bottle and all the air is out!
This lessens the gas and projectile vomiting.3.
Many options of nipples and they are the only thing you need to wash/rinse/sterilize.A lot of my friends use Dr. Brown and they rave about it, but after I talk about the Platex system, they are sold.Let me start by saying this is a great concept.
I purchased these bottles before my son, who is now 10 weeks old, was born.
I planned to breastfeed exclusively.
I planned to pump into these bottles.
I even took a reviewers advice and got extra large bottles and short liners (which I wouldn't advise to anyone).
I didn't have a dishwasher at the time.
Drove me nuts.Nothing went to plan.
I ended up supplementing my breast milk with formula after one month.
Thus, there's air in there and your baby will be gassy.LIQUID (RTF) FORMULAFormula is expensive.
Pushing the air out of the bag is a GREAT concept.
But when the bag exploded on me twice...
But it did.
Twice.
(Even if prepared, you need to push air out of the bottle... and that takes time).BREASTMILKI don't pump enough to fill these bottles.
Pumping takes a lot of time.
So.. After I pump my four ounces, I don't want it to explode.
He eats all the time.
Thus, I stopped "expressing" because it seemed to be a waste of time.
Why pump into a bottle just to feed it to him right away?
(I'm empty after I finish pumping).
Now... in the first few weeks, my son killed my nipples.
So, pumping into the bottle came in handy.
The pump was much kinder.
I didn't care if he destroyed silicone.
(He didn't... but I'm just sayin'!
The plastic is sturdy.
But I didn't like it enough to continue using it.
The set comes with enough.
The comparison would be like buying a bunch of vaccuums for your vaccuum bags.
Since you don't need to wash the exterior anyway... what you have is plenty.These bottles always worked out for my daughter.
Easy cleanup with the bags, and less gas.
I give my baby breast milk and its just a hassle.
Well, you aren't able to heat the bottles with the liners in them so you have to get a container dirty anyway to warm the milk and then dump them back into the bottle.
Plus you have to keep buying the drop-ins.
Even when I would squish all of the air out of the bag and put the lid on, by the time I went and got my baby and put a bib on her all of the air was back into the bottle.
Also they are not good for on the go.
There is nothing to protect the liner on the bottom so anything could puncture it making all of the milk leak out.I also dont think they are close to being like breast feeding at allOkay - I was one of those new moms who had no clue about which bottles of the many types to use for my baby.
I read all of the online reviews and decided I would get a couple of each type and try them all.
When he's done, just toss the drop in and wash the nipple and you are ready for your next bottle.My baby didn't struggle with swallowing air using this bottle like the others I tried because you push the air out.
Using these, he didn't struggle with gas pains afterwards.He switched with no problems from a very early age between the breast and this bottle type.
I pump into the Medela CSF bags and store those.
When I am ready to make a bottle, I pour it out of the CSF bag and into the liner.
Everything's light so they are easy to carry around as well.
My 5 week old has been using them since he was 1 week old and he has much less gas and spitting up when we use them as opposed to some other brands that we have tried.
I know these bottles have been around for a long time and now I understand why..they work.
I have found most of the new modern bottles to be all gimic and no substance.
The down side to these bottles is that you have to continually buy the bags which can get pricy.
Futhermore, they don't come with caps for the nipples so you have to put your finger on the nipple to shake the formula and bag the nipple to travel with it.
I would tell anyone if they have been using Dr. Brown's, Avent, or any of the other super fancy feeding systems and their kids are still having problems with gas and spitting up, they should try these.This is a great set.
The Playtex breast milk storage system is a VERY easy way to store breastmilk in the freezer, and works well with Medela pumps.
I've pumped at work for about 2 months and it's gone pretty smoothly.
I use a mix of these and Medela storage bottles.I especially like that the liners are BPA free.I love these bottles and I reccomend them to everyone I know.
Second after I put the cap on I pinch the nipple open and gently push up on the liner and all the air comes out.
That means the bottle won't give the baby gas!
I also used the natural action nipple which the baby loved.
I was also able to wash the nipple, the bottle and the ring in the top rack of the disheasher in a speacial  nipple rack I bought at walmart for $5.
I saved money by buying them at thrift stores - about half of them I bought still in the boxes and the other half barely used.
I also bought a lot of new boxes of liners at the thrift store too!
I ended up putting straight pins in the slow flow and boiling them with the pins in to open the holes a little more.
It worked fine!
The only time the bottle ever leaked was when I used the drop-in liners and that's because it wasn't seated right on the rim of the bottle.
I buy the Parent's Choice (PC) brand at Walmart.
I bought the Target brand 4 oz.
liners and realized (after several bottles) that the 4 oz.
mark on the liner was only 3 ozs.
I am currently reading reviews of other bottles and considering switching with our next child.
We'll see!These cloth diapers are reasonably priced and include a padded middle.
They should do the trick for those using cloth diapers.
The fancy burp cloths are usually too flimsy (won't lay flat on your shoulder) and too thin to be helpful.
These stay in place without having to touch/fix it.I have tried them for cloth diapering but it seems they don't hold very well and leak more than the other diaper inserts I've used.
They are so gauzy that you can see through them, so they won't even work for a game of "peek-a-boo"!
These would not work in our house even as a dish cloth, let alone absorbing any type of baby mess!The only reason I didn't give only a single star is because Gerber was very nice about giving me a refund on these - they guarantee all their products.
I just don't think they described accurately what you are getting.
They are definitely not the diaper service quality, however, if you don't have 3 different levels of diapers to choose from at your local store, how would you even know that there were different grades of diapers when it says "premium" on the package?
They need to be more descriptive in their product packaging.
These wash well, are absorbent, USUALLY cover enough of the shoulder/arm to prevent clothing from becoming a mess, and are very soft.
Been using it with my first born and now with my 1 month old baby.Will help you prevent diaper rash.
Tiring to change everytime the baby wets the cloth though and time consuming to wash but worth it than having problems with diaper rash.
I ordered these after reading the reviews because the ones I received at the shower were paper thin.
I buy them for every baby shower I go to now.
They are worth the money.I purchased these to make burp cloths.
I washed them, then sewed fabric to the center piece to customize them.
We used the burp cloths for months!I love these cloth diapers.
I use them everyday to care for my newborn.
I mostly use them as burp cloths and as extra protection for the changing pad during diaper changes.
They wash up great.
They steam pretty quick and I like how you can keep pre-measured water on it.
When baby's hungry I just grab the bottle from the fridge, grab the little flask of water that's attached, pour it in, and press the button.
I've had to warm bottles twice sometimes but it's still faster than warming water on the stove or running the bottle under the faucet.
Oh, I only do 2 oz.
Read the directions!
All of the water disappeared and the light turns off when it's done.
Definitely recommend!
If you have the inserts, you can always use a plastic bottle and pour it in.
A must have for when baby is home with daddy, grandma, or anyone else that doesn't have a ton of experience with properly heating a bottle (esp.
I'd read the directions again and try again.
And the milk would be scalding hot.
If it didn't melt the bottle, the milk would still be cold.
Then I had the smell of burned formula in the kitchen.
Oh!
And it melted that bottle too!I'm going back to the old fashioned way.
I'm going to heat water in the microwave and let the bottle soak in it.
Once you get used to using this product, it is a huge timesaver.
Before going to bed every night, we put two bottles and the ice pack in the cooler section.
When the baby woke up, we transferred one bottle to the warmer.
It was usually done warming before we finished changing a diaper!
You may want to order an additional ice pack so you'll always have one ready in the freezer.
This equipment has been a godsend.
Actually, I can't think of any equipment that I could live without less.No complaints whatsoever about this great bottle warmer.We have tried many bottle warmers and this is the one we currently use.
I liked it because it had a section to keep bottles cold as well.
Also the heating plate accumulates gunk from time to time.It includes a jar food holder to heat food, but we have never tried it.All in all a decent bottle warmer, but you have have to compensate with a re-heat or cold water sometimes.This is a lifesaver for late night feelings.
We just pop a bottle or two in the cooler before bed, and within 5 minutes of baby waking in the middle of the night bottle is ready to go.
I love it.
It warms the Avent bottles great.
It took some trials to determine how much water to add but now I have it down great.
It DOES NOT warm the Playtex Ventair bottles.
The cooler DOES keep bottles cold for up to 8 hours if you remember to freeze the freezer pack each day.
We have a 2 story house and this helped us so much.
I have the other First year single warmer also and it is in my kitchen and it is great as well.
This is definitly worth the money!We have two of these - one for upstairs and downstairs.
We've been using this for a month and it works ok.
That's easily  remedied by running the bottles under cool water for a minute or two.
Also - when I first got the bottles I would heat my plastic bottles in there.
They seemed fine and didn't melt but I quickly switched to using only glass bottles in the warmer.
It just doesn't seem right to be heating plastic on a heat source!Now the only down side to this is the cooler.
One other trick... keep the cooler portion away from the heating portion if you want things to stay cool all night.
If you keep it on the unit your bottles will warm up.All in all - this is definitely a good purchase and I'm not sorry I bought this.We are using this every night since we bought it.
I use to warm breastmilk.
Cleaning/descaling is the only issue.We love it.
Once we figured out how to use it for bottles and bottles of baby food.
Very convenient.Ehh, I bought this product to avoid my MIL using the microwave to heat bottles.
The warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam.
What i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold.
:)But we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-Overall, save your money and use the traditional method.I use this everyday to heat up bottles..
Or if you want to save your money you can always just boil/microwave water and put the bottle in that.
We've used this warmer for 2 of our babies and love it.
If you read the instructions the warming is pretty much fool-proof but on occasion I've been sleepy and overwarmed a bottle.
You freeze the ice pack and when you're ready to head to bed, you just bring the ice pack and two bottles, place them in the cooler and fill the two measuring water holders and slide them on the side.
When your baby wakes up take the water holder off the side and pour into the warmer, place the bottle and then press the button in front to warm.
For a 4oz warm  Dr Browns bottle we usually filled it to the 6 line, 2 months later we're filling it to the 7 line.
5oz bottles vary between the 7-8 line.
It seems this warmer gets weaker with use and requires more water.
It shuts off after a couple of minutes when the bottle is done.I love this thing because it makes night time feedings almost a breeze but it does have it's quirks.
If you have two floors definitely get a bottle warmer, and if you're on a budget this is the best.I purchased this bottle warmer for my second baby because it was a life saver for my daughter.
It stores 2 bottles in the compartment and comes with a small ice pack.
I use a freezer pack and store one bottle at a time.
If so, parents are S.O.L.
Heating is SO inconsistent.
Sometimes way too cold and sometimes way too hot.
When the heating indicator light turns off you must be right there to pull the bottle out or it will continue to significantly warm the bottle without any water medium.
Otherwise, the bottles (esp.
Brown's) will overflow.
The carrier is too short for Mr. Brown 8oz.
bottles or any other of similar height.
The tubes provided to premeasure water are a joke.
refer to the pictures posted by other shoppers)The design is convenient, except for the water holding tubes which can be annoying to clip to the sides.
Note that it keeps the bottle COOL, and NOT COLD.
You can order replacement/extra ice pack on Tomy website - we keep 2 extras in the freezer as we constantly were forgetting to refreeze the one we had in preparation for a new night (they were $2 each).
Heating is a bit inconsistent and seems to be slower than the quick pro model by the first years.
Overall, good purchase and the price is great on amazon (you'll pay $30 at BRU)I've never used the bottle cooler part, so I can't comment on that.
But I always go out to the kitchen to use this, so it's easier to just grab a bottle from the fridge.The little test-tube-looking water containers that you fill up and then pour into the unit to steam the bottles are a bit of a pain.
And I've definately found that the amount of water they say to put in the steamer according to the size and temp.
Scrap the instructions!!
I use it at nights.
It is a lifesaver when my son wakes up and needs his expressed milk instantly.
Having the chiller compartment saves me the trip to the refrigerator.
Sometimes I forget the ice-pack and will use a ziploc bag with crushed ice as an alternate.
As soon as I pop it in the chamber, by the time I am done changing him - it is ready to go.
One thing to note is that it heats up glass bottles SUPER fast vs. the plastic bottles.
So if you need speedy turnaround use the Evenflo glass bottles - they heat up in under 3 minutes!I can honestly say I love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.
We loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.
Even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.
But...I was very disappointed that my Dr. Brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.
The taller Dr. Brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.
I ended up still using the cooler but storing the Dr. Brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.
My only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fit.I really did not like this.
We got this as a second hoping to use it upstairs at night.
It works wonders with drop ins, And Avent bottles fit into and heat up nicely....
Sometimes that is.
We have been using this with ourDr.
Brown's Formula Mixing Pitcherand it was a life saver for awhile.
We have been using it for about 3 months now almost every day, four- five times a day a most and it has considerably started to take longer and longer to heat up.. Before it was done and cooled off by the time the diaper change was over.
Now we find ourselves sitting and waiting another minute or two for it to finish.
I'd wake up in the middle of the night and heat up my daughter's bottle.
Unfortunately I ended up having to feel formula, so I used this as a bedside bottle keeper at night.
Two bottle fit in a cooler compartment and one fits in the warmer.
I had absolutely no issues with this item, did what it said.We bought this because I work 2nd shift at a hospital so on the days I work, I don't get home until midnight and my husband has to get up with the baby.
This system alleviates all of that!!
We just put it in our upstairs bathroom with a bottle of breastmilk in the cooler part and when the baby gets hungry, just put water in the wamer and warm the bottle.
!Some people said they had problems with temperature, but we didn't have any problems.
Just read the instructions for the type of bottle system we use and it worked fine!!
!The idea behind this design is well intentioned but I find the design aggravating.
There's no other way to pick this thing up unless you grab it by the warmer cup.
It may seem trivial but I like to keep this thing out of the way (it's an eye sore) and I would have rather just the bottle warmer with no bottle storage chamber.Plus, the heating is inconsistent.
When we first got it (4 months ago) the milk would actually be too hot.
We loved it for the first month we had it.
BUT, after just about a month of use (warming 3 or 4 bottles per day) the warmer started over heating the bottles and sent milk pouring out of the top.
We played with the amount of water we were using, thinking we were putting too much in (even though we were following the recommended water usage in the instructions).
That didn't help.
After having the product for less than 2 months we are returning it to the vendor where it was purchsed.
Late night feedings have never been easier.
Easy to use.
No complaints yet.This thing stinks.
Plus you can easily over heat your bottles in this.
We did like the cooler on the back for travel but overall this thing stinksEasy to use, cooler works well to store 2 bottles.
I've been using it for 5 oz medela bottles so I pump at night, cap it and store it in the cooler and warm as I use it.
I used to do it when I intially bought it but with a screaming infant in hands during night I stopped bothering about the measurements .
When I got the new version of "The First Years Night and Day Warmer System", I was shocked on how short the electric cord was.
I was also displeased with having to unplug it, in order, to turn it off.
I am not happy with the new model.
We got the Tommee Tippee bottle warmer with our second child (because we used the tommee tipped bottles with her).
After only a few months, I have gone back to this warmer.
heats the bottles very quickly and you don't have to stand over it checking the temp every minute like with the TT warmer.
Says nothing about this on the website but on the box.
Very dangerous because gets so hotThis product is a major piece of garbage.
It will either be cold or it will be scalding hot.
Also it creates a smell that smells like burnt hair which is worrisome considering others who reviewed this product (at least 4 people) said that it catches on fire.
We were using dr. browns 2 and 4 oz bottles and sometimes the 2 oz would be cold while the 4 oz would  be way too hot.
We just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its AMAZING!
It remembers how long it takes to warm any particular amount and you dont have to fill it up with water every time the way you do with this.
Does everything I need!
For my daughters first month of life, she couldn't latch on correctly so I pumped and fed her via bottle.
No problems with this pump.
As a first time mom, I found it very comfortable and easy to use.
I also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine.
If you plan to do a lot of pumping then getting the double pump might be worth the extra money as it is quite time consuming with only one pump.
Overall, an efficient pump, no complaints.This pump says it's rated for only occasional use, but I used it every day for six months.
The main thing I like about this pump is the ability to use it in any situation.
I didn't have any problems with let down.
I only pump at home so it doesn't bother me.
I only used this after my baby was 6 weeks and had no problems whatsoever.I purchased this pump for occasional use since I am a sahm.
As recommended by our lactation consultants, I pump once a day.
I sit in bed with my daughter nursing on one side and me pumping the other.
I am able to get 6-8oz in one sitting.
When I pump w/o nursing at the same time, I am still able to get 4oz in 15-20 mins.
Being a sahm, I cannot justify spending the $200 for a double pump when I just don't need that much help.I highly recommend this if you are a sahm and can pump whenever for however long.
I pump once a day and after a week of that I have 2 weeks worth of feedings(if giving once a day).This little electrical pump works well.
It's only problem is that it's really noisy.
I have twins and this pump works just fine.It does the job, but does it make the loudest noise doing it.
My husband said it sounded like I was milking a cow.
I don't know why.
In an effort to save money I started with this one.
I ended up getting the Medela Pump In Style and loved it.
I am home with the baby so I didn't think I needed one of the larger double pumps since I am not working.
However, I needed to pump to improve my supply in the begining and also while I was healing from a cracked nipple and the single pump just didn't cut it.
It would take twice as long with the single pump.
I think this pump is only worth it if you will rarely need to pump or to use for just a few minutes before feeding the baby to relieve engorgement.I received this pump as a gift.
I like it because it is electric.
For manual use I recommend the Avent Isis.
This works great.
It comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.
Plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.
It doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.
I used this to pump in the morning before going to work or if I was unusually full.
I'm now onto baby #2 and use this occasionally since I'm now home full time, but this works so well when I need it.
I used it much more than the occasional use that it's meant for (which I didn't know this at the time).
I used it about 5-6 times a day for the first month and then 3 times a day for the following 2 months before it died.
After listening to a baby crying all the time, listening to this pump was the last thing I wanted to do so if you value silence...steer clear!I love this pump!
In addition to being slow, it began leaking while in use and this is only after being SPARINGLY used for 5 months.
The motor cycles very slowly so when it's tugging on me all I can think is ouch...ouch...ouch...
I ended up buying a used Pump-in-Style online and love it.
When my second came along, I pulled out this pump and used it regularly for almost a year.
(expressing away from home, helping with engorgement, pumping extra for more supply)It works great!
(Especially if you may be on a budget)  Yes, I know the motor is loud, and it took a little while for me to get used to it - but if that is something you can get past or it just doesn't bother you, this single breast pump is fantastic for the price.
and it worked just as well.
But I have no idea if we gave it away to someone else, or where else it may have went to over the years.
I do plan on upgrading to the Medela Swing this time, and only for the noise factor.
I had to pump while my daughter was in the hospital the first month of her life.
I got just as much milk with this pump as I did the hospital pump.
It is a handy pump to have.
It is definitely loud, but putting a folded towel over it helps.
If you have to pump a lot, and can afford it, a double pump is the way to go though...it takes half the time, which is very important when you have a baby to take care of.I found this gate hard to set up - the instructions weren't as clear as I would have liked and did not mention to remove the vertical bars before trying to adjust sections.
(I am a minor DIYer).It's great once it's in place, though!
However I do have a few issues with the gate that are keeping me from being completely satisfied.The biggest issue, to me, is the door release.
Basically, you squeeze up on the handle and then pull the door up.
Plus, did I mention it takes a lot of effort?
The gate is easy to configure.
When you have it set up, it feels like it's locked into place (unlike a few other large area gates I've used).
It does feel very secure.
This is a great feature.Overall this is an ok gate.
It does the job of keeping the baby away from the stairs and the dog out of where she isn't allowed.
My husband said it was very easy to install.
The stay-open and auto-close features are great.
It doesn't look terribly cheesy.
I removed the left 24" panel, replaced with an 8" extension, then inserted 3 more 8" extensions on the right.
And it would be nice if the mounting hardware were metal instead of plastic.I used a 1/8" drill bit to create pilot holes before screwing into my banister (rather hard wood).
I tried a smaller one at first but the screw was extremely difficult to attach.
Only when I used a 1/8" drill bit did it go in.We got *seven* extensions for this and put a fence across our den, marking off a one-hundred-square-foot area for the lil'guy to crawl around in.
Then hang stuff like toys, instruments, and mobiles from it.
Our lil'guy loves it!
:)We bought this gate for a opening between our foyer and kitchen.
We put it together in about 30 minutes.
It's great because you can bend it into whatever configuration you need.
For us, we were hesitant to drill into our walls but didn't have another solution.
I definitely recommend this gate!
We bought the Kidco Configure gate and the Kidco Elongate.The elongate was to cover an area of 84".
The elongate can only go straight across and opening.
It's extension are screwed together and have an overlap.
We are very disappointed in this purchase and wished we had bought two Configure gates.
Took us some time to screw the extension in and then to screw the supports in and then to mark it on the wall.
Took us over an hour.The Configure gate is on the pricey side.
You just snap out the pole and add the extension piece.
It was mounted on the wall in less then 20 minutes.
The bar across the bottom of the door is very low compared to other gates, about an inch.
When the door is closed it is secure, much more so than our gate that swings shut behind you.
I purchased Northyard gate also.
The first one was a little tricky to install but the second was much easier to do.
I love the magnetic latch because I know the gate will close every time.
It can be difficult to open sometimes but I'd rather that than have it open too easily and have my child sneak through.We've had this gate since late 2007 when our oldest started walking.
Fast forward to home# 2 and three running , half-heathen boys.
My larger friends due as well.We did buy another Hearthgate to section off our family room from the rest of the house and yes, the mounting screws are coming out of the walls.
but, I'd like to preface, that is because I didn't use drywall mounts to attach the gate to the walls.
I desperately needed a gate ASAP since our new house had a narrow, metal spiral staircase with a gate which didn!t latch( yes, we immediately rectified our spiral staircase gate sitch and now have a key lock on it!)..
So As soon as I got the gate home, I installed it.
After almost two years of dogs nosing it, kids hanging on it, people pushing on it, the screws are finally beginning to come out of the wall.
Installation for both gates was a breeze.Customer service was great as well.
I installed it while kids were napping.
I purchsed the Kidco Configure Gate along with the extension and it fits perfectly and wraps around the area nicely and doesn't take up too much room.
For the purpose I gave it 5 stars, but I did feel both the gate and extension were a bit pricey.
It's such a LONG gate, that there is no stability... the whole thing kind of sways, and my toddler finally was able to pull it out of the wall.
I got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy.
We use it for my 3 year old to have a space on the main floor to play with toys without the baby able to interrupt.
It's nice because he feels included with everyone else there, but doesn't get upset by his brother knocking down or taking his legos.
Highly recommend for that purpose.
My husband and I wish that we had ordered this gate a year ago!
It was easy and quick for my handy husband to install at the base of the stairs.
The gait opens easily with one hand (the trick is to pull the latch and then LIFT the gate just a bit, which we didn't know to do and initially caused us to think the gate was defective until reading the directions.
The gate is also fairly wide, allowing us to pass through it easily, even when carrying things.
The gate automatically swings shut, which is convenient, but will also stay open if opened to 90 degrees.
We needed to block off a hallway in our basement, but had uneven walls, and this gate works perfectly.
The installation was a little bit involved, since you have to screw the brackets into studs in the walls, but it only took about 20 minutes and we had it up.Some tips for installing the gate:1.
First, read through the entire instruction manual before you start.
The way the manual is structured, there are instructions in several languages in the front, and then reference pictures in the back.
Try to mount the brackets to studs in your walls.
Try to configure the gate so that each joint is at least at a 10 degree angle.
If you put them straight across, the gate will flex a little bit.
I don't feel like I'm keeping the children "trapped" like with other gates.My only issue is that my oldest daughter figured out how to open the gate at the age of 2.
However, by then she understood and obeyed when I told her WHY she couldn't go through the gate.This gate is also taller than the average baby gate, which I love for my 12 month old climber.
First, the hinges on the gate which allow you to place the panels at an angle are not wonderful.
If you're a little too forceful, it can easily break.
And if it breaks, you're out of luck with installing this gate.
Second, the mounting pieces for the wall are fixed position, at the top of every fence panel.
Third, this Kidco gate is clearly terribly overpriced.
Most people will have to buy extension gate panels to make this work and boy does the cost add up.
It was expensive, but cost less than the Kidco.
The North States Gate can be placed at various angles too just like the Kidco.
North States Gate needs to amp up their advertising though because it isn't quite clear that it can do the same as the Kidco Gate at a better price too.We have used this gate since our oldest started moving around.
Now 3 years and another child later it is still functioning great!
It still looks and works as well as on day 1.We picked this for the top of our stairs so we could have a "landing" at the top.
We have 2.5 walls in what was once our dining room (now play room).
We used 4-5 extensions as well.
We bought this new, and it was easy to set up.
Kidco is pretty easy to work with.
They sent me free "templates" for the wall and I bought some screws (for another gate).I LOVE this system.
The quality is great.
I recommend it and would purchase another if needed.This item was a LIFESAVER when I brought my son home from the hospital.
The sounds were so soothing they helped him to sleep longer at night.
For anyone who has read Dr. Harvey Karp's book, The Happiest Baby on the Block, they will understand.
I love the automatic shut-off and the voice-activated modes.We have gone through one set of batteries already, but it took seven weeks to do so.
!And for what it offers, the price is very attractive.Four sounds, light, etc.
We usually use the ocean sound, but once or twice we used the rainfall and she seemed to like that, too.
We didn't buy it for music, anyway.
We wanted white noise to soothe her and block out other noises.We always use the voice-activated mode, and when we first put her down, we just go "shh" into it or snap fingers to start it, when it begins to play for about 15 minutes, and then whenever she cries.
She only sets it off a couple of times a night -- I think!The biggest drawback is batteries.
Despite only using it on voice activate mode, when it's only on for 15 minutes at a time, we seem to have to change batteries about every two weeks.
We switched to rechargeables, and they seem to die even sooner -- but at least we can recharge them.
The unit runs through batteries even quicker if you use the night light -- even for only a few seconds to check on the baby.
I only had it for three weeks when it stop working.
Buyer beware!I wouldn't rate this as a baby necessity.
I was afraid she would get hooked on sleeping with white noise and wouldn't sleep any other way.
The light was very helpful.
I used that all the time for middle-of-the-night nursing sessions.
but you can see enough to avoid fumbling around.When I first had this product, I used it on my daughter's crib like it is intended.
Then I realized it could also be placed on the side of the carrying handle on most infant car seats.
She loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.
It helped lull her to sleep.
The added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.
I love it and so does my son.
We have had it for over a year.
It hs traveled with us, Surved as play pin, and iven was used as the main crib for 3 monthes while we have no room for a big crib.
Should offer maybe 1 mor hight?
Otherwise this is a great pruduct for children under 2years whose shoulder are at or below the railing.
But my son slept great in it.
It was a perfect temporary crib for our week vacation and I only used it for him to go to sleep in when I was laying on the bed right next to it.The first crib they shipped me was damaged in the shipment, so I asked them to ship another one...the second one was also damaged...I was able to take pieces from both to make a useable one...It is a great crib!
It folds up and can be rolled on it's wheels even when folded.
It can be assembled very quickly.
So I rate the item very high, but check out your product when you receive it because the FedEx guys really beat ours up!In the middle of a summer heatwave my husband and I were faced with either disassembling our 7 month old's huge crib and moving it into our air conditioned bedroom for a more comfortable sleep, or getting a portable crib which can also be used later in the year when Baby #2 is due.
It assembled in under 10 minutes, which is unusual since most baby items take several people and loads of patience to figure out complicated directions.
Our child already hit her head twice and the bedding did nothing to cushion the blow.
All in all it's a fine item and priced well.
We'll get better use out of it when the second baby comes since we don't have lots of space to fit another full size crib.I bought this because my daughter has hated the pack n play from day one.
When we decided to leave her with grandma for a few nights we knew we needed a crib.
This one is great because it is very sturdy.
The folding locks take a bit of getting used to, but they work well.
The mattress is thin and we purchased a mattress for it for about $20.
I bought portable crib sheets at Babies R Us and they work great.
My daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib and I think we will get a lot of use from it!
We can put it in our Suburban.
I love this crib.I purchased this crib after my son grew out of his Graco travel lite crib (at three months).
My son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow.
It is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs.
It is so cute and I love the fact that they sell a bedding set for it.
We bought the malawi set for it, which looks adorable.
I wish I would have gotten this crib from the begining.great crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!)
He has been using it for the past 8 months with no problems.
But just yesterday I saw a sticker on the side of the strap that said the table had a 20 lb weight limit!
I was surprised.
My son almost weighs that and I don't want to buy another table now.
Next time I will buy a more substantial one for more money that can be used longer.I love this changing table.
This changing table has lots of space for keeping babies things handy.
You can put everything you need like diapers, rash ointment, powder, wipes tee shirts ,burp cloths on one of the shelves and still have room for a few toys.
It has ample room to change and dress the baby without any problems.
You may want to get a thicker changing pad though.
It provides ample space for diapers, burp clothes, blankets, and other items you may need on it.
The table comes with a simple foam mattress, which is easily wiped off with a cloth.
I am returning it back to the store.
My sister has the same table and her's is fine.
Maybe I just picked up a bad one.I bought this changing table with the matching Delta Jenny Lind crib from another store (shop around for the best price).
When they arrived, my husband and I set up the changing table first.
Overall, we are very pleased with the value of the product for the price.However, as a side note, the oak crib did not match its "matching" changing table.
We took the items back to exchange for a matching set, only to receive another unmatched set.
We received it because my in-laws found it at a consignment shop, so I can't comment about other reviewers' concerns regarding assembly.
I placed baskets on those shelves to hold diapers, etc.I purchased these covers because there doesn't seem to be anything else to fit the contoured changing pad.
Even after just one washing, the cover already shrunk.
I washed in cold water and dried on low since I had read the reviews saying they would shrink.
It didn't help, they still shrunk.
They still work though, but the corners of the changing pad are crumched down.
Mine are attached to the bottom of the pad, so there is no need for any slits for them.
Overall, these covers serve their purpose, and that's about all.
I would definitely suggest covering your changing pag with SOMETHING so that all the yuck doesn't get down into all the little crevices of the pad.
)I have had this from the day my daughter came home from the hospital and it has held up in the wash. No major accidents on it but the few there were are due to my not folding up the stinky diapers all the way or her spitting up.
If you are washing it on warm your water temp may be too high(hot water heater) so that may be causing it to shrink.
Even when it's machine-dried, it's stiff and rough as if it were line-dried.The pad's safety straps stick out easily enough from under the edges of the cover, but since they are from the same manufacturer it really was poorly designed.The softness of this cover makes up for the fact that you have to stretch it a bit to fit your changing pad.
At least once you have it on, you know that it's a snug fit and won't pop off!I used this when I became too sore to use my electric pump.
The milk seeps under the pump guard and it leaks out from the edges onto clothes.
I had to buy a replacement part because the bottom part that screws on the base of the pump cracked from sterilizing (which it says you can do).
It cost nearly $30 to order this part and it took over 2 weeks to receive it.
The entire system just isn't durable or made for much use.
It is so much easier to use and more comfortable than the Medela pump they had me using in the hospital to increase my supply.It seems very complicated to put together the first couple of times, and it took me a little practice to get to where I had the pump (and myself) positioned properly to get consistent suction.
But once you get the hang of it (give it 3-5 sessions to get used to it), it works great.
This requires me to stop momentarily but isn't a huge deal, just a minor annoyance.
The spare parts were safe at home, and with a hungry boy on my hands I was in a predicament.
Unable to nurse, I have provided my son with breastmilk by pumping three times a day since birth.
I was concerned about maintaining my milk supply, not to mention the discomfort of very full breasts, so I purchased the Isis Breastpump because I use Avent products and like the idea of being able to pump right into the feeding bottle, 4 oz, 9 oz or disposable.
I am amazed by the comfort, control and power this little hand pump provides.
I found this pump to be great in a pinch, or for a weekend away.
I saw no need to spend the extra money to save time when I have plenty of it.
Now that it is, I love this pump.
It doesn't hurt my nipples, and the small breast milk storage containers fit right on the pump.
My daughter still only drinks about 3-4 ounces at a time so I mainly use those.
I bought the disposable one because it came with the storage bags and the bottle to hold them.
I thought they would be useful for when I need to have more than 4 ounces.
The bags hold 7 and are very easy to thaw.
This breast pump is definitely worth the money.I have been breastfeeding my son, since he was born, and now he is 9 months old.
I couldn't have done it without this Avent pump.
My son had trouble latching on in the hospital, and so, until he could breastfeed consistently (I went to a lactation consultant and she worked wonders), I was pumping my breast milk for him.
At the hospital, they provided me with a Medela manual pump.
It was PAINFUL.
I eventually got calluses from pumping with the Medela pump.
So then I was considering whether to buy the Medela electric or the Avent Isis, and I went for the Avent, a much more economical buy.
This pump is so comfortable, it really imitates the suckling action of the baby.
At first, all the parts might seem overwhelming, but when you put the pump together, it's a breeze and washes easily.
I chose the disposable system because I thought it would be more convenient if I traveled to take the pump, however, I find I use the reusable 4 oz bottles a lot more frequently.
Whether you're taking the pump on vacation,to work, to extract milk for an occasional bottle or to mix for cereal, this pump is a great buy.
Didn't make the matress any softer.Had it not fallen apart after one wash, this would have been the perfect mattress pad.
There was nothing &#34;UltraSoft&#34; or &#34;UltraThick&#34; about this mattress pad, if you could call it that.
The packaging it came in is less than 1.5 inches thick if that gives you any indication as to how thin the entire thing can be folded up to.
He naps SO well on our Tempurpedic with a down topper that I wanted to get him a little something to soften his mattress with now that he's older.
Guess I'll have to keep looking.When I opened the packaging I was appalled by the strong chemical smell of this mattress pad.
I had to open the windows to get rid of the smell in the room even after I wrapped the pad back in plastic.
I can't imaging my baby being in the same room with this product, let alone sleep on it!
I also realized that there is no need to have a water proof mattress pad because most crib mattresses these days already come in a water proof cover.
I bought this hoping that it would help replicate a pillow top mattress as my son has been co-sleeping with me and he has become accustomed to my mattress and I want to try to transfer him to his own bed.
Sadly this isn't as plump as what it looks or as much as what other reviewers try to make it out to be.
Plus his mattress is a simmons beauty rest foam mattress with square corners, so it's slightly bigger than the average mattress and this pad still fits loosely on it, but I will add that a well fitted sheet seems to help fix this problem a little.
So far it has held up in the wash, but mind you I wash it on cold and dry it on extra low.
My son is just over 4 months old and I don't have any worries about SIDS because of this product.
To give you an idea of the thickness of this pad it is just over the width of my pinky finger so about 1-2cm.I own two of these mattress pads and I love them.
They hold up very well in the wash and fit great over my Simmons mattress.
We didn't have a mattress pad with our son and he would wake up soaking wet from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
The crib sheet alone wasn't enough to keep him from sweating.
We have a Sealy Crown Jewel Mattress and it fits great on it.Unlike many other pads on the market, this one is very soft and durable.
It holds up great to washing, fits my baby's mattress perfectly, and appears to be very cozy for my little one.I'm trying to get the toxic smell out of this mattress pad.
I've washed it 4 times so far and now I'm airing it outside.
It is the plastic liner that smells toxic.
That is all I need.
It goes in the washer and the dryer.
I only need one.
It's QUITE a necessity.This fits well and is so soft.
I actually bought this b/c my toddler's new bedding set showed his mattress design too much.
This was my solution and he seemed to love it too!
:)I love it!
It keeps my sons mattress dry and it washes easily and comes out great.
Fact is, out of ten bottles, five of mine were leaky.
I ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.Save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex.
I went to the Avent website and they said that I was overtightening the bottles and that was causing the leak.
Don't waste money.
I am using the Playtex Premium Nurser now and it's much better.At 2 months of age, my doctor said to start supplementing my breastmilk with formula at each feeding.
We switched to Playtex and have had no problems.The nipples are sooo long and even the "slow flow" alow for much more formula thru than the playtex.Now, the only use our Avent bottles get is to store the formula made for the day in the fridge.
Maybe as she gets older, she will like the avent style nipple....I bought a few Avent bottles when I was at a grocery store and had to have a bottle RIGHT then and this was all they had.
myb baby gets much less gas from these than any other on the market.
its definately worth the price.
I rate them 2nd only to the Dr.Brown wide neck, and that is only because of the gas issue.
However, after a couple runs through the dishwasher and sometime just opening and reclosing the bottle, I haven't had the problems since.I bought these bottles after reading reviews on them and have been pretty happy with them.
You HAVE to remember that.
When you overtighten the lid, the nipple gets distorted and the seal is broken.
It is probably always helpful to test for leaks (when you test the temp of the milk) BEFORE you give it to the baby, just to make sure.I like the plastic they use.
!I bought the newborn starter set and the infant set and together they are all I require for bottles and a breastmilk storage set!
!All in all I think they were a great buy and worth it.
I would use them all over again and would use avent with my next baby too.In the midst of all of my bottle testing, I was against Avent, mostly because they do cost a bit more than most bottles.
Well, they are.
They also have more nipple selections, depending on how fast your child drinks.One thing I wish Avent has was a design or something on the bottle.
I did find that if you buy the Evenflo Cool Pals 9 oz.
I also know of other moms who have used these for more than a year and no leaks either.
These bottles worked perfectly for us.
They also fit right into Avent bottle warmer, which we also have.Wanted to use the Avent line, but baby just wouldn't take this nipple.
Went with Playtex ventaire natural instead.
They allow to much air to enter the baby's system.
(maybe it's our imagination, but we think that this is the case.
Great.These bottles are great.
This is only when he doesn't screw the lid on correctly.
They are well worth the money.I used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars.
After trying all others once again with my daughter I decided to use these.
Oh, wow, what a diffrence.
Baby is 4 months old and no leaks.
The new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar.
Then there is a lip that hugs the rim of the bottle to guard against leaks.
The REALLY great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content.
I tightened it as tight as I could and it didn't leak a bit.
After 3 months of washing all of the parts that Dr. Brown's bottles have, I decided to try Avent.
He began spitting up twice as much as he did on the Dr. Brown's bottles.
I was forced to switch back to Dr. Brown's because I just couldn't handle changing his clothes and mine 5 times a day.
So they just didn't work for my baby.
Go with the Dr. Brown's.
My kids actually ingested more air b/c of the nipple shape - they just couldn't get their mouths around the large base.Reasons I give 2 stars:-well-made-easy to cleanMy son is breast fed, but we have given him an occasional bottle.
He refused these.
I got them because of all the great things I heard about them.
No chance.
He hates them.
He now takes Gerber bottles, traditional and New Traditions.I had nothing but leakage problems with these bottles.
Needless to say none worked.
Luckily for me I was able to return the larger bottles.
I am although stuck with eight of the smaller ones.
Oddly enough if you buy a bottle in the .99 cent store you don't have all these issues.
When I returned the larger ones to Babies R US there were a lot of other returns as well.
I will give these to my daughters to play with their dolls.
WRONG.
Expensive does not always equal good.
I tried using these bottles when my baby was two weeks old, and the feeding session ended in complete frustration on mine AND my baby's part.
Even the newborn nipples are WAAAAAY too long for a newborn's mouth ( and my baby has a BIG mouth.
He was 9 lbs at birth) .
Not to mention that these bottles let him suck SOOOO much air and caused him to spit up several times.
I thought maybe my baby was just having problems with taking a bottle, so I went and bought the Playtex VentAire.
He took the bottle immediately and didn't get NEARLY the amount of air.
Don't waste your money on these bottles.
The Playtex have 3 - slow, fast, and tri-cut.
Avent has newborn stage 1, stage 2 (slow), medium (+3 months), and fast (+6 months), plus a tri-cut.
If you tighten ANY bottle too tight, it will leak.
She also prefers the wide-mouth shape and I know it gives her mouth the needed motion to widen her palatte (which is one of the reasons breastfeeding is recommended.)
It's these idiotic bottles!
I can't imagine how they passed any kind of testing when they were being made.
Please don't buy them, it is a huge waste of money!These bottles leak.
It doesn't matter how you assemble them, or if you assemble them wet, or dry, or in space, or in a cave.
They leak.
Terribly.
And Avent knows it.
They will even replace your leaky bottles if you call 1800 54avent.
Of course the ones they replace it with also leak.
Buy Dr. Browns instead.I give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
There are a few drawbacks.
The nipple flow is fast for a newborn.
The bottles also leak which is annoying.
Usually if you just unscrew and screw top back on, it stops leaking.
The bottles are easy to clean.I purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.
When I first had my daughter, we had to put her on a bottle a week after she was here to help me have time to heal.
The nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast.
The entire line works together from breast pumps, to sanitizers, to storage containers, to sippy cups.
They have leaked on me b/f but only occasionally when they are wet.
I love that there are slow flow, medium, fast and then sippy tops.
You can use these bottles from newborns to toddlers.
You can convert your bottles into sippy cups!!!
There are screw on handles and sippy tops you can buy.
Fabulous.
To me, this also justifies the cost.These are the widest bottles that I have seen available.
They are well made and easy to assemble.
They come with a whole range of accessories like handles and sippy cup teats for older babies and so will go from Day 1 right through to when you no longer need sippy cups.
The Adjustable Flow teat has a slot cut instead of a hole and so the flow depends on the way the teat is lined up with the babies nose.
What a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us.
They also hook up directly to an avent breast pump either the manual or electric.These bottles are absolutely fantastic!
I just cannot say enough good about them - well, here's an idea.
I have 8 of them!
I wouldn't use anything else.
Target puts them on sale as well.
The bottles withstand hundreds of washings in a dishwasher without the markings being washed off.
Highly recommend!HI, I HAD THESE BOTTLES BACK IN 2002 WHEN MY SON WAS BORN BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL GAVE THEM TO US TO USE TO FEED THE BABY.
I HAD NO PROBLEMS BUT WHEN I BOUGHT MORE WHEN I GOT HOME, I HAD NOTHING BUT LEAKY PROBLEMS!!!
I EMAILED AVENT 2 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME FIRST THAT I HAVE TO CALL THEM TO "TALK ABOUT IT" I SAID FORGET IT AND THEN I COMPLAINED AGAIN WHEN THE LEAKING KEPT HAPPENING.
THEY SAID THAT I WAS NOT PUTTING THE NIPPLE AND RING ON CORRECTLY.
THEY TOLD ME TO ONLY TURN THE RING UNTIL U FEEL IT JUST ATTATCH TO THE BOTTLE AND DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN.
I TRIED THIS AND YET AGAIN THE BABY WAS SOAKED!!!
MY POINT OF WRITING ABOUT THIS NOW IN 2005 WHEN I USED THESE BOTTLES IN 2002 IS THAT I CANNOT BELEIVE THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED YET!!!
WE THINK WE HAVE ANOTHER BABY ON THE WAY AND I KNOW THAT WE WILL NOT, NOT, NOT, BE GETTING AVENT BOTTLES!!
!Avent bottles have more BPA than any other leading brand.
BPA free brands include Born Free, Nurture Pure, MAM, Green to Grow, Baby Life and Adrini.
But I know some mother's who had babies that just wouldn't take this teat and they had to switch brands.
I guess with everything to do with babies it's a case of trial and error to find what suits you and your baby.What I like about the bottles is that the wide opening makes them extremely easy to wash and easy to put formula in.
I used the narrow necked bottles previously and I was forever spilling formula trying to put the formula in with the scoops.
This requires two hands, so you will also need to find a place to put down your screaming baby while you concentrate and get it all lined up perfectly.
Once you have them lined up, now screw on the top.
You have to make sure it is nice and tight.
Now, shake it and see.... it leaks!
It is because when you screw the top onto the bottle the nipple shifts and turns as you screw it on tight, so all that time you spent lining up the holes with the slots is garbage.
Take it off and try again.
wish i had bought them in the first place (i started out with the playtex nurser system).
they may be pricy compared to other bottles, but, you don't have to buy liners for these bottles.
my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from (besides slow and fast, where fast for playtex really just means not so slow), so i put them away and got more of these, and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about: if there is any liquid in the seal it will leak.
Don't waste your money.
Dr. Brown's is the way to go!Sent me 3 bottles one of which didn't have a lid in the box.
Crappy quality control.
Just buy them at the store for more money, at least you'll get all the parts with it.
5 stars for avent, -5 stars for seller.I loved these bottles.
No leaks, nada one.
I also was able to attach these to the ISIS breast pump.
I only use these for baby water now, since I use larger bottles.
The first time my son tried the bottle with a newborn nipple he couldn't get anything to come out.
These bottles worked out relatively well after that dilemma.
With me second son I assumed I would use the bottles again and tried the newborn nipple with the opposite result.
The flow was way too fast for him and he would choke and spit out half the milk every time I would try to feed him.
I finally gave up on Avent bottles and went with the much cheaper and economical Evenflo Classic bottles (on the recommendation of the lactation consultant.
)In my opinion the Avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market.
The disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it's convenient for Mom's on the go.
The bottles are designed to reduce gas, and seem to do the job.
- I purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three months old as recommended, but nowhere in the product information does it tell you that you are supposed to line-up the Roman numerals of the nipples directly in line with your baby's nose to adjust the flow.
Stupid leaky valves!
We often fell asleep while he was eating and would wake up SOAKED in formula.
THESE WORKED WONDERFULLY!
And I rarely had to change the nipple which hold up very well to repeated dishwashings!
If you think about it these really are cheaper then playtex nursers as you dont have to buy the liners and worry about them breaking and getting formula all over yourself in the mall and then having no formula and having to leave anyways...I decided to use these because I wanted the Avent Breast Pump and would use these with it.
He would choke and gasp almost everytime.
I don't mind the leaking except that it takes several tries to re-twist it before it stops leaking.
The nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby.
The nipple and caps fit snug.
Also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.
You can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.
I like that.
My daughter doesn't get a bottle often, but when she does this in one of the types I use.Both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
We tried and used both bottles with our boy.
The real deal between the two is the nipple.
The nipple on Avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the Brown bottles.
As he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the Avents.
Why did we switch?
Cleaning Dr. Brown's bottles SUCKS!
Plus, the Brown bottles are thinner but taller and just don't seem to pack away as well.
However, if your baby is picky there isn't much you can do.
They also make alot of noise when my son eats.
I tried everything to stop the leaks, but nothing worked.
Have only had trouble with leaking a few times when I had the cap to tight.
You just have to take off the lid and start over.
All of my 9oz bottles have cracks in them because of the dishwashing detergent (according to Avent).
I called Cascade and they told me the manufacturer of the dishwasher is to blame.
On any account, Cascade and Avent both recommend using a gentle, not antibacterial soap on these bottles.
If you notice star like cracks on your bottles call Avent's customer service.THEY HAVE A GOOD QUALITY FOR THE PRICE, IN MY COUNTRY THE BUTTLE AVENT ARE SO EXPENSIVE, I LOVE TRADE AVENTThese bottles are Great!
My daughter loves these bottles she's already strating to try to hold bottles herself while I am feeding her.
For a few days even the Stage 1 nipples were a little too fast for her, but she got used to it.
She loves the nipple shape which is so much like my breast.
In all actuality i like the bottle, but my little Aliya loves it.
After introducing her to Avent she rejected most other bottles, she wouldn't even take the new Ventair bottles.
A great product!We recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from Avent.
When I opened the first package I was amazed at how stiff the nipples were that are included with these bottles.
I also saw no indication that my son got any less air from using the Avent system.
It isn't great for infants that are nursing...My daughter had a fit when i tried to feed her.
Not only was she gagging, but she just didn't like the nipple.
I used the playtex nurser bottle and she loved it.
Especially if we are out for a big event and the boys are dressed nicely.
The bottles worked great for the first six months and then.....THEY ALL LEAKED.
I have NEVER had a problem with the bottles leaking and my baby is very happy.
She doesn't have gas problems or gas pains.
She loves drinking from the bottles and refuses to drink from any other bottle.
These bottles are great!I absolutely love ALL Avent products... their bottles, bottle-warmer, pacifiers, etc.Both of my boy used the Avent bottles, and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one.
Yes, sometimes there is a slight leak when shaking...
I found that is from formula powder getting stuck between the nipple and the bottle, and breaking the seal.
These bottle seem virtually indestructible to me, and haven't discolored with age of anything.
(Although, old nipples do discolor.
!We used Avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.
well 2 weeks into using them i threw them out the window.
when i switched bottles the gas stopped.
a waste i think, most bottles have 2 fast or slow but there seemed to be 4 different sizes or more.These bottles were terrible for us.
They leaked no matter how many times I tried and followed the directions.
As soon as we changed her bottles to the Dr. Browns she slept through the night with no wake ups.
I was not a big fan of these bottles and neither was my daughter.These are the best bottles ever!
They are a little "pricey", but they are worth every penny.
My baby gets very little air in her belly since we started with these bottles.
When I get the chance I'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the Isis pump.
Doing so can cause the plastic to crack.
I just wash all the parts as directed using regular dish soap and then sterilize all the parts using the Avent sterilizer.
That too is convenient and easy to use.I would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work.
It just goes to show there is not perfect bottle or stroller for that matter out there!I admit it: I am impressed with Avent bottles!
They are easily one of the baby products capable of handling extremes without a blink.
Example: microwave sterilize them and after a couple of minutes, pour a stream of recently boiled water; mix with formula and put next to the ice bin in the freezer for five minutes.
I tried these and the Dr. Brown but ended up going back to Playtex Nursers(I used these with all my other kids) I wouldnt recommend these.I bought a bunch of these bottles because many people have recommended them to me.
He wears himself out sucking on them.
I finally switched to the gerber comfort hold bottles which he loves.
They are similar but have softer nipples.
I know alot of people love them, but my son doesnt.
I solve this problem by just unscrewing the nipple/lid and then rescrewing it on SLOWLY so I know it is getting a good tight even seal.
This always works!These bottles just didn't work for my baby.
We tried and tried for 3 and 1/2 months to get my baby to take these bottles but it just didn't work.
He couldn't latch on right and all the milk would spill out the sides of his mouth.
Well, I take anything she says seriously!
After investing alot of time and money in Avent, I decided to scrap them and start over.
I went out and found a nipple that was closest to his pacifier that he loves.
I found Gerber Nuk nipples, got four of them for about $4 and bought Especially for Baby bottles for a whopping $2.99 (you get 3) and my baby LOVES them!!!!
THe bottles are cute (the gerber bottles would be fine, too, but they weren't cute enough!)
He takes the nipple right away and finally the bottles are emptied in no time.
What a relief.
The only leaking was from my son's mouth when he couldn't latch on properly.
But my cousin used Avent and they leaked terribly for her and she switched to Dr Browns.
Wish they were more narrow so she could hold them herself.
If you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues.
If you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get Avent.
The directions say to wet the rim to prevent leaking.
Well, sometimes that works and sometimes it dosen't.
Again, I am reminded of how delicate every drop of milk was.
Sometimes these bottles will taunt you.
I would test the bottle before giving it to baby... then after I was convinced it wouldn't leak... baby would begin to suck and would instantly be drownded!
The day I stopped breast feeding I switched to playtex vent aire, which only leak once in a blue moon, if you dont put it together right.This brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when I was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement.
I was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.
And it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.
I started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line.
After my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him.....
These nipples are enough like the breast that he does just fine.
(His mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth, like the breast.)
I also use (and love) the Avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple.
One of my daughter's had severe reflux and used the variable flow nipple so that she could have cereal in the bottle.
Avent is the only bottle company that offers this specific type of nipple, which was a life saver.
I tried using the Soothie bottles with my other daughter, because they were cheaper and she has no signs of reflux and I figured what the heck.
Wrong decision!
She ended up with a soaked face and bib every time.
So I switched back to the Avent bottles.
As for the leaking issue, people should just take the time to read the directions.
Avent clearly states in their directions that if you over tighten the nipple ring onto the bottle, it causes the nipple to wrinkle and the bottle leaks.
The nipple ring just needs to be tight enough for the nipple to grab the bottle and seal.
It is specifically designed to do this.
They work great and are very durable.
These have been dropped, sterelized, boiled, thrown, kicked, bitten, EVERYTHING and they still hold up!
If you use the bottle correctly there are no leaks and it is very simple.
They also work wiht the Avent Isis Breast Pump.
My sons will only take to the "natural" nipple, and avents got it!
The available covers work nicely for carrying them and making sure the nipple is sanitary.
They also are great for the "Magic Cups", those are sippy cups with a soft spout that are no-spill, (made by Avent), my 2 1/2 year old uses them and I dont have to buy a whole set of sippy cups because that top fits on any avent product!
These bottles also fit very well in almost any cup holder (unlike the playtex) and greatly reduce my little ones gassy problems.
What a lifesaverI am breastfeeding but feel the need to have a back up plan in case I need to leave so I tried the Avent bottles on the recommendation of my sister.
My 5-month old daughter took right to them.
No nipple confusion!
), and was doing a mess, with milk dripping everywhere.
Well after using them for about 2 weeks they started to leak.
They don't leak and our baby has less gas.
The liners prevent a lot of gas.
You get 100 of them for maybe $5.00.
We haven't had any problems with leaking at all.So I don't recommend the Avent bottles unless you want to be cleaning up milk all the time.
But the other Avent things we have like the sterilizer, warmer, & many other products work just perfectly and would recommend all of them!
I just had to give a warning so you don't lose a lot of money like we did.These bottles are just okay.
First of all, they do leak.
Second of all, they are expensive.
As my son got older, I had other bottles I would use for him, but he always preferred the Avent ones.I never had problems with leaking like I had read about, so I don't know much about that.
But there was absolutely no leaking here!There is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well, including sterilizers and breast pumps.
Everything was compatible with my Avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.I am pregnant with my second and Avent is all I am going to buy for her.I absolutely love these bottles!!
I love how they are designed.
Because of their width, my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months!!
I also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!
And they are interchangeable!!
I plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle!!!
I LOVE EM!!!
I LOVE EM!!!
I LOVE EM!!!
I also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly!
!these dont require that extra ring to make it leak proof.
they will leak out of the nipple if it is upside down so if your baby feeds themselves, watch that they dont drop it and wedge it somewhere upside downupdated review***** i love avent NATURALLY bottles and trusted that is what i was getting when i looked at all 12 customer photos.
and the oz numbering on these reg bottles is the kind that will scratch and rub off easily.
so disappointed that i now have to return these :(I love these bottles.
My Amelia is hardly every gassy with them.
If either are wet or have milk on them (like when you open it to re-fill a partially full bottle) you must re-dry the threads and nipple before screwing closed.
Motto: "IF you don't hear a squeak, it's gonna leak".
Good luck.We got these bottles because they are supposed to be the closest thing to breast feeding, and they advertise a 'slow-flow' nipple.
Needless to say, the milk just ran down our baby's chin every time.
They are way too expensive and didn't work well for us.Baby is breast-fed and I registered for these so I could pump and my husband could feed her at night.
We switched to the Platex NaturalLatch and now she takes a bottle.
The nipples on the Platex are much softer and shorter.
Baby switches between the bottle and breast now, no problem.I like the nipple flow on these bottles for my newborn, as well as the small bottle size, but I found that the nipple only vented air back into the bottle properly about 50% of the time.
I then ran out and got the Munchkin Tri-flow.
You can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!Munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the Avent bottle.
For those experiencing leaks, it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly.
These are well worth the price paid.
They are leakproof, and come in a 2 pack just as the replacement nipples do.
Still a great product in my book!I have to agree with reviewers, the nipple of the Avent bottles is great.
My little guy ends up wearing as much milk as he drinks.
I've tried all of the suggestions, but have had no success in making the bottle leak proof.
They protect your baby from getting gas while he eats.
But if your baby is really gasy and has colic, I recomend you the Dr brown bottles.
no other bottle compites with avent!We think these bottles are very durable and easy to use.
The markings didn't come off in the dishwasher, even after repeated washings.
Also, Avent makes a long-spouted sippy top that fits on these bottles.
Using this helps switch from bottle to cup.We've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great.
We've had no problems with leaking, and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the #1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby, since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you.
I love Avent bottles and so does my daughter.
Easy to assemble, wash and use.
My daughter likes the easy to latch on nipple and I like being able to purchase faster flow nipples as needed.
Good quality bottles, don't leak and have easy to read oz./ml.
measurements.A lactation consultant recommended these bottles to me.
I didn't want to hassle with the disposable liners.
I feel my baby doesn't swallow as much air.
A lot of babies are gassy and I wouldn't blame it on the bottle.
I was very pleased with them right off, so I never bothered to try any others.
I just use a bottle brush with warm, soapy water, then put the bottle, nipple and ring in my Avent steam sterilizer (which I love).
Although my son uses the 9 ounce bottles now, I still use some of the 4 ounce bottles to mix and store formula that I add to his cereal.I have been using nothing but these bottles for the first 6 months of my baby's life.
Yes they WILL LEAK if you don't pull the nipple all the way through.
But that is an easy fix!
I attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.Also these can be converted to sippy cups.
I threw all the other bottles I got as a shower gift right out in the trash - my baby will not drink from them.I really like this pump.
After one use they leaked from under the plastic disk.
EVERY bottle I have leaks.
What a PAIN!
I sold my lot on ebay and replaced them w/ the Playtex vent air.
I did save one bottle so I could pump into it though.I bought this to use with my Avent bottles (which by the way LEAK) and I was very disappointed.
My doctor told me to pump to stimulate my milk production which was coming in slowly.
Once I started using a Medela Electric pump, I got tons of milk!
I was skeptical about the price, but it's totally worth it if you want to be able to use a pump on a regular basis.I bought this pump mainly because were always out and about.
When my daughter was first born she was re-admitted to the hospital at 3 days for jaundice.
I had read that breat milk can increase or worsen jaundice so I pumped to save the milk for when she got out of the hospital.
The ice packs were definatly a plus and so was the cooler bag.
The bottles that comes with it are ok.
This also came in handy and quickly reduced engorgement for me.
It HURTS my nipples.
My friend got me this Isis breast pump kit and I tried it.
I LOVE it!
I used it since my daughter was about 2 weeks old.
I doesnt hurt my nipples like the electric breast pump does as I can control it with every squeeze.
It doesnt hurt my wrist (as one might think.)
I only supplement my daughter with one bottle of EBM at night.
It takes me 10-15 minutes and I can express 5 ounces with this pump!
I LOVE IT!Oh, and it is virtually silent so I can pump one breast as I breast feed my daughter on the other!!
Also, I've found that I can still get milk out with my electric even after I'm done with the Isis.
However I do keep this pump in my desk drawer for emergencies (like the time I forgot my other pump at home) or for out-of-office meetings (because it's small and discrete).
It's also great for occasional home use or for women who need to leave the house with a pump every once in a while.
I'm giving it 4 stars because I don't think it should be advertized for use at a full time job.This is a great pump.
I haven't had any issues with it.
I pump constantly as my son is very finicky as to when he wants a bottle or a breast in his mouth.
The carrying case is great for when I go back to work and it can also be used as a carrying bag for keeping milk/formula cold when you go out.
While I love the pump I am not happy with the Avent Bottles.
They can leak easily if you over or under tighten the bottle.
You want to get a nipple on and feed.
Sometimes if I put down the pump on the bed and it tips a bit I get spillage from where the pump connects to the bottle.I based my decision to purchase this pump based on all the reviews it got.
I average 2-3 ounces every hour and half.. at 20 minutes at a time.. which is rediculous.
The first time I used it (1 week after giving birth), it took me 45 minutes to pump 1 1/2 oz!
So I bought a Madela electric.But as months passed I got a little bit more experienced in breast feeding, I realized that if I knew how stimulate a "let down" that the Isis would have worked for me.
Unlike Madela which simulate a baby's sucking which then stimulated a "let down", with Isis it is up to me to get myself to "let down".Isis would work great for any mother if: 1-you pump while your baby is breastfeeding on the other breast or 2-if you know how to stimulate your breast enough to stimulate a "let down".My Isis did squeak when I used it, so beware if you plan on pumping with this in public if this sort of thing embarasses you.I had NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO idea..!!!
I only recieved this pump - no electrical one and I wanted 2 diiiiie!
I was in pain for days after I gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern.
I wanted 2 diiiie I tell you..
I would finish pumping and da baby would be getting up for a feeding... NOooooo!
already, I would think... yes and with only 4 oz to show.
My milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) I am still nursing and again the manuel pump and I did NOT have a good relationship.
We started off badlyI read all the reviews on this pump but still wasn't convinced about buying this pump.
I originally purchased a Gerber pump and it worked until it cracked.
I asked a lactation consultant what kind of pump she'd recommend and she recommended Avent and Medela.
I needed a pump in my price range so I chose the Avent.I like how the suction mimics a baby's latch but milk gets stuck everywhere and it leaks all over the place.
The pump also makes an annoying squeaking noise and sometimes I lose suction.
I'd recommend this pump over Gerber though.
Besides that, its very conviencent to use and easy.
I think, since its plastic rubbing plastic it just makes the noise after awhile you pump.I love the Advent line & highly recommend their bottles & microwave sterilizer, but this breast pump is awful!
The prong that connects to the handle, which creates the vacuum to pull the milk out, consistently becomes unlatched breaking the vacuum so you have to fix it and start all over.
I'm back to work full time and it has been working very well for me.
I started pumping at about 3 weeks, and was very fustrated at first.
It was tricky to figure out the timing and how much suction to use to get a good let down and milk flow.
By the time I went back to work I had a very nice supply of milk in the freezer and was comfortable pumping at work.Why I like it - 1) it's discrete, you can pump anywhere without the noise of an electic pump and the black case looks like any other professional bag a woman would carry 2) it's portable, It's small and light to carry around - even with a few bottles of milk.
Also the realm of accessories available is impressive.
Avent has thought of every possible need you may have.I am sold on the Avent Isis Breast Pump--it works great for me.
I nursed my 2nd child exclusively for 13 months, and I used this pump to express milk so that my husband could feed him.
Anyway, I just couldn't justify having to spend a couple of hundred dollars for a pump--maybe if I was working and wanted to continue breastfeeding, I probably would have.
I figured after having such an easy time breastfeeding my 2nd child, it would be a piece of cake the 3rd time around.
Well, it wasn't.
She did not latched on properly and I got really sore within the first couple of days.
It worked and I got to breastfeed again exclusively--my baby wasn't getting frustrated anymore because my milk supply increased.
Then when she was 6 weeks old, I had to leave her (unexpectedly) to attend my father's funeral in California.
I couldn't take her with me--she was too young.
I was able to express some before I left so she would have some breastmilk along with formula supplement while I was gone.
And then I pumped while I was gone--I did it on the plane restroom and airport restrooms very discretely, and I was done in about 15 minutes at a time.
And because it is manual, I was able to express whenever and whereever I needed to.
Of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners.
I find that I can more quickly get it ready and am able to pump one side as soon as my baby is finished nursing on the other side.
I definitely recommend having a manual pump, even if you plan on or already have an electric.If you are only going to be pumping once in a blue moon, then this is a great pump for you.
I found it to be an incredible nusance, so I borrowed a friend's Medela electric pump.
Never used this Back to Work pump more than twice after using hers!
With our next child, I will definitely be buying electric!Being a stay-at-home Mom, I don't need to pump frequently, but when I do pump, this item is terrific!
Easy to use.
I'm able to pump a 4 oz.
bottle in 5 minutes.
I suggest using it without the let down massage cushion.
This is my third child and I have breastfeed all three.
I have tried them all and this one is great.
The one-hand squeeze handle allows me to do other things while pumping!
Since I pump at work, the insulated bag is helpful.I used this product briefly and found it to be great for the price.
I used the electric Medella pump in the hospital and found this pump to be very comparable.
The milk always seemed to leak out underneath the plastic insert, so I took that out and it helped a little bit.
I used this product years ago with my daughter and I am adding it to my registry for my second child.
Its a moust-have for breastfeeding mothers.When my son was put in the NICU, he immediately stopped nursing.
I'm assuming it was due to the stress.
While I was at the hosptal, I used their Ameda Elite hospital pump, but at home, I was pumping full time with this pump.
It gets the job done quickly and the handle is very comfortable.The milk can leak out the sides, which can be very upsetting, especially if you're pumping for a hospitalized newborn and you need every drop you can get.
Another way to get it into the container is the break the suction between the pump and breast and pump the handle a few times.This pump worked great and I was able to come up with ways to avoid problems until I had used it (full time) for a month and a half.
The star would start getting sucked up into the top even if I slightly pumped the handle.
I emailed Avent and they emailed me back and had some great tips (great customer service, by the way!).
Problem solved.
If you use it as much as I did, the tackiness of the silicone wears and has to be fixed by the boiling.Lastly, I read some had problems getting everything to fit in the bag.
It takes talent, I tell you!
My advice is this: Remember how it was packaged in the first place!
Before you take it out of the bag, take note of how it's arranged.
After several attempts, I finally got it all back in.All in all, it's a great pump if you don't want to invest in an electric pump, or if you're only pumping occationally and you work around some of the little issues.
In those instances, I'd definitely recommend it!
After I returned from the hospital and my milk came in, boy was I engorged!!
I don't know what I would have done if I didn't have one yet-probably exploded!I went back to work as my son turned 2 months old.
I wanted to continue breastfeeding, and this has helped me do just that.
I work in a small office with nothing but a handful of men...with one bathroom!
With this one, I can discreetly pump in the bathroom for about 10 minutes.
It expresses the milk pretty fast in my opinion and it doesn't really hurt.
Maybe because my nipples are toughened up now.
It's great to store the milk in if you need to or for the ride home.
It only takes 4 minutes in the microwave to have everything sterilized.
Awesome all the way around!Two of my friends used this one daily and recommended it to me.
One of them went back to work and bought Medela just for pumping at work.
Of course it takes a little longer for hindmilk because the pressure from the breast is less by then.
On average it takes less than 10 minutes to pump 4-5 oz.I was back to work 2 weeks ago & have been using it twice a day.
Before this I used it 1-2 times a day to pump a ounce or so foremilk for 6 weeks, and it works very well for me.
All the parts are sturdy.
Just be careful with the little white valve when washing the parts, without it the pump won't work.
There's even a non-transparent drawstring pouch for storing breastmilk-filled bottles in the common fridge at work where everyone keeps their lunches!
A friend bought it to me as a gift and I use it everyday.
But after my production started, the pump started to work perfectly.
Once you achieve letdown it's great but it can take 10-15 minutes to get there.
I wish I could find replacement parts more easily - my only complaint.I pump just as fast from this pump as I do from the electric hospital grade one that I rented for the first month!
Of course, you can only pump one side at a time, but I actually like haveing the other hand free to read or email.The AVENT instructions say that some users can use the pump without the "cushion."
It worked great.
So if you are having problems with the pump try it without the cushion.
It sometimes falls out - while pumping and suction is lost and you have to take the whole thing apart to put the star vaulve back in.
For this reason, I like the cheapo Medela hand pump a little better.But for all you out there deciding between electric and manual - I am one user telling you that I get EXACTLY the same results with this manual as with an electric.
(4 to 6 ounces in 15 to 20 minutes)My friend gave me her pump when she was finished with it, I just boiled all the parts, and then threw them in the dishwasher.
(the bottle, and the other screwed on piece to the pump.)
With it I can express milk discreetly and quickly.
I can get between 7 and 10 ounces in 10 minutes.
I have never used an electric pump so I can't compare but if you are looking for a manual pump this one is perfect.Mine just didn't work with this pump.
I like the size because it isn't huge butcan dry several bottles.
COmes with a kinda flimsy bottle brush, will be a back up.
Good product.Using it for all the baby items - pacifiers, nipples, etc...
Holds the items well, easy to put them on.
Wish it could fold up and fit in the cupboard when we aren't using it, then would give it 5 stars.This is small, sturdy, and great for the price.
It takes up minimal space on the counter yet holds all my bottle pieces and accessories and then some.
I would recommend this over some of the fancier ones.
It does the job well.I wanted a small rack to dry my granddaughters bottles and accessories - and this works nicely.
Holds the right amount, drains right into the sink and also has a small hook on tray for drying items that won't fit on one of the &#34;stems&#34;.
Little fingers are eventually able to figure out that it's fun to pull off though.
It came with the corners which is great.
My baby has tried to pull at it and it doesn't come off.This color is light enough that doesn't call too much attention in my living room.I have purchased what feels like 100 ft of this stuff to protect my son who is quite a climber and runner.Overall I would say this is the best stuff but loses on star because sometimes that double sided sticky tap doesn't stick right.But you can't go wrong and should buy this to give yourself some piece of mindThese edge guards come in handy in a number of places.
They stick very well, even on uneven surfaces.
They are easy to cut and to mount exactly where needed.
I've deployed them in some areas for my own protection too ...
So you have to pull of many pieces and join them together on a long strip.
A roll would be much faster to apply.I have only owned this for a few days but I love it so far.
It's very cushion-y and very soft.
It has already prevented my child from a scrape.
You have enough tape for every square inch.I would have been okay with just the table corners.
There was no way the table guard was going to work around my glass table even with the tape included though.
Baby crawls without looking what is ahead, he hit the coffee table edge mostly, but I have this on the edge...
It is very helpful to have it on the sharp edges.
I wanted to tape all the corner of my house.worked great for a few weeks but living in a hot humid climate the seals eventually loosened up.
very easy to use and installI have used it on both a glass-topped table & wooden crib.
It was easy to put on & has been very durable, despite the best efforts of my very active 1 year old!
Very functional & economical.i reviewed similar product from this company before.
it is a good product which can absorb force well so all in all it serves it purpose well.One thing it can improve on is the adhesive glue used for bonding.
Currently it uses 3M tapes, which is okay but over time a child's curiosity will grow they will pick on it and over a period of two months of picking it may come off.
Make sure your table is clean, you might even want to go over the edges with rubbing alcohol.
If your table is dirty, it won't stick as well!
I've seen some reviews saying that it's not very attractive... of course it isn't!
However there are a couple of things we have found that help us optimize its usage.
We learned to make sure the ends of any piece were very well stuck down and didn't jut out otherwise our baby would pick at them and start peeling off the padding - to avoid this, it helped to put double-sided tape all the way to the end of the piece on both inner edges.
Also we didn't use the precut edges because we found that our baby managed to rip them off pretty easily and then tried to eat the backing tape.Just be aware that if your baby is teething, the spongy texture of the padding makes it tempting for them to bite on.
The 3M sticky tape is REALLY sticky.
Very soft and easy to place.
The only down fall is that they may be too soft.
I'd recommend it.I like it.
It sticks nicely.
and soft.
Thank you.I gave it only four stars because the item arrived with some of it missing,that was however resolved.The product does what it is supposed to.My crazy bruiser has made this probably the best baby purchase I made.
Well i procrastinated and didn't put it up till this week.
My son is 10 months and is full blown running so it was time.
So i improvised.
We measured the foam and cut accordingly to make it a tight fit.
we then attached the corner pieces to the cut out parts using gorilla glue and then clear packing tape to re-enforece the hold.
another plus we had about 6 inches left over that we used to cover our desk pull out keyboard thing.
can't beat that.We LOVE Prince Lionheart products.
We decided to get the edge guards.
The are soft and fit perfectly.Great Idea and has helped out alot as our son seems to always be bumping his head on stuff in the near vicinity of him.
However the glue on this device could be a little stronger because soon after applying it to what ever you need it on, our son figured out how to pull it off and now it won't stay on!I used this product on our fireplace to cover up the sharp edges but it doesn't stick very well to natural stone.
So occasionally I have to re-stick it once it comes loose.
My daughter been using the coffee table to pull her self up to stand and also been crawling through it to play with the stuff underneath.
Just right after I put it on she was doing that!
She even bumped her head on the edge!
But this seem to be doing well.
because I can't seem to get a STRAIGHT edge using a scissor.Very cushioned.
They stick fairly well, but a toddler could peel them off if motivated.
We have even used this around a rock fireplace base and it stayed stuck.
The longer guard is easy to cut for whatever length is needed.
I've reordered and used this product for two houses and I will reorder again if I ever need more.I think my daughter would pull off any table corner I put on, but this one at least seems the most sturdy and is easy to put back on when she does pull it off.
The chocolate is the closest color we could get to our espresso tables, nothing is going to look great, but this at least looks decent and clean.Just installed in on my coffee table and it is not an eyesore!
Will be buying more to apply to the underside corners and the leg corners - for some reason my son keeps hitting his head on every corner possible!This a great product.
It was easy to trim and apply.
Its sort of a cement tan color.
There is a balance there that you have to have.
You can't have everything.
You can't cover everything, but we have to make an effort since our 10 month old is scooting around now.
He hasn't paid any attention to the padding nor tried to pull it off YET.
And we haven't had to remove any to see if it hurts our furniture.
It doesn't make the furniture look great by any means, but it is what it is.
I care more about the safety than the aesthetics of my furniture.
On a second order, we did get the beige but it is darker than they make it look in the photo.
Neither was a HUGE deal to us, but I could see this mattering to people wanting to match their furniture more.We  have used  this edging  and corners  on several  pieces of furniture.
It serves it purpose well.
I've tried goo gone to no avail.
If anyone has any tips how to get the tape off, which is coated with random pieces of foam from the old bumpers, I'd love to hear them.
We're going to use the corner pieces on a table of mine and I've already checked the color there too.
The expandable thing doesn't fit the sizes listed (no way it will work on a 90 inch table) and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970s.I just installed these a couple of days ago, so I will downgrade my review if I have any problems in the future.
Mine came with a 3M tape, and the installation seems very sticky.
The only reasons I knocked off a couple stars are:1.
The installation tape comes in pre-cut strips, so you have to use several of them.
There were no directions included.
I am sure there must have been some things that would have made installation easier, but they included no directions other than simple pictures showing to put the tape on the foam and stick the foam on the table.We have a raised stone hearth fireplace.
if this wasnt on our fireplace.
We've also used it on some other wood furnture and it works well.Sticks amazingly well and cushions nicely.
Also, the foam is a bit stretchy, so your measurements don't have to be exact.
I cut the foam a bit short and then just stretched it to fit.
Easy!This took care of our immediate need - PROTECT THE BABY'S HEAD.
However, they seemed to stay on tight when I applied the tape to the top and bottom on the inside of the foam.
I just started with one corner edge, measured the long foam piece, and then cut the foam with scissors (just alittle bit longer then what I though I needed.
A definite for anyone with a fireplace and a squishy little handful of a baby :)We put this on our coffee table six months ago, all but one of the corners have fallen off repeatedly.
She will still bump into the table at times and it doesnt offer much cushion.
It is not really thick enough or wide enough.
Corners are a joke.
Just keeps coming off.Love the ease of use, color, and cushions very well for my clumsy baby.
Our son has clipped his chin, run around corners and hit his head and even bit the sides of the furniture when teething.
What a great baby proofing item.We bought 2 sets, used on window sill, formica edges and corners, and along mirrored wall edges... we suggest not putting tape in guard but putting on the surface first, then slowly rolling the guard over the tape in a straight line.I got this set to edge our stone hearth, and the color is a nice neutral beige/taupe.
No lifting or peeling.
The seams blend nicely together where the corners and straight pieces meet, and its discreet and doesn't scream &#34;BABY PROOFING!&#34; Highly recommended.We used these with my first daughter and bought them again for the 2nd.
They stick well and are very helpful with the sharp corners.
Use more sticky stuff than you think you need.
Also, after a year on my entertainment center, I was able to take everything off with a little elbow grease!This worked perfectly for our fireplace.
It fit snugly and firmly.
Cuts easy, tape is sticky and hasn't peeled off.
My son peeled it off immediately and the wall plaster came off and he was trying to eat it.So I.
My attemp to baby proof the corners I created more problems.I had to fix the plaster from peeling off and prevent him from eatting it.
But I think this is the only solution out there to protect corners.Provides the right amount of cushion.
My son was pulling up on furniture by 5 months but was very clumsy.
The triplets climb all over the living and always come back to the table to play.
It's easy to install but, keep in mind that your baby can easily pull this off of whatever it's attached to but, you don't want something that is going to stay on forever.
I need to return this itemShipped in nice original box.Four corner plus the long strip - as described.A nice touch is the double-sided-tape is 3M and not some cheap fall-off-next-week tape.These were easy to install and are aesthetically bearable.
We'll see how easily my 8-month old will pull them off, but so far they are holding even though we've had some climbing onto them and such.
I might be purchasing new tables?
I even used it on a wall corner near the play area.
Stays fine.
My son even tried chewing on it w his new sharp teeth.
It held up.
The window was level with the daybed he often played on, and I had visions of him cracking his head.
I lined the edges of the windowsill.
This works well.
My son is a pretty good listener, and I kept telling him not to touch or pull the foam off, it was there for a reason, and it is still there two months later.
It will come off very easily if pulled, just a forewarning.
This product works great on my entertainment center and my lower window sills.
The product sticks great and my little one can't pull them off.
Just this morning he walked over to the window and fell and hit his head on the sill and he didn't get hurt.
I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with little ones.I bought a Safety First Foam Edge Bumper from Wal-Mart for the SAME price as this that was only about 5ft and didn't have corners, and it was already cut into strips.
Comparing this set to the one I bought, it wins in every category.
It STICKS!
It's 3m brand double-sided tape and it didn't budge!
I couldn't pull mine off, so I know my 9 month old can't.This edge guard is very easy to put on and sticks very well.
Its very soft as well.
Would recommend.I put this on my coffee table and it works great.
Seems pretty secure and there will be no split foreheads with this stuff on the edges!We used this for our fire place.
There is a raised seat and we used two of the corners and covered the edges.
Our fire place is tile and the color blends in well!Easy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!
I'd rather re-finish my wood coffee tabble than deal with all the boo-boos and broken teeth it(my coffee table) has caused!
(I have three kiddos and this coffee table has taken a tooth from two of them before they were 2yrs old)  I'm hoping this protector will prevent that with my third little one!
This sticks well and he really has not hurt his head since we put it on.
It does the job!This stuff works great for baby proofing.
Have had it on our coffee tables and other sharp edges for over a year.
Still in place and working.
Totally worth it.
Wish it came in black.I have an espresso wooden rectangular coffee table.
I bought two sets of these and they are working perfectly!
For some reason, even when I measure and lay out the tape carefully the strips always were cut a little too short so I had to cut a few filler pieces for the spaces between some of the corners and the edging.
I applied the edge guard on both the top of the table and the lower table that sits close to the ground.My little one was making us so nervous from hitting her head on this thing before so now we don't have to sit there with our hands over the corners when she plays around it!
The foam is thick and durable!
It has stayed in place for the most part.
The corner pieces tend to easily come off with a little one around.
I would still recommend!I bought this for multiple purposes and it worked perfectly for all.
The only con is that it is a bit pricey.
They are soft enough that when my 18 month old hits his head directly on the corner he doesn't even flinch.-Long strips both with and without the corners used on table edges and on my bottom step:  I have a ledge/stoop inside my house near the backdoor and it has sharp metal edges nailed in along the entire length.
This works like a charm.The edges have not peeled off metal, it was extremely easy to install and there was more than enough tape strips/squares given.
THey have a precut slit down the length so you can open it up and slide it on the edges of tables.
You'd need to tape it somehow but each strip is long and costs less than a dollar.
I covered a large coffee table for around $3 and some blue painters tape.Bought this item to line the corners of the coffee table, side tables, and fire place.
You can customize the padding by cutting them.I ordered 2 packages in order to cover the appropriate circumference of 1 coffee table and the front edges of two end tables.
Aside from the lack of length, the product works well and seems secure.
I would have ordered more had I known about the length.
It's quite a disparity between 7' and 12', so purchase appropriately.These provide protection for our daughter on the coffee table.
Just dont waste any part of the adhesive it is precious.
It become furniture.
thank youWorks great.
Takes some time to put the adhesive strips on, but these work so much better than other brands we have tried.
Also, they are soft enough to prevent bruises when they do fall into them.This blends well with our coffee table and kept my little one safe.
The real test will be when we take it off - will it peal off the wood from the furniture ?You know when you're child free and buy great furniture?
Those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.
Then you go to take it off because your child has spilled parmesan cheese and... what...the?
The wood came off.
The WOOD came off.
Not like a dent that could be sanded.
I piece of wood literally splintered off.
So, while this product will protect your kid's noggin, don't put it on a piece of furniture you like.These work for small corner surfaces.
If you put it on as one long strip it will fall off.
Works good for coffee tables.my baby has been not intrigued enough to pull this out.
I have it even on the wall corners in my house.
Lots of cusion and sticks well.
But we used it for other things in our house and my son can't just peel it off like other products.
They come with a good amount of adhesive tape, which is why I purchased this brand over others.
So, we have small gaps between the pieces which aesthetically isn't great, but it still protects my daughter.
If I had the time and money, I might purchase again and install it better knowing what I know now, but it works fine.This product does not adhere well.
I have tried it on wood, metal, and painted surfaces.
What's more, other "safety" products I have purchased that use well-known 3M tape were defective as well.
Also, when I tried to remove the cushion, the tape removed my furniture paint.
I accidentally ordered 2 packs and in brown but I like it anyway.
Just gives me peace of mind to now that if my daughter should bump into a table corner the blow will be cusionedClean your coffee table or whatever well for the sticky to stick especially on a round glass table top.
Protects the kiddo's noggin pretty well!I have tried tons of different bumpers and my favorite is prince lionheart, it is easy to apply and is nice looking as well.When you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.
So I brought this to resolve that issue and prevent further damage-- works well.These bumpers work well on our wooden coffee table.
It seems pretty stuck with the tape they gave you.
It has stuck really well onto our fireplace (which is small, square, not totally even tile) for 2 weeks now.
The corners fit better, and the tape works a lot better.This is the worst thing ever.
It sticks for one week and then its down.
I put in on my coffe table and end tables and they are all damage because of the tape.Don't buy itThis product works rather well.
It is easy to apply to furniture and it remains in place.
I used the guard to cover the fireplace brick edges and it worked out fine since I didn't need the whole length.
My brother used these for my nephews and keeps them on things because his niece (my daughter) is now toddling about.
I like them, they don't hurt your furniture (don't sue me if they hurt yours, but they didn't hurt mine or my brother's).
It&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use.
We put the guard on the edge and it stays even though it gets wet every day as we shower.
I used the table corners for the corners of low window sills that are in his play area and it works well to protect him from falling on them and doubles as a teether.
lol He loves chewing on it!
It&#699;s a very soft, spongy material.
Hopefully there&#699;s no BPA in it because it&#699;s constantly in my son&#699;s mouth!Needed this item for our brick fireplace and decided to give it a shot despite some saying that the double sided adhesive tape didn't work well.
I assumed we would try it and then rig something else up (velcro, etc) if it didn't work.
My 11 month old goes up to it and tries to chew it (for all the chew toys that child has?!)
Time will tell how long it lasts, but I am happy with the density of the edge guard and how well it went on that even if I did have to do some reworking of the adhesive in the future I would still be happy with the quality of the edge guard as well as the safety the product provides.This is a great product for protecting your babies!
We loved its quality and baby proofed our entire living room with it!This edge guard worked out pretty well for our needs.
Baby was able to pry off the corner edges after just a month or so (of course, the corner edges are where she hurts herself mostly).
but it'll do for now.
lets see how long it lasts.These are very basic.
I don't see this lasting a long time.
One to use, while the other is washing!
It seems as soon as I take off my baby's diaper, it's then she decides to "go".I read other reviews about complaints of color fading and shrinkage.
I have washed the cover over and over on hot and then let it air dry instead of putting it in the dryer.
I also appreciate how many colors it comes in.What I am disappointed with is the durability.
I have 3 of these and have used them for just over a year.
They are totally falling apart at the elastic.
Now, keep in mind that we use disposable "chucks" (those blue hospital disposable under pads) on top of this terry cloth changing pad.
It fits a little snugly, so the corners of the pad don't exactly stay as "pointy" as they were when it was new, but it works very well.
You're right there with baby, anyway.After only a few uses and washes, this pad cover started to tear.
It was ripping in the corners, and no matter how gentle I was, the hole got bigger.The color choice is out standing.
.
I purchased the lilac, and a white cover and they both go well with my nursery decor.
I only wish I got more that two!These terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin.
So, when you go to put them back on the pad the fit is a bit tight, but I find they pull out pretty quickly to thier normal size.
When they do finally get to small to fit the pad I will go out and buy some more!
I mean it's terrycloth, what do ya expect?
Besides, the darn things get all kinds of yuck on them all day.
They are going to take a beating being washed all the time as it is.
They are totally worth the money to replace!
I would buy them again!Washed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief!
Didn't even use it once!
Don't bother!!
!Very convenient - I have a one year old and I babysit a one year old.
It handles well.
When you put the connectors on, make sure they're tight, and even so it will seem like there's too much slack for it to really move, but it does work.
Just give it a go.
It was slightly difficult especially since the double didn't have much room to put the middle connector on.. but it works!
They work well to connect two umbrella strollers.
I've been using this booster for 2 years now.
It has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.
Both of them LOVE it.
I also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.
I don't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use...it is well worth the money!This is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.
I can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids LOVE to pull apart!!
My young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.
The material is very lightweight and cleans up very easily.
The one-piece construction also aids in clean-up - no cracks to trap food or let spills get through to your furniture.
Forget about using it at restaurants because it's not different enough from what they'll provide.
If anything, our son is frustrated by the Booster because its size prevents him from climbing into his chair unassisted.
Made of an interesting foamy material, it actually stays where you put it on a chair so your little one can eat like a "big person" at the table with you.
The surface wipes clean easily, it's portable and comes in its own plastic carry case so you can toss it in the car to bring along to restaurants (who wants to use a filthy universal high chair that maybe 1000+ kids have spilled on before yours??
)Your child will love the comfy feel, the secure bottom and the colors!
We bought ours in the store and there was a choice of Aqua, Red, Black, Royal Blue and Purple.
The price is right in line with other toddler feeding contraptions, and this one will grow with your child till they are old enough to sit without a booster.
We were at our wits end and after reading all the reviews here, we decided to give it a try, but I must admit we were a bit skeptical and nervous using this for our daughter because she is so young and most of the other reviewers said they used this for an older child.
Well our daughter absolutely loves this and is so proud of her upgrade from highchair to big kid comfy booster.
Best of all, the seat brings her to the perfect height at our table (much better fit than the hard plastic boosters) and she appears to be much more comfortable (not to mention our once picky eater is now happily eating everything she sees now).
My daughter has no problems sitting still for extended periods as long as she is occupied, but if she were the kind of kid who always has to be moving at this age, I wouldn't use this booster just yet as it does not have any safety belt to hold your child in.This is the best booster seat.
We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it!
It is the most durable seat too.
My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition.
It is soft and comfy.
It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it.
Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids!
* The "carry case" is cheap and really the size of a diaper bag... uhh sorry I already have one of those* leaves his feat dangling, although this is a problem occuring in MANY booster seatsThis is just a booster.
The trays don't leave enough room for a bigger child's legs.
However, this booster seats is soft and cushiony.
It feels stable on wood chairs, and it allows the child to sit at the big people's table.
My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so.
We have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers.
It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue.
Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing.
Your chair does need to be made of something to "grip" this chair, such as a wooden chair.
I tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work.
They do what they are supposed to do, at least on my desk.
My desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate, with a very smooth surface, so these things stick very well.
For this 'peace of mind', I give this product 5 stars.
One more thing... there is NO substitute for proper and constant child supervision.I must have a newer version because mine stick just fine.
I have very sharp corners on the bottom of my kitchen counters and these guys do the job.
They are so much thicker and cushionery than the other versions (pricey though), but I think they're worth it.
No more bumped heads!I love these.
I haven't had to take them off the table so I can't speak to the residue part, but these are snug and protective.These don't stick at all!
My guys ripped them off the sides of the tables the second we put them up.
What a waste.
:(just to point out first, the guards are NOT white!
they came in a light brown.
they cover the corner very well seeing how big they are, but once again the sticky tape sucks.
Taking the backing off one it's stuck to the pad takes a bit of effort.
They seem to have stick OK but 3M tape would be better.They don't seem to stick very well.
I do wish they came in more colors for some of my lighter wood.I ordered these for our coffee table corners.
From the information I read about this product it said to order the jumbo/wider (rather than standard size) guards.
Unfortunately I guess what I really need is something not just for wide corners but rounded as well.
He moves so fast right to where the furniture is.
I needed the jumbo size for the bottom of my entertainment center.When a baby gets to the crawling stage, your life changes.
There are some tables that require the corner piece and the long padding all around the parameter of the table due to sharp edges, but in most cases, this is enough.
I only wish they were a little less obvious.
Unless you have very light wood furniture, these things stick out like a sore thumb.
Many months from now I suppose I'll find out if that is true, but in the meantime I have (relative) peace of mind when my grandson is crawling or toddling around and that is Priority 1.I ordered these corner guards for my TV stand and coffee table and they work great, the only down fall is if your furniture isn't as thick as the guard the sides don't stick very well because they aren't flat against a surface like they are on the top.I put this on the corners of my brick fireplace and sticks well.
When I saw it for 25, I just had to get it.
I found it for 12.50 and decided that it would make a gift for someone else if it didn't work for me (man, I can be cruel :)  This time, it seems to work pretty well.
All the buttons work.I did have a little trouble with the light because when the light is on, the button is pressed in.
If you can't find it on sale, get a regular CD player: they plug in and are cheaper.We love this product.
Being able to change the music our son listens to every nite is such a nice option - and we don't have to listen to the same lullaby's all the time (if at all).The light is dim, but as a few others noted, who wants a bright light?
The baby is trying to sleep!It's enough light to see him if I peek in and it's still on.I feel the volume is plenty loud enough.
It's plenty loud enough for his tiny nursery, and i've never turned it all the way up.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the battery issue - it eats batteries worse than any other toy he has - including the swing which we use much more often.I thought that was strange, and if it does take that much power, it should come with rechargable batteries.Maybe the next model :)overall we're very pleased though.I really like this CD player.
It is a nightlite.
It is just fine.
I can check on baby and see him fine.
*The timer function if great.
Maybe in the next version the manufacture will include this.
*As far as the CD's ckipping when hit, I solved that by sliding a piece of foam between the play and the rails of the crib.
***It is not perfect but it does the trick!
I don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than I don't think I will.
You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd's.could not even try it it didn't fit on our crib.
My baby uses it every time she goes to sleep...at night and for naps.
I like it cause it shuts off itself.
I exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems.
So when we found out we were having twins i ran out and bought 2 of them.
We started to put the nurserys together and when it came time to put these on they wouldnt fit.
I didnt want to stratch the crib rails up so we took them back.
When we did try to play a cd in them it skipped.
We ended up just buying small cd/radio players for each of their room because this is something they can both use for a long time.I bought this for our son when he was born 3 years ago.
I loved it at first.
For his first 6 months of life he slept in a bassinet and this conveniently attached to it and then came the crib issues where he would stand up and try to get it off the side which inadvertently made the cd skip, fall off the track and post the "E" sign.
When he moved to a big boy bed we placed it on the dresser.
I, unlike other users, had no trouble with the volume.
In fact, I found myself turning it down on numerous occasions as I could here it in other rooms and it seemed like it was blaring.
The battery compartment on the other hand is a joke.
I now have another baby and just a couple days ago was once again trying to open the battery compartment.
I had to put all my strength into it and when it finally decided to open, the whole cd player flew out of my hand, hit the wall, the front compartment broke off and well needless to say wouldn't play another cd after that.
So I guess it serves it's purpose just inconveniently.
I debated buying another one in hopes "First Years" would have fixed these issues but honestly I'd rather find another product who can make things right the first time.We have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.
I love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.
Once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.
However, if our son sits down to pee, he gets pee all over the place.
Even with him holding his private part down with his finger.
Highly recommended!We have two of these and love them.
We have a boy and the front of the seat is high so it keeps the pee in the toilet for the most part.
Once set it is one hand operation especially for the times when you are running with the kid in one hand.
My daughter likes to do it herself and it is very easy for her to do so.
It not heavy in case the finger gets in between the seat.After some little potty chair fails, I decided to try out a seat that fits on the big toilet.
This one came up first as it has the most reviews, and it does for a reason.
This seat works, period.
I do have a girl though so I cant vouch if it works for the little guys.It has a device underneath that tightens it onto the big toilet seat.
It stays in place when kids climb on and off instead of slipping or tipping like some other seats.
Also, after about three years (and a couple of kids) the black rubber handle on the back started to break, but I consider that minor wear and tear.
Overall, I'd recommend this seat above others on the market.
It safe and looks nice.My son is 21 months old and likes the bear on the product, which entices him to sit down on it.
There is no risk of him falling in, and it doesn't seem to slip.While I think it's a great fit for the toilet, my daughter won't sit on it for more than a couple minutes, having to adjust every few seconds because she says it &#34;isn't comfy&#34;.
After the great reviews and was actually recommended to me by my sister, it just doesn't work for our daughter.
I'm going to have to buy a cheap padded one I guess.
Stinks that I can't return this thing.
The splashguard doesn't really do much for boys and because of it, my son can't keep his legs close together like he can on the mini toilets in his daycare, so he has to be very conscious to not spray when he pees.I think it's a bit bulky for travelling.
The Bjorn Toilet Trainer is definitely more contoured to little peoples' bodies, which is great, but we still found it to be pretty messy.It fits our toilet great- it doesn't slip at all.
Sometimes, though, it will stick to my son's skin after he's been sitting on it for several minutes, so it pops up as he stands.
I guess I was hoping for a basic seat that would act exactly like a normal toilet seat- the child sits down, the pee goes in the toilet, and you flush it away.
Unfortunately, whenever my son urinates, even when keeping his parts pointed down, the pee gets everywhere!
He likes using it, and the splash guard in the front works.
There is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the Toile Trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat.
We have elongated Kohler toilets and the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer adjust to fit snugly.The reason I am rating it 4 stars is the adjustment wheel started slipping after a few removal and reinstallations.
Now if I have to reinstall the seat, I pre-adjust it and then position it onto the regular toilet seat.It fits my toto oval shape toilet bowl, I like it!
And my baby loves to put it on the toilet bowl and sits on it.We bought this about 8 months before my daughter started seriously training.
Once she started training this was a great seat and she used it until about six months after she was trained and could get up on the seat on her own.
Great seat.i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old, and we've reduced the number of diapers significantly, with very rare #2 diapers, woohoo!!!
of course i had to hold the baby, but at 11 months, holding is discouraged.
there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip, but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets, though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly.
(but then if your kid isn't too young, you probably won't need a trainer for a small toilet.)
I bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the Bjorn and so glad we did.
Definately worth the extra money, great design!Yes I am trying the impossible of early potty training with my 13 month old.
This seems well built but just in case anyone was wondering, a little too big for a 75%ile 1 year oldI like this toilet seat.
It keeps his little butt out of the toilet.
He likes it, too.Good for boys, no spray.
we have 4, all over the house...I love this seat.
I have two in my house and this one is my favorite.
Which is great, since we actually have a round seat in one bathroom and an oval one in the other.
I keep this one in the main bathroom, since it's the favorite.
Definitely recommend this to anyone who has smaller butts (you know, children) in the house.Good toddler toilet seat.
No issues.
Fits well on long toilet seat.
As an added bonus, this toilet trainer seat is fully adjustable to fit practically any size toilet seat.
This toilet trainer doesn't slide around at all on the toilet seat, which helps my little-one to feel more secure while sitting on it.
Despite the exact fit, the toilet trainer seat is so easy to put on and remove that a preschooler could probably do it unassisted.
Apparently, when toddlers first begin to use the "grown-up toilet," many of them experience an innate fear of falling in, even when using a potty seat insert like this one.
Handles can help alleviate this fear by giving them something to hold onto to anchor themselves while sitting on the potty seat.
This was the case with my daughter.
When sitting on this toilet trainer seat, she couldn't relax enough to urinate, much less have a bowel movement.
She would either hold my hands or grab onto the sides of the (unsanitary) toilet seat in order to steady herself, but even then, she still couldn't relax enough to do her business.
The first time we used that seat, my daughter immediately grabbed onto the handles and peed for the first time in the toilet!
However, the Arm & Hammer potty seat is too small for my elongated toilet seat, and it's not adjustable, so it constantly slides around when my daughter is on it.
But the Shandle has turned out to be a perfect solution for us to the problem of using the handle-less BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer seat.
We just stuck a Shandle on each side of our toilet seat (around the same place that our daughter would grab onto the toilet seat), and voila!
She had two, secure handles to hold onto to anchor herself has she used the toilet trainer seat.
Doesn't slide or wiggle on the toilet.2.
Pretty flat, light-weight compact design can pack easily in a suit case or other luggage for travel.4.
Doesn't pinch skin.5.
Child doesn't fall through hole (holds little behinds securely).6.
Easily removeable for adult use of toilet.7.
Great design, if it wasn't so pricey I would get rid of my portable potties and purchase 2 more of these.This seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy.
You'll need to watch out for this, and you'll likely have a little spillage from time to time.
Perhaps the next version can offer an expanded splashguard.
She was so scared that she would wait until the very last second to go and she would have accidents because of it.
We ended up purchasing 3 of these because they worked so well.I am only giving it four starts though because we did find that she would hurt her booty and &#34;parts&#34; some times when she would try to slide up on it.
While this doesn't 100% fit/lock in.
It's comfortable, reliable and easy to clean.
Love it!
I like that the shape sort of holds the child in.
This is a GREAT seat.
I would give it 4 1/2 starts if I could.
We ended up needing a second seat for another toilet and it had handles.
I do recommend this one but you also will have to train him to hold himself down so the flow doesn't jump the small cup.
He caught on right away so no problems there.
Might as well start him on the real thing so we don't have to switch him over later, right?
The guests.
just.
love.
it.
&#34;You have a toilet seat on your wall!
Wow!
That's great!&#34; said nobody ever.
But whatever, it's an easy way to store it.
Your kid sits on it to pee.
I'd recommend this product to others.I have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs.
I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat, easy to clean.
That doesn't seem to be a big deal to the boys.
Seems very durable.
This moves two "wings" so that the seat attaches securely to the toilet seat, even if it is an elongated seat.
After securing the seat, I tried to wiggle the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer from side-to-side as might happen with a rambunctious toddler.
The seat held firmly in place.The splash guard at the front of the seat is sufficiently high to prevent accidental oversprays.
My 2 year old daughter can lift it up and put it on the toilet.
Great product.Love this thing.
This seat fits snugly onto the toilet and doesn't move around.
So we bought a well-rated fancy potty seat with all sorts of "features" that was absolutely terrible.
We have one of the long oval toilet bowls, and that didn't cause any trouble with this seat.
This only showed up this morning, but already my two and a half year old has nearly figured out how to get it on and off the toilet seat by himself.
We put a big sturdy step stool in front of the toilet, and my son is so excited now that he can get up there and down again by himself!Works well, but you basically need to also buy the steps that go with it or your kid cannot get on the potty by themselves.. which is the point.
Our 2.5yr old has no problem getting on this herself with the help of a step stool and she likes the fact that she's going potty like a grown-up.
Our favorite thing about using this seat is no more cleaning out pee-pee and poo-poo (gets pretty gross when my girl has diarrhea) since it goes right in the toilet!great seat, fits well on toilet, my son loves it.
great quality.
It is a great size for a little two-year-old learning to sit on the toilet.
The front part can get a little messy if they scoot forward after using the bathroom, but the surface is very easy to clean.
This is a great little seat.Used this seat for my daughter, and now using it for my son.
The guard is great as long as you teach your son how to sit properly on the seat.
This has been a great seat for us, and it fits both of our toilets securely.
Wish I has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones.
If I had this would have been the one I would have bought.
It's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son's house and the one at my house.
Dry days are coming soon, wish they had these when my kids were at this stage.This potty seat is simple, comfortable and easy to use.
We love it!
We used it on the road at a hotel, and it fit on the hotel's elongated toilet.
She seems to find it comfy to, judging from how long she's willing to sit there sometimes.
We ended up tossing them, as they would eventually begin to smell, and become discolored from the inside out.
They always seemed to leave my daughter's bum with an angry red rash too.
We have one in both our bathrooms, and sent one to my daughter's preschool, so it fits large toilets as well.Despite the higher price, this is an item that will last a long time and function as expected.
Ultimately, I believe that makes it worth the extra money.Fits on larger toilet seat.
I don't even need to secure it to the lid, fits perfectly without moving.
Transportable if you need to take it places.It is so secure when placed on a toilet and really - that's what I was worried about.
I have an oval, enlongated toilet that we use this seat on.
A twist of the dial in back simply adjusts it to fit.
There's no screwing and unscrewing it each time you use it... just do it once for fit.There's a different brand at church that has handles, so I thought he'd miss not having the them to hold onto.
He doesn't miss them at all.
It doesn't get in the way and is still functional.It does what it says and does it well.
My daughter is almost a year old.
So rather than watching her be uncomfortable as she sat in her diaper or stood on her hands and feet in awkward positions, I decided to take her to the potty.
It is less expensive.
Suitable for boy or girl.
Classy, not gaudy, if you can say that of a toilet seat.This potty works just as described and has been very easy to use.
I just bought another one to use in the other bathroom.
Would definitely recommend!I have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing GREAT with this!
I just came back to order another one for upstairs after carrying one back and forth for 1.5 weeks.
Very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works great.Bought two based on a lot of the good reviews, one for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms.
The splash guard can hurt your son.
Also the splash guard doesn't work to keep the pee from shooting out from under the seat.
If you have a girl it might be for you, if you have a boy don't get this seat.
Make sure you read the other reviews about boys and this potty seat.
Also the seat is bulky and very annoying to get it to fit each time.
!We have bought three of these toilet trainers (one for each bathroom).
And unfortunately, I spend a lot of time cleaning this potty seat and around it when my boy pees sitting down.
3 stars for hygeine and spraying my son with his own pee.
Average is four stars.Addendum: Since writing this review I've used a few other potty seats, which has improved my opinion of THIS one.
And I get some sprayback.
So, given a choice between these two design options, I think the babybjorn probably makes the right choice.
Bumping the star rating from 3 to 4 to reflect this.
But, when it comes to toilet seats for training...let's be honest...you can find a cheaper one that does the job.
This one is just maybe the Cadillac of trainers?
The one seat that did end up staying in our house seemed great at first, but I later discovered that there were gaps on the bottle of the seat that captured urine and required constant cleaning.
So I sucked it up and threw down the money for the more expensive Baby Bjorn.
WHY didn't I buy this sooner!?!
There are absolutely no hidden gaps or fabrics that can soak up or trap urine.
It is adjustable to fit into any type of toilet seat.
There is a small splash guard (more like a ridge) in the seat so no "fountaining" can occur.
Everything that I've complained about in the previous potty seats is addressed with the Baby Bjorn - it works fantastically!
Highly HIGHLY recommended.My kids wanted to sit on the toilet quickly, but of course, were too small.
Fast forward to about a week ago, she just turned 2 in August, and she uses this toilet trainer all the time.
I was skeptical of this seat initially, but bought it anyway based on the reviews, and boy am I glad I had this on hand and ready to go, because when the timing is right, it's right!Have two of these (one for upstairs, one for down) as well as the Baby Bjorn freestanding potty.
With a step stool, my 2 year old can put this on the toilet herself and get up onto it.
We've had it for over 2 years now, and I'm getting fed up with cleaning up the mess.
At first the splash guard wasn't tall enough, and everything ended up on the floor and on my son's clothes.
Now, that he knows to tuck it inside and keep his legs closed, the mess is on the regular toilet seat.
And I can't believe it has such great reviews.
Maybe I'll change my mind about it once my daughter is old enough to start using it.
He may try to get off but we just sit there too and bring toys or things for him to do while he sits there and then he doesn't try to climb off.Great seat!
This is our second one in 4 years and two kids!
He is able to put this down on the toilet and get on and off it himself.
I evem tried cutting it off, but it still doesnt help.
this was a poor design.They thought about the little things that would make this better than the competition.
Kept the price reasonable.
Very happy.I'm sure this is a good toilet seat.
My daughter refused (still refuses) to use this b/c the elevated curve of the seat for some reason scares her off.
Maybe this would work better for older children?I bought this seat based on all the great reviews and I was not disappointed.
My son just turned 2 and is small for his age and he fits perfectly on this seat.
What I also love about the seat is that it doesn't move once you get it on the toilet.
I don't have to worry about my son slipping and sliding around as he moves on the potty.
I bought 2!This is a great adapter for a normal adult seat.
It can easily be pulled off.
Overall, though great from potty training your little to use a big toilet versus the potty seats.This is not offensive to look at, it stays put on the toilet and the splashguard works beautifully.
It is very comfortable for her as well as easy for her to put on the potty herself which is important to her.Love the company but this trainer does not fit a round toilet and seat.
(We have a Toto with a Bemis seat.)
It seems like it would fit any seat.
We also have the other Bjorn toilet and she doesn't mind sitting on that one.
He liked that it tightened down so it didn't slide around like a cheaper model we had picked up.
The little lip in the front is very handy for boys learning to aim while seated if you know what I mean.
;) We're getting ready to use it for boy #2 and it still looks new.I did a lot of research before purchasing a seat to go on our toilet.
So I figured a seat to go on the regular toilet would be the way to go.
We like it so much that for our travels over the holidays we've ordered another seat to be sent to where we'll be spending the holidays so she'll have the exact same seat there.
If he's been on the potty for a while, poor thing has red marks on his butt.
(it goes away, just don't like seeing that)This toilet seat works great.
Nice design, fits easily on toilet.
When our son was 3 he was able to attach and remove it on his own with no issues.
I recommend this item (and the matching step stool too!
).We bought two.
The lip could be a little higher as sometimes he sprays over.
Just rinse with warm water and let air dry.
I purchased one for each bathroom and also a few for the grandparents house.
Stores away easily.
We were using (without any luck) the Prince Lionheart weePod.
The BB toilet trainer by comparison #1 has the dial adjustment to fit any toilet, long or round.
#2 The entire base that sits on your toilet seat is lined with rubber so there's a no slip grip.
No need to try & get suction cups to try & keep the seat stable.
This may be a downside for boys, but is a bonus for girls.
#4 You can hang it.
I put a command hook a few inches below the tp roll & that's where we hang it between uses.
My daughter is able to get it herself and place it on herself.
All key things in her independence.
#5 This is completely personal reasoning, but for some reason the fact that it is hard plastic rather than squishy soft material (in my head) makes it seem more sanitary.
The way it is shape gives the right alignment to be sitting on it.
The weePod, for whatever reason, would cause her to lean back in the seat.
My daughter loves this seat.
A+++ in everyway.
However, wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it.
This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a "snap on" deflector (for boys).
He learned to go on this by itself, I was amazed at how fast he learned.
It took a day of "accidents", but it was well worth it.
This toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go!
They even put it on the seat themselves.
Baby Bjorn products are always well-made and well suite for the their particular purpose and this one proves that.
What you would expect from Baby Bjorn.
It doesn't shift side to side and feels like an extension of the real toilet seat because of how secure it stays in place.
I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS--Easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-Snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; Much more so than the "cushioned" one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc.
to have to worry about.-Durable; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N/A ;)I would highly recommend this item.
It's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper ones!I was having a hard time finding a potty seat that fit our elongated bowl in the basement bathroom, until I came across this seat.
The dial in back made for a snug fit.
The seat doesn't move at all and #1 &  #2 go where they belong.
Haven't had any issues cleaning it up.This seat is very easy to install and fits securely.
My daughter was hesitant at first but there wasn't even a scare of her falling in once she sat on it!We have a standard size and shape toilet seat.
Its dimensions are perfect and he can sit without any danger of falling in or feeling off balance.
We also haven't had any accidents with pee splashing out of it, so the pointy splashguard at the end seems to work.
I am having to end up buying a much smaller seat.
Hopefully she will grow into this one.
She is 2 1/2 and a little on the small side.Seat works well, adjustable & fits our toilet well (standard seat).
Stays in place well, and my baby can sit on it himself (he is 5 months old).
We've been using it since he was 3 or 4 months, and it worked well then too.It's hard to get excited about a potty seat, but my toddler loves this one.
We keep the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer on a low hook next to the toilet for him to grab.
He can carry it by the little rubber handle and (with some help) put it on the seat.
It fits round toilet seats too with just a turn of the dial, which makes it great for travel.
I wish it came with a travel bag/carrier of some sort.
Of all the seats out there, this one seems to be one if the most well made and most functional.
My son sits comfortably on them.
No hassles as they are adjustable.
Baby Bjorn delivers great quality as always.
My son has to hoist himself off and on the potty as he is not yet tall enough to rest his feet on the foot stool while using it.
The pee guard is so large that I was seriously concerned about his "equipment" being damaged in the process of trying to stand up.
A 3-year old can put it in place, making the child independent.
Thus even after the child is &#34;trained,&#34; the seat is useful.Works Great!
Easily get a tight fit to the toilet seat and remove for adults in just seconds.
I would buy this product again and would recommend it to anyone.I bought it based on so many great reviews.
I wonder if I am the only one who was not able to attach it to the existing toilette seat.
It slides right out of the existing seat.
SO I basically keep in there not attached at all and have to sit my child and remove him from there, otherwise the seat falls out.Before we bought this we have used two of the princelionheart wee pod basic which crack every single time.
I decided to try this one out.
It does seem a bit more pricey than other toilet seats but it is worth it.
I put one in the guest bathroom and I can leave it there when I have people over.The CONS: By the time you get the seat cover up, the pants down, the seat on and plop you kid on the toilet he's already pee'd hisself.The slashguard - after watching my sons try to get up from it on there own I quickly realized they might end up eunuchs.
When they try to maneuver around it, the seat becomes dislodged from putting there weight on one side.
I was horrified to hear that some boys actually pulled their skin open and needed stitches.
I was even more appalled by some reviewers saying that the parents should have been more vigilant.
They can't learn if you are hovering every time.I bought the built in toilet seat instead.
There are two seats in one so both children and adults can use it.and prevents my daughter of falling into the toilet.
(potty trained now)sometimes, he sits on this for a long time....so i know it's very comfortable....LOLthe handle helps germophobic mommies.
Would recommend.having gone through several (cheaper) seats - and tons of clorox wipes cleaning up the dribbles off the toilet and floor - I read reviews and tried this one for my twins.
i bought one for each toilet that they use and it's worth the $, no question!This lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use.
It comes in other colors, but I only have white.
It is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath.
Worth the extra money.I keep this toilet seat in my son's bathroom along with the Bjorn step stool.
I also took a plastic over the door towel hook and hung it from under the tank of our toilet (on the side).
This works perfectly to hang the seat by its plastic handle when not in use.This potty seat fits very nicely on our elongated toilet seats.
It's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble, thanks to the handle.Don't bother with those other seats.
This is the one you need.This seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished I bought it from the get go.
Most importantly, my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself.
Dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat.
I just began hanging it from a hook, so maybe that had something to do with it.
We only managed to catch her doing her business using it once though.
It also slides all over the tile floor like someone mentioned.
(Wear gloves and wash your hands after too.
)Fits in a small space in my small bathroom without an issue.Although I am a die hard Baby Bjorn fan, I am not a true fan of the LITTLE potty.
As the previous reviewer mentioned, it's one piece so nowhere for the pee to go except inside.
If you can spend a bit more, the newer model with the inside that comes out ($24.95) is much better in my opinion.
HIgher for sure, and actually easier to dump since it has an insert.
I've also taken this on planes and trips in our carry-on, so that we would have access to a potty ...even if there was not a bathroom available.
The seat is a little on the smaller side compared to the standard little pottys you'll find at Toys R Us or wherever ...which makes it ideal for little ones (I am talking 1 year or younger).I have been practicing EC with me 2 month old, and she went on this the first time I tried!
Its easy to dump it into the toilet and rinse in the bathroom sink (the one we don't use, hah).
It's small because it's meant for early use.It is small enough & light-weight enough to take anywhere.
He can get on & off of it easily as well.
The only complaint I have is the comfort factor, but I don't see how that could be improved without loosing the ability to grab and go and clean easy.
I use it with my 9 month old twin girls when I catch them.
We take it to friends' houses when we're over there, and we even have her use it in the car when we're away from the house for long periods of time.
She thinks it's great (and funny) that she gets to "pee in car" and has used it right away every time.
I recommend it to anyone.
!Great size for a baby but the bottom can slip on a smooth floor.
Scared my baby a bit when it slipped unexpectedly.
!FrankWe have one of the larger Baby Bjorn potties for each of our girls, 3 years and 20 months.
However, the younger one has a bit of difficulty sitting down on the larger one because of the shield in the front.
Where we can rinse the receptacle for the larger one in the bathroom sink, this one is just large enough that we have to rinse it in the bathtub, and there's a bit more area that needs to be cleaned, with it all being one piece.
Yes, it IS small.
It would be too small for most kids beyond the age of 3 and any bigger/tall  toddlers.
Their feet will touch the ground and it's easy for them to sit on.
For myself I love the simple, one-piece design.
The back has a knotch cut out for easy carrying.
It was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!She is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but I think she is getting a bit big for it now.
No messy parts to clean.
This one has NO CRACKS OR CREVASSES!
The ones with the take out pot some how ALWAYS get urine under them.
YUCK!
I rinse it out well then wipe it out with a Clorox wipe.
After all the uses, it doesn't smell like urine or excrement at all.I'm on here ordering another one for my little girl so I can have two--one upstairs and one downstairs.
(Petite = 20 lbs, 28 1/2 inches tall, wearing 12 mos clothes).
We have now successfully integrated it into our diaper-changing routine, and she fits nicely.
It does fit well in our little bathrooms, too.
She can sit on it on her own.
It is VERY small.
Imagine a gallon of milk cut in half.
My daughter is small for her age and it fits her perfectly.
We just add a small amount of water and dump it in the toilet.
Then a quick rinse and dump that in the toilet.
This is much better than seats on the real toilet that she feels uncomfortable on.
The lip is especially great for little boys.
I can definitely recommend it.I got two of these after starting EC with my 9 month old.
My son can't get on it by himself, but can get off...his feet touch the floor when he is seated and he is low enough to reach for toys.
The one piece design is great for cleaning.
Great quality product for price!This little thing could not have been more perfect for what I wanted and my daughter needed.
I bought it when she was about 8 months old and just had her sit on it before bathtime while I got the water running to get used to having it in her environment.
She went #1 and #2 on her first sit.
Since then, she is now 13 months old and nearly every time we sit her on it, she goes #1.
I read another reviewer that just put some no-slip type of gripper on the bottom so I gave it a shot.
We all love it!
While she is still too small to actually sit on it by herself (she'd fall right in), we hold her over it when we think she needs to empty the tank and have had much success with it.
Before you jump down my throat over why I shouldn't be using this for such a tiny baby, I'll defend myself by saying sometimes she will fuss uncontrollably and it will calm her immediately to have her diaper removed and have the opportunity to relieve herself without the confines of a diaper.
Because of this lack of design feature, you are faced with two options when emptying the potty out: flip it upside-down really fast to avoid getting waste spread around the edges (never tried it...sounds too risky) or pour it out over the side and be faced with the waste spreading all over the side you dumped it from.
I'm sure nobody is a fan of dripping baby pee and poop or having to wipe up more than necessary.
The Ikea potty is bigger and the opening is wider, so we have to be more careful about her backside falling in and it appears to be a bit more uncomfortable for smaller babies.
The price was definitely a plus as well.
We started poty traning our son at 5 months and he loves to be on the poty.
The splashguard protects well.
Even with extensive scrubbing, I can't get all the black off.
Obviously, this doesn't affect useability, but I feel robbed paying full-price for something that looks like it's been thrown under a bus.
Big disappointment!
Especially since the yellow color was sooooo cute!
Our son has been using it to go to the bathroom (so far just pee pees :) ) for several months and loves it.
The bowl lifts out and rinses easily.
Other potties seem to have 5 or more pieces, just asking for places to trap dirt.
It is a nightly ritual before his bath.3)  inexpensiveDownside?
We haven't found a downside yet.We got this one and the Summer Infant and they're so similar you might as well get the cheaper one.
This one is definitely taller but our son hasn't had better or worse luck with either one.Simple!
Love it.
Love the high back and the front lift.
Very good priceThis is a great potty seat and very easy to manage, however the potty disassembles quite easily from the base and does not have a cover.
It's easy for the babes to sit on comfortably.
My son thought it was a toy and constantly "flushed" to hear the music instead of sitting on it.
He started using it the very next day and it's been a success so far.
Helps keep the pee in, and won't kill his "bits" if he gets caught on it while sitting.
There's no way that she could sit on this for any length of time because she's having to hold her weight so she doesn't fall in.
In addition, the splash guard makes sitting on this super awkward.
Another mother wrote about how her daughter needed stitches after cutting her genitals on the splash guard.
I can totally see how this can happen.
It's not safe for your child to independently seat themselves without some help.My boy is a big boy and it fits him perfect!
His feet hit the floor perfectly too and great height for him.
Somehow won't tip.. nicely engineered!I really wanted my boy to train with just the toilet insert, but it was not working.
My son even started pouring his own waste into the regular toilet.
He only used this for about three to four weeks.
When it came my daughter was excited to try it.
Unfotunately she pinched her finger on the pull out center.
She now refuses to sit on it.
It's going back.I first got this for my 6month old son, after reading the "Diaper free before 3" book.
In the same aspect, I got this chair just to make sure my son sits on the potty chair when parents use the bathroom and it worked very well.
From then on we are repeating it every day and he seems to understand he has to pee to get out of that chair and hence does it.
He likes to sit on this one, as it has the backrest, and armrest for both of his arms and his foot has not yet touched the floor but, its good enough for him.
In a way, its good that his foot has not touched the floor yet, as he doesnt try to stand up :-).
Even if he tries to reach for something on the either side, the chair doesnt trip and it holds well.Every single time, I put him on this, any time of day, he pees assuming thats what I want him to do.
I got the Fisher-Price Precious Planet Froggy Friend Potty but he doesnt like it since it has no back or arm rest!
We didn't use bells and whistles.
We didn't use stickers.
This was all she needed.
At first she seemed like she was avoiding it.
It is stable.
She likes to lean back and throw her arm over the back.
No leaks.
but, im glad i got the potty chair.
[more natural-leaf-looking than neon.
shes peed in it a couple times, now.
very, very easy to use.
my daughter can sit on it herself [shes 13m] and stand up unassisted, as well.
With constant use (and abuse) they still look brand new!
We started using this when our LO was 5.5months old.
It is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out.
But every time we put her on it, after only a few minutes she starts complaining that her feet hurt.
Then she doesn't want to get off because her legs are numb and she gets scared.
Also, every time she gets up the insert sticks to her behind and will dump if there is anything in it.
It also leaves her with a red ring around her butt.
We have one in each bathroom, and when my son was learning, we kept one in his bedroom as well.
This one is a breeze.Also, the bowl is oval shaped and plenty long enough to accommodate larger toddlers without having positioning issues.
I've seen some that have a tiny circular opening, which is really awkward, especially for boys, to make sure nothing misses...GREAT FOR EC - If you do elimination communication or infant pottying, these are great.
My toddler prefers this style to all the other ones he's tried.
What you need.Excellent product.
We got one for each of the grandparents house because he loved it so much and wanted to use it there.Bought for our 30 month old grandson.
.He likes it.
She has difficulty sitting down with her legs apart and often pulls the bucket out and turns it around to sit more comfortably.
I wish that baby bjorn made an insert for girls, but they don't.
It's the right size, the right distance off the ground for a two-year-old, and the back is high enough to be supportive.This is a basic potty with the pot that can be removed for easy cleaning so it's easy to wash and clean but my poor kid stands up from sitting on this for mere minutes and has deep red marks on her legs and bottom, it's uncomfortable!
I can't speak for how it works for a boy, but it seemed to be really comfortable for our daughter.
And, she complained that the potty hurt her butt.
Instead, I would recommend the Summer Infant Step-by-Step Trainer.
Has great support.
The biggest issue to me was cleaning.
This chair has no seems or corners to trap things.
Be aware that with a boy the splash guard might not catch all the pee, but you can help him learn how to sit correctly and then it doesn't happen!This potty is just great.
My baby has been using this since she was 9.5 months old.
I love the fact that it has a chair-back so she doesn't need me to physically support her when she's on it.
Also, the basin is big enough that it holds everything without spills and mess.
She doesn't mind sitting on it for 10 monutes in the mornings to do her thing...and she does pretty much without fail.
We haven't had to change a poop diaper for weeks now.
I love that it is ergonomic and that there is a "high back."
i like that the bowl is big enough that there is no spraying on the floor and i can actually see when he goes as opposed to him standing up for me to look.
its easy for him to get on and off of by himself which is another big plus.
I first potty we bought him was terrible, so I decided to try the Babybjorn.
it's very simple in design.
It has a wonderful pee guard for my boy and he never gets the pee on the floor.
He actually sits back a bit and watchs himself pee.
I just lift out the bowl, dump and rinse.
My son loves it, too.
yah!)
They like to sit on it and started the day it arrived.
Also, it arrived in one day.
But they fought over the right to sit on it and I was made to buy a second one.
LOVE IT!
I wish I would've had it for my first son and just got a separate step stool.
I have boy/girl twins that are 2 1/2 years old.
They both can use it very easily, they don't have to take their bottoms off all the way.
That was something I couldn't tell with the pictures 'cause of the way it's shaped.
They like to dump it themselves in the big toilet and it's easy for them to do that .
There are no spills with the pee guard.
Funny thing was when I first got it, my four year old son wanted to try it out.
He's about 50 lbs and 47&#34; tall and even he fit on it!
It's so light and portable.
Just the right size.
Our son started sitting on it for pracice at 11 mo.
His feet can be on the ground and hye likes to sit on it.
The pail comes out easily to  dump and the bottom has rubber, so it doesn't slip on the floor.
This is her favorite and she says it is comfy.
My son who is 40lbs and only 2 years old can't fit onto any other seat.
I love it!!
!This has a very nice design and is not annoying looking like most potties.
Rinse it and you're ready to go.
You can sanitize it with some clorox spray and just put it back down until the next time.
It's portable so you can have it anywhere.
You never know if you'll make it to the next toilet, you know?I had a Safety 1st potty that I just hated before I bought this Baby Bjorn potty.
It leaked, its round opening was WAY too small, and I had a ton of problems with my son leaking all over the front and on to the floor.
Plus it came apart in many pieces and had lots of spots bacteria could hide.
This alone would have sold me on this potty.The splash guard is great for boys.
After several months, however, the top water tank started dripping often, and the bottom reservoir was so hard to pull out that when it finally let loose, liquid sloshed out!Frustrated, I set out to scour Amazon for one final shot at a potty that would work for my son and would be easy to clean.
This potty was a pretty good height for him, so it was comfortable and not too high, and it still fits him at 18 months.
It survived 4 children.
Unfortunately, it was accidentally cleaned with a substance that ruined the coating.We decided to go with a bjorn again and we are please with this one.
The white part removes easily so that it can be given a quick rinse.A child can lean back and not fall off the potty.
The seat is big enough so a child can sit easily without hurting themselves.Overall, I am please with the purchase.We were using a Bjorn Little Potty (which they don't make anymore) for a long time.
I figured the Bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line Potty Chair!And its working great, the bowl rinses easily.
Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub.
I keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed.
the removable piece just comes out and is a breeze to clean.The high back and sides make it safer for wiggly toddlersI loved everything about this and am glad I shelled out the extra money... not only that but when it was time to sell it I got a decent amount of money for it because its a name brand and they are so expensiveWe are currently training our 2nd child.
The ones with the removable splash gaurd are not gentle and can scrape a child's sensitive parts.
He chose blue, and we took it home.
Within a week, he was trained, and began using the "big boy seat", so we saved the seat for our daughter.
It was incredable!
Now our 23 month old daughter is training.
We bought her this white babybjorn seat for our downstairs bathroom, with the blue upstairs.
Here's why:  1. the seat has a higher back and sides, which gives the child support while sitting down, standing up, or simply sitting there.
2.
It is NOT easy to tip!
several of the others we tried tipped without much effort when our child was putting pressure on the sides trying to sit down or stand.
3.
It's also super easy to take the little bucket out, and soak in clorox or hose down.
4.
Kids can choose what color they want!
5.
He is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.
I know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess.
Other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it.I got this for my 11 month old because she was starting to tell us when she was wet and needed a change by pointing to her changing table or upstairs.
Sometimes she would even tell us ahead of time.
We are not planning to put any pressure to train at this age but we thought it would be good to have it on hand and get her familiar with it.To our surprise she figured out what it was for without a lot of fanfare and will go and stand on it or near it when she wants to use it.
Too many choices available on the market, but trusted all the other reviews on Amazon.
The high back rest helps alot, because she tends to sit far back to get comfortable.
Just the right size / hight for little ones to do their business on their own.
Would recommend it over the ones that go over the regular size toilet seats.. because those are too high.. and the kids would need a steps..My 2.5 year old just wants to play with this and not use it as a potty.
She discovered that the seat insert makes a great cowboy hat and is also fun to stand in and push around the house and put her toys inside and underneath it.
I tried every rookie mom mistake to get her to take it seriously and nothing seems to be working.
Just wish I knew before I bought it!
I'd suggest starting with the real toilet and a seat to fit on top before buying this.
Whoa!
It was relatively inexpensive.2.
No bells and whistles to distract.3.
I originally bought the Safety 1st Potty Chair/stool.
Don't like it at all.
Tough to clean (lots of spaces for urine to get) and I don't think it's very comfortable as my son refused to sit on it.
Within 20 seconds of sitting on the Baby Bjorn he peed.
Refused for weeks to do that with the Safety 1st.
Great product.
The contents are easily to empty out and wash.
There are rubber grips underneath the seat to prevent it from sliding around.
No complaints!works great, son loves it.
great quality.
I thought I would give the floor-potty a chance, and got this one.
She immediately said "I want to go pee pee!"
There were potties that converted into stepping stools and one that had a handle that played flushing sounds when depressed.
The bowl is big enough to catch all of his deposits.
My only gripe is that my little boy sometimes sprays over the splash guard and wets his clothes.
My little one has no problem sitting up in this chair by herself (of course I'm holding onto her for security).
She has already made many, many poops and pees in the Baby Bjorn Potty Chair!
Just dump out contents, rinse, and wipe with a disposable disinfecting wipe.
I bought this because of the sleek look, high back.
It will work fine.
The design is simple.
My 2 year old son has had no problems with it.
Very portable (we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips).
I like having both so my son can choose whichever he wants (he likes both equally).
Made in the USA too!
It's just plastic.
I had hoped there'd be a way to put a plastic liner in the hole part so we could just take the liner off instead of having to clean the plastic bowl, but unless we want her to sit on the liner, that's not an option.
Lots of great colors to choose from.
I do understand some of the concerns with pee coming out because it happened to us yesterday.
I didn't make a big deal about it and it didn't seem to bother her.
But she seems very comfortable on it.Our first potty for our daughter had one of those squishy foam-type seats.
It had a huge reservoir, was a pain to dump and clean, and that foam part was always getting dirty and could never be completely cleaned.A friend had a Baby Bjorn, and seemed happy with it, so we gave it a try.
My daughter chose her own color - I love that there are so many options - and we ended up with a green one.
The reservoir is compact and can be rinsed in a small bathroom sink, but holds plenty.
She's 3.5, and big for her age.
The pee-pee guard is integrated to the seat, so it won't fall off, and is high enough to "keep it all in" if you know what I mean!
=) I had to order 3 since it's seriously the only one he'll even sit on anymore!
Our 21 month old will go sit on it without guidance, but he wants to pul out the bowl and take it with him.
Picked this one up after starting out with a Fisher Price potty that didn't have a splash guard (stupid me!
), which was frustrating for everyone involved (trying to tell/help a 2-year old to "point it down"... yeah, right) - as soon as our son tried this one out for the first time, his motivation level skyrocketed and he quickly became excited about peeing in the potty, instead of dreading it.
She is my 6th child and I have owned a league of potties over the years.
The problem with so many potties that I find is that there are too many bells and whistles that make potty time more of playtime than getting down to business.
You simply pick up the insert, dump it into the toilet and rinse out the insert.
We've only had this chair a few days and our little boy is starting to get curious about what it is.
So far he's sat on it about ten times and gone in it 3!
We couldn't be happier.
the front is skinny enough for him to sit with his feet positioned nicely.
what i dont like is my little one keeps saying his bum hurts and doesnt like to sit on it.
when he sits for more than a few seconds and gets up, he has a red mark where the plastic touches his bum.
It's white and matches our bathroom nicely...it blends in.
Recommended also by "Toddler Bargains".
Have not been disappointed!We also own a Prince Lionheart pottyPOD and a potty seat for the big toilet when we're out and about.
However, I prefer it as there is much less mess--he's never had anything not be totally contained by the potty.
Also, he usually needs help getting on it.
He's just shy of 3' tall and weighs about 28lbs.
He doesn't think he can just sit down on this one because of the splash guard (which is what prevents the mess) and waits to be helped.
Kids don't need all the flashy crap on the more expensive potties.
The big toilet doesn't cheer or play princess music when you pee.
Why set them up for disappointment?
;PMy son has no butt so he kind of doesn't fit on it and gets scared but maybe eventually his butt will get bigger or he'll get over it.
Who knows haha.My son is 50th percentile for weight and height, so pretty average sized for a 2 year old.
easy to clean and super comfortable for her.
She wants one like mommies!
Once I finally took her pants off she went right away.
It is very basic and sturdy.
Horrible design flaw.
However, we put the white bin beneath the blue chair, and it is a flat surface.We have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs.
Sometimes sitting is a bit iffy at his age.- It's nonslip on the bottom, so it doesn't push around when he goes to sit.Cons:- A &#34;pour spout&#34; or something would be great along the back side.I purchased this seat when my firstborn was a toddler.
There is a hole in the base; the cup is set into this hole, overlapping the edges.
The edges all slope towards the cup so any liquid drains into the cup.The deflector is not removable; it is all one piece with the cup.
I LOVE this design.
If my toddler ever tried to empty it himself, he ended up making a big mess.
There are no gaps or tight corners for pee to get into.
I think if it was taller, it might be annoying for a girl so I can understand why it is the height that it is.An added bonus is that this potty chair is not an eyesore.
Right before her little brother was born.
She sat on it while we were in the bathroom and read her books.
Eventually she got the idea and started using it herself.
Lucky for us there wasn't any huge mess.
My son grew out of it LONG before he was potty-trained.
Too short in my opinion.So far we like this chair.
Very lightweightas well.
It is well-made and sturdy; it didn't tip when my son got on or off.
As soon as my son saw it he knew just what it was.
THis is close enough to that style that he started quoting part of the video upon first site.
He can get up and down from it without maiming his privates.
No messy parts to clean.
Rubber feet grab the floor to prevent slipping when the kid sits down.
My toddler loves to go & sit on it & at 18 months has already did 1 & 2 in it!
Its simple design is absolutely ideal for use and cleaning.
The splash guard molded as part of the bowl is excellent, providing protection as well as not being an impediment to the child sitting down.
The smooth plastic without any real corners or edges makes cleaning effortless.
Son loves sitting on it and hasn't had any issues at all.
Bought this seat so she could familiarize herself with it beforehand.
She began using it the first day we brought it home.
Perfect size.
He had one at home and at both grandparents houses.
The pee guard did its job and the size was great for my "chunky" little one.My 2.5 year old is a big kid, 40 lbs, 38" tall.
We've had urine on the floor several times just because of this.
I ask him to hold the white cup down when he stands up, he just gets over excited when he goes and stands up right away to look inside.
It's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot.
The built in splash guard is great!
It's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough.
Variety of colors.
We have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him.
Our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no "falling in".
Our daughter is long and very thin.
She has no problems what so ever on this!
Her tiny behind doesn't fall in or slip or anything.
Other moms who see this ask where they can get one!
I love the back on this as well as the splash protector in the front.
Even girls can spray and make a mess!
LOL My little girl picked out the green color herself and it's very pretty.
The bottom has a good grip so it's not sliding all over the floor.
We've had it since my son was 6 months old, and he's been sitting on it on and off since then.
We have one BabyBjorn and 2 Summer Infants, and they're all great.
We've had 4 other potties and this is my favorite.
He is 28 months and can easily pee, empty it, and rinse it by himself.
Just teach the child to sit properly in a chair & make sure it's not hanging out of the potty (taught my son to tuck it in at 18 months so there really is no excuse).
BTW, baby bjorn makes 2 potties (and a ring too) this is the larger one.
has worked well so far.Got this for my daughter (shes 2).
I like it real well.
She can sit on it and on feel like she's going to fall in.
I would recommend this to others.
I also got the step stool.
My daughter is so uncomfortable with this potty trainer!
She'll sit on it, but it's so small.
The splash guard is what really seems to make it uncomfortable for her.
She's accidental sat on it before and it hurt her.
My son was using it by 15 months.
My daughter &#34;practices&#34; on hers.
Great for smaller tots.
Some other seats were much too big or wide for them.
The splash guard is way too short, my son just pees right over the top of it.
Ugh.
It is light enough that he can move it himself, but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits.
We had another chair but only the Bjorn seemed to be high enough to prevent a mess for our boys.
I just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and I'm done!Bought it for my 9 month old baby girl, she can sit resting her feet on the ground and her back and arms are well comfortable too.
There was one incident where my older son pinched his fingers between the &#34;cup&#34; and the base, but he has since learned and we haven't had any more issues.
My daughter likes it and is having no trouble so far using it.
She can easily and safely get on and off it by herself or with help.
why?
'cause all the others either didn't sit sturdily on the floor (and this is w/o a child sitting on it)or were difficult to clean.
This potty is simple and sturdy, gets the job done, comfy (my picky daughter never complained, she likes the teddy bear logo on it), and so easy to clean.
Never had a spill too.
It's well made, and doesn't slide on the floor.
My toddler is tall for her age, and has long legs.
Its smaller and more easily stored away.
The pee still splashes out occasionally, but far less than all the other brands.
My son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month.
Don't get me wrong, I love technology and my daughter has tons of electronic gadgets, but potty chairs should not double as toys.
When I got it home my 16-month-old daughter immediately knew what it was and wanted to sit on it.
I was pretty disappointed over all.
I thought it was a little narrow for her.
Sometimes when she stood up, the white part actually came up with her.
I personally did not think this was a great potty chair.
I think this might be because I have a girl and not a boy, since there seems to be issue with other potty's splash guards.
I later bought her that Fisher Price one with the face and that sings.
She loves the songs, though it's lower and it is actually wider, so even though she is tall, no problems.
So he can get down to business .
And because she likes sitting on it so much, she has started sitting on it immediately after I remove her dirty diapers during her diaper change, before I put her new diapers on.
I love how long and deep the opening is, and how there is no chance for leakage.
My daughter can lean on it without it tipping over, and she loves to comfortably lean against the backrest while sitting on it.
Even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.I like the back and the arm rests on the sides.
Makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the potty.This is a great little potty chair.
I like its two piece design, and how easy it is to empty.
I like the high back, and so does my son as he likes to "lounge" as he uses it.
He has already used it for #1 and #2.
Mess cleans out of it easily too.Bought this for my grandson when he comes over.
It's lightweight and easy to move.
He seems to like it.
The plastic shroud in the front is great.
My only concern is that it could be bigger.
Our little one took to it immediately (not to mention the 10 potty books she had to read helped quite a bit too).Eventually, she would say "poop" and we'd rush her to her potty chair.
I read many reviews on this one and I took any reported problems that parents had (of both boys and girls) into consideration.
I was nervous about her accidentally sitting on the splash guard or watching for her bottom having a red ring after sitting a while or the seat sticking to her bottom whenever she tried standing up and spilling pee everywhere.
Honestly, I haven't had any of those issues.
My daughter is petite and I'm surprised that she's still kind of tall for this.
My son seems to like it just fine but I wish it had a taller splash guard.
My son is 20months old, 3+ ft tall and weighs a little over 30lbs.
We use cloth diapers and have changed very few diapers with poop.
Our baby has learned to tell us when she needs to go by pointing to her diaper or by removing her diaper.
He loves it and stays put there.
Easy to clean.Perfect size for toddler2 parts so no complicated set up (The bowl & seat)No small nooks or crannies that can build up moldDurable plasticPortableEasy clean upConCan potentially slide easily along floorCan also potentially be flipped over by toddler if not carefulGreat size, washes well, like the red color.
It is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.
My only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.
That is the only thing to watch out for.
(he is almost 3 yr old) He does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes.
It's not great to start potty training with a painful experience.
He is now afraid of it.I don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now.
It cleans easily and my son finds it comfortable.Great when my son was sitting down... now that he stands... junk.
Think pee puddle under the chair... and now imagine the smell.
Totally gross, and getting rid of ASAP.Skip.Our almost 3 yr old boy prefers the toilet with the babybjorn seat this fits onto toilet seat.
I have had this chair for about two weeks.
I bought it for my sixteen-month-old daughter.
I also purchased Leslie Patricelli's "Potty" book in the same Amazon order.
When the box arrived, I took it into my daughter's room (I had already cut through the tape) and we opened it together.
She was so excited.
We took this right into the bathroom, so she could see.
She hasn't said any of those words yet.
However, she is starting to comprehend the words.
She loves sitting on this chair and reading her "Potty" book.
I was so impressed!About the chair:It's so perfectly simple!
It is just the base and the bowl that the poop and pee go into.
So far nothing has splashed onto the floor.
The design of the bowl keeps things from sliding down the sides when you empty it into the toilet.
As the description notes, the design is ergonomical and stable.
The chair is high, wide, and well-curved.
However, my daughter doesn't seem to mind.
there's options out there that aren't as clunky if your taking it to go.My two year old loves this chair.
We are just practicing sitting on it right now.
It fits her well and it's easy for her to get on and off it.
It doesn't slide around on the floor and she seems to be comfortable while using it.This is easy to sit the baby on and easy to clean.
She doesn't get distracted or use it as a toy.
So when i got it, I was nit even sure I can seat him on the potty and keep him seated long enough.
He even tries to play with it getting the white insert out and putting it back in like a puzzle though we try not to let him play with the potty much.
We had to pick him up to standing until he was about 10.5 months old and became more confident standing and walking though.
It's stable but at the same time very light.
Smooth and rounded at all edges.
She is 10 mo old and has enjoyed sitting on it.
The chair is sturdy and doesn't tip over.
It is larger than some of the other chairs, which were a little too small as my daughter grew.
If I had to do it over again, I'd buy this chair first._________________UPDATE:  This chair eventually went to my niece and nephew.
So far she's pee'ed (spelling?)
We're doing elimination communication (&#34;EC&#34;) with our daughter so we started &#34;pottying&#34; her almost as soon as she was born.
Luckily, at around 4 months, we found this potty and have never looked back.The high back is perfect for infants who aren't able to sit up yet fully unsupported.
We still needed to closely supervise, as she would sometimes lean forward and, once, she took a dive and ended up bruising her forehead on the bathroom floor.
I blame myself fully, as I had looked away momentarily.
Now that our daughter is older (11 months), her feet touch the ground, so she's much more secure in the seat.
We just flush the &#34;contents&#34; and rinse the insert out with water in the sink.
Pee still goes everywhere.
Haven't personally tried it myself!
This one worked great - in fact we got three - one for each of the grandparents' homes as well as the toddler's home.
In fact, I only told him once what to do, and he was using it since then.
My son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs.
Cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner.
When we first started potty training, it was a little too big for her- so if you have a small child, it might be hard for him/her to easily get on and off of it alone.
By the time she was 2.5, she had no issues getting on and off.
When we first got this it was hit and miss if she would like it.
There is no foam seat for the pee to seep into.
The lip in front looked too high at first.
I just might keep this seat forever....I will have visiting grandchildren someday.
Potty training just wasn't working.
Best decision ever.
He feels like a big boy copying what his brother does.
Very glad we made the decision to go with this basic floor potty.This IS a great potty.
I would've gotten their one piece smaller potty, however, my son is 2 1/2 and a big boy, so I wasn't sure if he would fit on the seat.Our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training.
She has low muscle tone, so we needed a potty chair that would be supportive and comfortable enough for her, and this one does the trick.
I wish I had bought one that was also a stepstool.
The raised lip on the front is a MUST for boys.
We have the other brand/styles that have wipe holders, etc but don't use it.
It took awhile, but now he's using this exclusively.He likes it because it is just his size, doesn't require help from us, and can be put right in front of the tv (we'll have to change this last one soon!).
I ordered it to get my child used to sitting on the potty (not starting training yet).
I have a small (18 pound) 1 year old and this seat was just a little bit too tall.
It appears that the bowls are interchangeable.
My son is a 2 year old and he's rather tall for his age but height has nothing to do with the front piece.
The high pee-guard means no need to supervise when my son is using it.
We don't ever have any splashing incidents.
My 18 month old son loves it.
He pooped and peed on the second day of training and just loves the idea on sitting bottomless on this potty.
He has had zero issues with it and I have no complaints.
This has made training so much fun for him.
I love that it's simple without all the bells and whistles (distractions!)
The gaurd on this is higher than most which is also great for boys to prevent spraying everywhere.
Right height, comfortable back to relax and let things happen etc, but let's get real - we care about the clean up, right?
I had one of those potties that had a little tray to catch the poop, but got rid of it because poop can exceed the height of that little tray, even for very little guys, if it's stacked just right.
If that happens, how are you supposed to pull the tray out without smearing it all over the potty?
I have two boys, and this was just high enough to teach them to point it down a bit, which was useful when they later used public toilets.
We didn't pressure her to use it, but would casually ask.
She would run in and sit on it, read on it, and sing songs.
I broke down and bought this.
Even the white doesn't discolor over time.
The slight rubber bottom keeps it sticking to tile, so that's convenient.
I would definitely recommend this to any and all looking for a small, simple quality training toilet.
For boys, the pee guard lip works pretty well.This is a child sized toilet.
We have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.
Our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.
My son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.
We are big fans of this.We love that this seat makes it comfortable for our little boy compared with the wider conversion style potty chairs (the ones that turn into step stools) because the back is higher and it has arm rests.
Another great perk is that it takes up significantly less space.
My daughter is terrified of this seat.
She definitely knows what it is.
She comes into the bathroom to me and points at it and says, "Potty."
every time we go in the bathroom.
However, she stays clear of it.
I think the hollow seat and restrictive sides may be traumatizing to her.
This was for my first child, now 3 and we bought this over a year ago.
It cleans and disinfects very easily and still looks brand new.
He's very comfortable in it and its a very very good fit.
It was a year ago, and it still is.
For the novice parent of boys, it doesn't matter how high they make the splash guard, boys need to point it down.
That took some learning on my part.
The color is cute.
I am not usually into frills and over the top plastic toys but I love the fisher price potty we got him instead.
I didn't put batteries in it - too much for me.
I love it.
My son actually uses it.
It has a REMOVABLE splash gaurd.
Our boy pees standing up anyhow - just like Papa!
This is my granddaughters favorite.
This chair is great.Pros:1- Sturdy.
)Con:1- Once he has stuck to the pot and when he stood up quickly, it stuck to him and dumped.
A minor problem in the grand scheme of things and it has not happened since.We bought one for grandma's house and would recommend highlyNice looking potty, white insert is removable for easy cleaning.
And is BPA free!!
!Why I love this toilet....it does not have all the bells and whistles of some of the toilets out there...but really, why do you need them?
Ive learned my lesson with the cheaper potties made of thin plastic.
I returned every one of them and purchased all Bjorn products.
I love how sturdy their designs are.because while i liked how it looked my son didnt want to use it.
but the bjorn borg is very expensive for what you get.
This one has been great - it isn't so big that her butt falls through the hole, but it definitely has room to grow.
She seems to like sitting on it and using it and it is very easy to clean.Like this chair.
It's small, convenient and gets the job done.
However, my daughter used it as a piano bench for her toy piano and nothing else.
It is sturdy and bright.
I bought this for my son when he was 8mths old and we have been using it for BM's.
It works great.
With him being so small you do need to sit directly in front him and entertain with a song or a toy as he does his business but it is worth it.
I don't always catch the BM's but have to clean a lot fewer ones by using the toilet.This seat is comfortable and I like the back part because he can sit back without falling over.
She actually thinks using it is fun.
My wife and I have bought a few other potties that just didn't work that well.
The only downfall ivories would be she can grab the basin and easily pull it out but she is pretty good about letting me do it.
Your little one will sit and be situated as i the same body position as an adult on a real toilet.
The raised front of the white part serves as both a pommel/hand rest and a splash guard.
The white bowl is deep enough to prevent most splashes.
The back and arms are high enough to make your little one feel secure and allow him/her to rest against them.
I saw that some people commented that it was small, which is what i was actually looking for, and it works great for us.
The back is great, he can sit on quite comfortably, so long as I entertain him!He has used successfully, and it's really easy to empty.
The baby wipes container is perfect.I purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.
Since I'd already washed them I figured I could at least use them for dish towels, but they merely move the water around on whatever surface you're trying to dry, they don't absorb.Save your money and skip these...and buy a higher quality cloth diaper.I find these cloth diapers very useful.
I use them as burp cloths and to have handy in case of spills or other baby related messes.
I first bought 1 package and then went back for more.
My mother recommended that I get some flatfold cloth diapers just for cleaning up messes, using for burp pads, etc.
These are the consistency of cheesecloth - I mean like, see-through!
I'm returning immediately.Whether you are using these diapers for diapering or for burp cloths, I suggest you look at the version with the padded absorbent center.
This version is too thin to serve as either a burp cloth or for diapering.
However, the same brand, with the absorbent center pad, is much better.These for cloth diapering?
Um, no way.
Way too thin for that.
These for burp cloths?
Absolutely!
lolA friend recommended I register for these although she knew I was planning to use disposable diapers.
I accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold, and fortunately,  received these.
They are large -  27"x 27" square and are essential for baby care.
I still use them every day and my son is almost a year old.
I used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day.
They work great as burp cloths, and are superb for wiping up other food messes.
Additionally, I found they work as a light blanket during the summer months.
Extremely durable, fold-up rather small for travel, and launder well.
They are cheese cloth.
In fact they may have more holes than cheese cloth does.
There is no way that these diapers will hold anything that they are going to need to hold.
Don't waste your money.Love these!
Absorbent, soft, inexpensive, held up well after many MANY washes, no stains, ect.
When she was a newborn, she'd holler whenever we tried to put one on her.
As she got older, she'd arch her back, scream, and try to get away as we were putting the diaper on her.
So when she was a newborn, I used these flat folds wrapped oragami style (no plastic cover, although you could use one) to give her a break from her disposable diaper.
We've actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time.
Now I use these as a cloth insert for the gdiaper (fold in fourths, then half) and Thirsties (fold in thirds, then half).
You could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers.these are great.
Now with my daugher I am using another pack of these - would recommendI disagree with whoever said that these are too thin for burp cloths.
They do look gauzy, but fold them over once, and they're thick enough to absorb most of my baby's spit-ups entirely, and (apologies if this gets graphic) even a single layer is effective at catching all the chunky bits in spit-up which can cause your clothes to smell.
I like the simple, large form of these diapers.I use these predominantly as burp clothes.
They are so absorbent, so effective, so economical, and so handy.
In a pinch, they make great handkerchiefs for my runny nose when I'm out for a walk with the stroller.
I also fold them and put them in my baby's (all-in-one-cloth) diaper if I want to give it a bit more absorbing power.
Tuck one in the car-seat, another in your pocket, and lay one under your baby's head when she goes down for a nap.
You can see right through them.
Not at all what I was expecting.These are just too thin to be used as diapers.
I don't use them.
They are just sitting in a drawer.
I think I will try to use them as burp cloths as they are useless to me right now.I'm a first time mother, and no one told me about using cloth diapers for just about everything (apparently all mothers know this).
My friend bought me a pack for my shower, and I now use them for burp cloths, lap pads, covering my son when changing him (another mother's secret--to prevent being urinated on), etc.
Apparently they make great dust rags when baby grows up!
!Love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look.
We don't actually use these for diapers.
I now use these exclusively.
One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I don't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to "catch" my little boys' geyser, as my husband refers to it, during diaper changes.
I think these would also be great for household cleaning as well (I'd use separate ones for those).
These also make a great light-weight, breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in Texas, so this is a huge plus!I just want to start of saying that I had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby.
I had used Gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.
.
.
I mean see through thin.
I couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch.
I just think that these are pointless and a waste of money.
As far as burp cloths, the Gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those.I do not use these as diapers, but I couldn't live w/o them.
My daughter has really bad acid reflux, and not many burp cloths can stand up to a good spit up.
I go through about 5 a day.
But I don't.These are absolutely the cheapest way to cloth diaper a baby if you want to buy new diapers.
They're an ultra-basic birdseye cotton.
MANY modern cotton flats are birdseye.
They do indeed appear thin.
BUT after a few washes, they are super-soft.
They're a very close second to the flannel receiving blankets I also use as diapers.For comparison, I bought some OsoCozy flats, also sold here on Amazon, back in January.
Those flats are visibly thicker.
After I prepped the OsoCozy diapers, I did a head-to-head comparison.
I put my daughter in an origami-folded Gerber flat, pinned, and kept her coverless until she peed.
Then I did the same with the OsoCozy flats--same fold, same pinning, etc and kept her coverless until she peed.
End result?
One reason only: size.
Flat diapers are supposed to last your baby from the newborn stage through toilet training.
They are very rectangular after prepping, and pretty small.Their small size makes them PERFECT newborn diapers, though.
Even if most of your stash is all-in-one diapers, you would do well to buy a couple dozen of these for the first couple of months, especially if you tend to have smallish babies (one-size diapers don't usually fit below 8lbs).
They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached.
In short, I love them.
I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day.
She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house.Yep, flat diapers are indispensible for baby.
But skip the Gerbers!I'd decided to cloth diaper, and got some fantastic (big, thick, soft) birdseye flats for $12 per dozen, online (Google flat diapers).At the shower I was given some of these, and I thought "cool, some cheapies for the non-diapering situations.
After 5 weeks, these are still sitting untouched on the shelf, even though my tendency to grab my "diapering diapers" for everything has me running short on diapers a lot!These bottles are great!
I love pumping and storing milk in them.
I hear they're great slow flow nipples however I'd be happy with just the bottles in this set.i use this to store breastmilk so my husband can feed the baby.
i also use the bottles to freeze breastmilk.
its great because its compatible for the medela pump but my baby isnt that fond of the nipples.
i end up using the avent for feeding and transfer the milk from the medela.
buy this if you are planning on storing a lot of milk.
Now I just need to find caps that would fit without having to buy this whole set.These are the only bottles I use and they work well.
They are very durable & dishwasher safe.
I have a medela pump also.
My daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well, except for with the slow flow nipples - I recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out.
But the nipples are worthless---not shaped like me in the least (and probably like no one!)
I can pump straight into the bottles.
I just use the bottle occasionally so this item works great for me.
The nipples are a fast flow so the first time I fed my baby, the milk flow was too fast.
Very helpful to have extras!Working full-time and pumping at work and at home.
Needed the extra set.
After breastfeeding for about four or more weeks, I tried to get her to take a bottle and she refused the Medela nipple.
We also tried the Avent nipple and she didn't like those, either.
We finally ended up with the Playtex Premium.
She only needed a small amount of coaxing to take those.
Now she's a pro!
(Anyone need my Medela set????
)This is a must have for working moms who have the medela pumps.
The extra bottles come in handy for transporting milk to daycare and for expressing milk on the job.
Wouldn't live without the extra set.The bottle quality isn't great for the price.
Dr. Brown's bottles (the narrow ones) screw right into the Pump In Style.
So you can pump and use, just as you would with these bottles.
If you use regular bottles, the Evenflo set is 1/3 of the price and fits right in.
Or you can buy Evenflo bottles without the nipples for $4.99 to pour into other brands of bottles.
I use Dr. Brown's - since those are pricey, when I use up all of those, I just use the Evenflo to store extra milk and pour it into the Dr. Brown's bottles.These bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.
I now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into Playtex Nurser bottles.
Um, no.
Take one look at them and it's pretty clear.
My baby wouldn't even take it in her mouth.
Well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.
Milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth (3 mos now).
I have a 2 month old and I was producing more more milk than he was drinking allowing me to store some in the freezer.
I was hesitant to use the bags because I was afraid they would leak so I found myself wanting to buy more bottles, but for $18.99 for 6, I needed to find another alternative.
I did some research and found bottles made my Mother's Milkmate (mothersmilkmate.com or on ebay) These bottles are compatible with the Madela breast pump and nipple rings.
The refrigerator storage system is great too, you have to check out the website to understand what I mean.
If you love these bottles, you've love the milkmate ones as well.Hope this helps and saves you money!we used these bottle because they are compatible with the medela pump.
fast shipping.If all you want is something to pump into and/or store breastmilk in, this won't let you down - but you can get many more bottles for your money going with the 4oz evenflo or gerber bottles, both of which come in BPA free versions.
I found that when I sterilize Gerber nipples they become "gummy" and "sticky", but the Medela brand holds up very well in our sterilizer.I think the Medela bottles stand the test of time, which ends up saving you money in the long run and my baby LOVES them!I love medela bottles, I love that they are BPA free.
I love this product, I like the way it looks, the only thing I HATE are the bottle nipples.
I like having many bottles on hand so that I don't need to wash them every day.
I use Avent bottles as my baby seems to like the shape and flow of the newborn nipples (these nipples seem too fast-flowing).Don't bother with these.
They are expensive for only 4 bottles and totally unnecessary.
If you are pumping full time, you will be storing alot more than 4 bottles at a time.
Or even to change baby on the floor, or on the go.
They are soft, absorbent, and portable.I use this for my portable changing pad and under the sheet in my daughters cradle.
It is a bit wide for my cradle, so I just tuck in the sides.
Get the bed sized ones as an under layer (which adds cushioning from the plasticky mattresses that are made today), layer on the pretty sheets, then use a smaller pad under the diaper area.
This protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs.
I'd go to Target for the softer, thinner, prettier, and just as effective smaller size.
Both work just as well but one is more confortable on the go.i got these to put on my bed for my son's morning massage-cuz by now it's no secret what little boys do once those nappies come off!
i even ventured to put my hand into it to see how much was absorbed n literally had stuff dripping from my fingers!
!this was a waste of my money.
i am back to using a regular sheet folded over.I love these pads!
After reviewing many reviewers I decide to buy one and try it.
It is so soft and absorbent!
I bought more of these and left one in her cosleeper for leaks and as a changing pad at night so no trips to nursery.
Another was placed downstairs with wipes and diapers in a basket for quick changes on the couch and everyone loved using them.Great price and you will get your moneys worth out of them.
On the package it's advertized as a burp cloth.
I've used it over a pillow on my lap, but it's too stiff to use over your shoulder.
It stayed strong after several washes.
I used to lay my daughter on it to protect her mattress or sheets, but I find that it doesn"t breathe well enough and when she had baby acne it made the break-outs much worse.I bought it for the playpen, which it says it fits.
It doesn't.
It is a little to big, but I managed to make it work.
I bought it because I can use it on his crib or it says a twin bed, which is would be too small for.
I have about 4 of them and they are essential.
I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on.
I use one under my sheets in the area my son likes to spit up on, under him during &quot;let's give that touschi some air&quot; time, and as a take along for diaper changes...no one's going to tell you but they secretly don't want you to change your baby on their bed or sofa!
Go figure.Also, unlike their cousin the 'Quilted Crib Mattress Pad' it doesn't pill up enough to care.This product seems great.
You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.
They absorb great and wash with no problems.
I tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.
Very affordable and worth every penny.
I bought this to put between the mattress and sheet.
The pad gives it more cushion and will absorb any leaks if they happen.
lets pee through on the matress or whatever it's laying upon.
i don't like it that muchI use this and the smaller ones all the time.
I have this in the crib as a mattress pad, I put it on the changing table over the cover for an extra barrier.
Everyone should have a few of these.I bought two of these and I just love them.
I use both of them at the same time--one for his head, the other for his butt.
They do the trick of catching spit-up, vomit, and leaking diaper problems.
They're getting a little fuzzy now that they've been through the wash a few times, but for $7, I think these pads are a great buy!
!I used this to protect the Pack N Play and crib mattresses, which proved very effective.
However, as a regular changing pad, it spends more time in the bleach bucket than in the nursery!
Regular burp cloths are softer on Baby's face and less bulky.
The only reason I can think to use the quarter sized sheets is for the annual visit with Santa.
Santa might appreciate that!I have several of these - one under the sheet on the crib and one under the sheet to my pack and play.
LOVE THEM!
Great item to have!I use this pad on top of my son's mattress as well as the smaller sizes for his playard bassinet and the changing table.
For the price, you can afford to buy several so that you don't have to do laundry as often.
The only thing I didn't like about these pads is they seem to shrink a bit when put into the dryer.
My advice is to line dry them to avoid this problem.What I like about these pads are the way the don't slip around at all when you lay them down on carpet or flannel sheets.
My daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table, so I use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house.
That helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floors.Of all of my baby purchases, these have been used the most!
I have three that I keep around--one for the diaper bag, one for the bedroom, and one for the laundry--and I don't know what I would do without them.
Since my baby is only 6 weeks old, I keep him in the bedroom with me at night.
I just throw one of these on the bed when I'm changing him at night so I don't have to walk across the house to his room to use the changing table.
It is water resistant (and everything baby can "spill" on it resistant) and it is large enough so that if my little guy starts to go to the bathroom while I am changing his diaper, it gets on this pad instead of the bed.
The one in the diaper bag is also very useful--much more practical than the plastic covered changing pads that come with diaper bags.
Because this is much larger, and absorbant, I just throw it out on the seat of the car, or on the public restroom changing table, or on the floor, or wherever I need to change him, and it covers a nice large area--I don't have to worry about him touching any dirty surfaces.
I will buy these for all of my frieds having babies--I recommed getting at least 3 or 4 of them to keep around!These pads have definitely come in handy.
When my daughter first came home I used them under her, on my counter near the sink to sponge bathe her.
I have one on my changing table that came with my Pack n Play.
I also use on on the floor under her activity gym (Sparkling Symphony Gym)since it doesn't include a mat.
I also have two at Grandma's for changing and laying on the bed.
They wash well and I haven't noticed shrinkage.
If you are going to get some, use them under things and buy the white ones.
The colors seem to show the pilling more.
I use them under the bassinett sheet now.
It has proven to be very durable.
I also have the mattress pad made by this company as well.
I put it under the sheet and I have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material cannot come off.
Even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard.
I began using them for my daughter in both her portable crib and regular crib as an infant.
Now that she has moved into a "big girl bed" at 2 I also use them under her sheet to protect her mattress for those occasional nights when she wets through her diaper.
We've been using them for 17 years.
Since they last a very long time, we've replaced valves and are using some very old ones.
We've even replaced lids once upon a time.I ordered one set of these recently, hoping they'd be boy-colored for my new one year old.
Unfortunately, we received pink and purple flowered ones.
My kids are 6 1/2 years apart and I used these sippy cups for my oldest.
For my second child we used Nuk silicone spout cups for awhile but he kept chewing the spouts.
They were getting expensive to replace.
I remembered my daughter liking these and looked around but couldn't find them.
My son loves these.
I have ordered several packs of them.
All have been the blue and green as pictured except my last order I got purple and orange prints.
We have 3 children using sippies and so they get a lot of wear and tear on them.
They last us for years.
This was a great price and I couldn't get it this cheap in the store.
Definitely a favorite in our household.These cups don't spill, but the liquid comes out too fast for my daughter.
She was drinking water from these yesterday and had it running all down her chin then choked a little.
So if your baby is fine with a faster flow... go for it!
She kept holding it upside down and tossing it and nothing came out!My child at a year old can sip out of them but a lot does come out.
It's a great cup that way, totally spillproof!
He had another sippy with a silicon tip and handles at first, but we wanted to introduce a cup that he could use for many years to come.
This is it!
Cups with silicone tips WILL leak if they get bent.
It hasn't leaked once.
I love that this cup will fit in most cup holders.
You can use them as regular drinking cups for older kids.Last year when I was pregnant, I asked other moms which cups and bottles to use.
A few told me playtex, but most told me Avent bottles and sippy cups were the only way to go.
Well, I decided to go Avent, and here I am writing a review for a playtex sippy cup.
The spout leaks (nothing magic about those cups) and the collars can leak too.
I finally decided after 5 months of using Avent magic cups with little success, to give the &quot;hard to use&quot; (as one mom had classified) playtex cup a try.
My daughter could easily drink from this cup on the first try.
I'm sorry I didn't at least register for a pack of these when I was pregnant.
I've gotten rid of most of the sippy cups in my house but did keep these around for when my 2.5 yr old wants a drink of water in her bed at night or if my neices or nephews need one when they come over.
There is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out.
After your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece.
I think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles.
After you stop using, the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them.
Great choice.
Highly recommended.We have been through soooooooo many sippy cups.
My kids only like these.
They don't leak and they stand up to a million dishwasher cycles.
I should probably take apart the top pieces every once and awhile ... but I don't.It said colors may vary but I got the same as shown.
Nothing exciting and does the same function, made well, but looks dull, very dull....
I use to think that using the soft sippy cups  was a great transition from bottles..NOT!!
I have been using ours for awhile and regularly sterilizing in boiling water, but the residue build up in the lid has gotten to the point where I have to toss them and buy new sippy cups.
I will be buying a kleen kanteen sippy--no leaks, stainless steel and easy to clean.My son needed more replacement valves as his seemed to all dissapear down the garbage disposer.
Well I ordered these and got PINK cups instead of the blue/green shown.
Oops.
I really didn't think colors vary would vary between sex's - I assumed wrongly they'll all be unisex.
Well he won't use them of course, but that's fine my 3 year old daughter just added them to her collection and I will pick up more cups for him somewhere else.
Cups work fine though.I like these cups a lot.
I love the colors.
They are easy to use and easy to wash. My toddler loves them.
I haven't had any issues with the cups leaking and I have been using them for 6 months.
They seem sturdy even after I have been washing them in the dishwasher since day one.
Great value too!Yes they leak, I mean POUR milk from under the sealing ring.
Don't waste your money.
If you are crazy enough to buy them SAVE YOUR RECEIPT!These are very convenient if your child is already using the Avent bottles.
If you have a bunch of bottles anyway, you can just buy a pack of sealing discs for about $4 and use those instead.If you are using Avent bottles, these storage containers are a must.
Nice size to take to work or anywhere.
You can use these with the Medela Pump in Style breast pump, but you need to buy an adaptor from Avent.These are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk.
Unlike some of the reviews I read, I have experienced no leaking thusfar.
I usually pump more than 4 but less than 8 oz.
However, I can deal with the smaller size because overall it is such a great product!I love these breastmilk storage containers.
They make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.
When I need the milk, I just take them out of the freezer, heat it in the bottle heater, put on a nipple and go.
They are great.
Perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.
I will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.
They are great.These storage bottles are great because you can use them to store breast milk or formula.
I like making a few bottles at night then later at night as I need them I warm a bottle take storage top off and add a nipple and I am ready to feed my daughter.
I love all the avent products because of how easy everything is to use.I love this containers.
I express into these containers--freeze them--thaw them out--replace the sealing disc with the nipple--warm it up.
Then my husband is ready to feed the baby.
It's one of their times together, and I get to spend time with my older children.
I love these containers for this use.
It takes FOREVER to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles.
I just ended up using the Lansinoh and Gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezer.Love this containers.
These work well with the Avent on the Go breast pump system.
I haven't had any problems with freezing them and they haven't cracked.
Love the fact that they are small containers (4oz) so they freeze well and when it's time for the milk to be defrosted it doesn't take long.
I plan to make my own babyfood and I am going to use these containers.
LOVE THEMThese are great.
The tops come off and nipple tops can be directly attached.
After he stopped with these bottles, I used them since they had flat closed tops, to shake up his formula.
Great for storage of baby food later on as well.
Tops can be used with 9ounce bottles as well.We have purchased 3 inflatable snug-tubs from Kelgar.
The infant size tub was fine, and still works okay after 2 years.
However, the slightly larger toddler size tub has a slow leak.
!The second one arrived with a slow leak in the same place as the previous toddler size snug-tub.
At first it was so slow, it just meant we'd have to reinflate it once in a while; then you have to reinflate it more and more often until finally it won't last through one bathing without going limp.
After the second flop, I decided to just send the leaky tub back to Kel-Gar and ask for a free replacement.
When I finally called (took me a while to get around to it; I kept thinking that surely a replacement would be arriving any week now!
I mean, come on, how hard is it to throw a piece of plastic that weights about 8 ounces in the mail to keep a customer happy?
That's what we'll be doing from here on out.So long, Kel-Gar.
The tub was "just ducky" but your service was DOA!Update: No go on the replacment.
4.5 stars with 750 reviews on Amazon- you can't beat that!PRIMO EuroBath Pearl WhiteThis is great!
It's so much nicer than the hard plastic tubs.
My 6 month old doesn't slide around in this and it's easy for me to rest my arm on the tub while washing her.
(Couldn't do that with the plastic tub.)
It even has a suction cup so it doesn't slide around in the tub.
(I also use that for hanging up so it dries out after every bath.)
I put it in the tub and though my daughter doesn't sit up yet, she has plenty of room to move her legs and arms while I hold her.
Also, we don't have much room in my bathroom so we put up two extension rods (like those you use to hang a shower curtain) above the tub and store it on them.
This keeps it out of the way though the tub does have a suction cup which works.I can't wait till my baby sits up - I envision putting the Snug Tub out on the porch for her to play in.
O, by the way, I haven't reinflated it once since I bought it (about 2 months ago or so)- yes, some of the air escaped, as with all inflatables, but it's still sturdy enough.
I also sometimes put a blanket in it and let my daughter 'sit' in it and play with her toys.
I find it very versatile.I had previously purchased another tub because it was a few dollars cheaper but soon regretted it once received.
The tub had two pouches to but the soap and shampoo.
But the one thing i needed was a drain.
The dirty water built up and the only way to get it out is to tilt it up so it can pour out.
Such a hassle while washing a 9month old.
Not with this one though.
It worked great, until we started noticing slow leaks.
We'd super glue one, only to find another a few weeks later.
Time to buy a new tub.
Since this tub worked so well for us until it split and we love the suction cup, we just bought another one.
This one works great.
My 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun.
I bought the Safety 1st Splash Infant Bath Cushion, Blue to go in it.
We have had some very hot days so I take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.I like it also when he has diaper rash as I can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his butt.I bought this because my baby wasn't old enough to sit up yet but was getting way too big for her plastic tub.
This works great!
I love how much safer it is and its big enough for her to use for a couple of years.We were in that in between stage for the bath.
My son was way to big for the baby tub.
But at nine months to small for the real thing.
This works great.
I got this tub as a replacement.
After reading another customer's review I also purchased a sponge for the bottom and have had no problems with him slipping under water.
It smelled VERY STRONGLY of plastic so I had to wait a couple of days to use it, I recommend airing it out.
But once it's blown up, it's ready to go.
My son loves this tub.
He lays back and luxuriates in his bath and it's very cute to see him &#34;relaxing&#34;.
(8 months old).
We keep it blown up and don't use the drain plug, we just tip it up to drain it because I read another review that the drain plug got warped and started to leak.
I'm avoiding that by just tipping it up to pour the water out.
Working perfectly so far!!
It has a strong new-shower-curtain/new-pool-toy smell when you first open it, and I let it air out for a few days before using it.
The smell is gone now, but I would have loved it if this tub were made of a less smelly (and probably more eco-friendly) material.Also, the tub doesn't fit directly under the faucet--half the water goes in the inflatable tub, and half of it goes between the inflatable tub and the side of the bathtub.
I fill a large plastic bowl with water and dump it into the tub to fill the tub.Other than these issues, the tub is ok.
Our 1 yr old has room in it and can use it for some time.
It saves water.
I was going to use the shower hose to fill it.
However, when I tried to drain the tub, the drain on the bottom of the tub would suction to the bottom of the house tub and it wouldn't drain.
I'd have to hold the drain hole off the floor of the tub.
It is too heavy to pick up with water in it.
It will drain if you push the tub to the very front of the bathtub where the drain hole is over at least part of the bathtub drain.
So the tub works, but you can only put it in one place in the front.
I wish they had a little piece under the drain hold that held it off the floor of the bathtub.
Other than that, it is inexpensive and keeps our son contained and safe.As soon as my (large!)
baby could sit up with confidence, I switched him to this tub.
He loves it!!
Now he has room to splash his hands against the water, play with his bath toys and explore the duckie-print.The tub is easy to blow up, easy to hang and I've had no problems with it being slippery.Honestly - with a couple gallons of water and a 23 lb baby inside, how much can this thing move?I purchased this tub in June 2011 and in January 2012 the seams started to fail.
I have to blow up the tub each time I want to use it.
I temporarily fixed the seam with crazy glue but now it's hopeless.
My daughter is 16 months now and she still loves the tub.My daughter had the munchkin duck tub for awhile until it broke.
Well...she is almost two and I was thinking of getting another one or bath mats.
Our tub is very slippery.
So I found this one and the age limit was past 2years old so I thought I would try it out.
It is not real deep and she has lots of room but it still makes her feel safe and secure.This tub is perfect for my 15 mo old girl, and we use it as our everyday tub and also take it when we travel.
my only complaint is that the drain sits flush against the bath floor so it doesn't really drain unless you put something underneath it to elevate it a little (I use a foam letter since we already have them in the tub for her to play with).Bottom blow up cushion doesn't stay inflated and the plug doesn't really drain the water effectively however it fits snuggly in my tub and my daughter doesn't mind her baths in here.
Has transitioned our bath times from sink to big girl tub like I wanted so job well done.
I also like the suction cup to hang the tub to bath side for drying purposes.
Good product and woukd recommend.We used this tub for my baby from about 7 or 8 months old until about 13 months.
It was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.
Once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but I'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use it!It's easily inflated and my baby has a blast sitting in this thing.
Some reviews mention a slippery bottom but we haven't had any problems with it.
So I needed something fast that could act as a transition tub.
This fit the bill.
I would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it (just be very careful).
I tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out!
I used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes.
Just place the plug in the hole and fill!
He loves it!
I always do so I don't know how it stains but it does!We got this for our 7 month old twins who have just started sitting up alone but are still a bit wobbly.
The tub is really cute but the bottom panel on the one we got had a leak and would not stay inflated, which completely defeats the purpose of creating a soft surface for them.
We ended up putting the infant bath sponge that we used when they were newborns in the bottom and sitting them on that.
They had a great time splashing and playing.
We first tried the bath ring, that was a disaster.
It's very safe and fits snugly in our shower.
My baby loves it.
Love that it has a suction on it too to hang up.Great fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast.
My husband has to re-pump it every couple daysI'm very satisfied with this affordable blow up tub.
We tried letting her play with it in her room but she wasn't having it.
No way, Jose on this one!
So we deflated it and don't use it.
She was sliding around (and I could see an accident waiting to happen) so I bought these cute little "mini" whale suction cup/ non slip mats on Amazon and they work extremely well.
Fits just fine in our American Standard regular tub.
The tub is slightly wedge shaped, to help "lock it in" to your tub.
We have been using it for 5 months with no problems, little man is now 1 year.I wanted this to use for the baby while I showered, and for him to play in while I dried off.
We have a standard sized tub and this took up so much room that I had to step into it to enter or exit the tub.
I tried scrubbing with vinegar and baking soda, and some bleach.
It mostly came off but was still in the cracks.
Honestly, we got more use putting this in the back yard during summertime, and now it's getting tossed out.I purchased this inflatable tub for my son because I wanted to have a portable tub for when I went traveling with him.
This tub is great, I even use it at home.
I started using this tub when my son was 6 months, he is now 9 months old.
Decided to keep it anyway, but then after a day it developed a slow leak which made the whole thing pointless.
Returned it.We had the Fisher Price whale tub for my baby, and as she started to get bigger and we removed the middle ledge in the tub she'd often slide down towards the water.
I've had to add some air to it once, but other than that I just rinse it out after each use.
She likes to either lean back or sit in the middle and play.
I wish we had started using it earlier.
It's so nice not to have to fill up a whole bathtub with water, just for a tiny baby, too.UPDATE - My baby is now 16 months old, and we still LOVE this tub, even though she's in the 97% for height and 90% for weight.
Unfortunately, it has developed a slow leak.
I only refilled the air once in 10 months - the rest of the time it stayed full.
I wanted the biggest one available so he would be able to use it for awhile before growing out of it.
It has wide sides, is tall and long.
The only downside is I haven't been able to get the suction cup to work to allow it to hang dry so I just set it up in the tub to let it dry.My baby boy loved this toy so much it kept him intrigued and I would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investmentMy little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old.
I purchased this item and read the previous reviews.
So I bought the Green Spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhere.This is a nice enough tub but nothing special enough to warrant five stars.
The SnugTub is slightly longer, though, and that was a key issue.
Why doesn't someone invent a larger toddler tub?
We're trying to postpone having to waste a lot of water filling the entire adult bathtub for our growing toddler's baths.
There must be lots of other parents looking for a similar transitional tub!The good:It lasted about 6 months and never leakedIt really did fit my tub well and helped the transistion from sink to tub for bathing.The bad:Once it goes.....it goes.
It developed a slow leak on day and went into the trash.
Felt wasteful, after that we decided to bathe our daughter in a rubbermaid bin instead.
So far so good.The DEX Pillow is great.
I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and I am 21 weeks along.
I tried the fully body boppy pillow, but had trouble sleeping with it and I had trouble with having to adjust it again after turning over.
This pillow is easy to change sides with.
Before pregnancy I slept on my belly.
The wedge is very stiff, even after working it for a little while.
The angle of it isn't right..it should be thicker at it's current thinnest part, because basically, my belly just pushes into it, and it falls on the floor, eventually.
It was a waste of money, and a rolled up blanket or pillow does the job way better, and they are way more comfortable!Too small.
It felt worthless for what I wanted.
I ended up buying a 12&#34; 7.5&#34; tall wedge with memory foam that is a lifesaver!It is a small pillow, most useful underneath another pillow to give you a little elevation.
It's really too uncomfortable to lay directly on it, maybe if you just wanted to put it between your legs it'd be okay.
I don't think I'd call this a "pregnancy pillow" - it's too small.
My wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back (and only 4" tall) isn't going to help.
It stopped pulling and stretching of my stomach, kept my legs apart when I put it between my knees.
If you are a man reading this with a pregnant wife, get it for her.
By my 5th month I my would wake up with my hips aching.
I was in the market for a snoogie but couldn't bring myself to pay $60 for a pillow I would only use for a few months.
I am 7 months along and I didn't realize that I needed to 'lift' my belly a bit.
Works great.
A lot more sturdy than I thought.
I gave it 4 stars only because I have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.A great buy!
A great little size that does the job.I'm in my 3rd tri and have been sleeping with a snoogle but was finding that my belly wasn't getting the support when I had my back to the snoogle --so I ordered this.
But overall, it's just ok.
After seeing the Boppy wedge, I would have ordered that instead because it's much softer.
Inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for.
Not even using.
Makes me more uncomfortable.I had two of these.
One on each side of me every night I went to sleep, when I was pregnant.
I didn't like the HUGE pregnancy pillows that take most of your bed and force your husband to sleep on the couch!
Easily adjustable and secure.
I am keeping them for my next pregnancy!
:)I tried to use this while pregnant but for me it was too thick and firm.
I was disappointed that it was so small and firm.It's alright for a little extra belly support or to put between my legs.
does tend to squish into a set position but i liked that.
I purchased it intending to use it to prop my torso up at night during my 2 trimester.
It was much smaller than I realized and tossed it aside.
A few weeks later I started using it between my knees while I slept on my side.
I also used it under my growing belly so It wouldn't hang.
I found myself using it behind my back during TV time and also in the car.
I used it all the time.
Right now, I am letting a friend borrow it for her back at work since she is in her third trimester.
I would recommend this pillow to anyone so has back issues or is pregnant.
The case comes off so you can clean it too.My daughter is pregnant with twins and it was getting to be very difficult for her to sleep.
This is a very small wedge, but I don't think you'd want something any bigger or softer to support a growing belly.
She was using it mostly on the couch while using a microbead body pillow in bed.
When she was admitted into the hospital at 31 weeks in pre-term labor, this was the first thing she asked her husband to bring.
She has made it another week and this little pillow gets a constant workout.
Sometimes it is under her belly.
Sometimes it is wedged into her back.
Sometimes it just helps to support the arm that has the IV in it.
We are hoping to make it another 4 weeks or more, so I think I got my money's worth out of this.
It is just enough to wedge under my hip & keep me off of my vena cava (now 7 months along.)
It seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head.
I have already gotten my $10 worth & forsee using it for a long time to come.I bought this because it was so much cheaper than a Snoogle, and I needed some support for my growing belly.
It worked okay during my second trimester.
Now that I'm in the third, I feel that it is much too firm.
I have to adjust and readjust several times during the night.
Maybe I'll try it again later when my tummy gets even bigger.
***UPDATE***  Now that I am 33 weeks, I use this support pillow every night.
I have a L shape nursery pillow, but need another to support my belly.
And it does do the support job.
However, it doesn't have to do with crash testing issues.
The reason had to do with how your baby will fit in the seat.
It's the same reason you are not supposed to put your baby in a car seat when he or she is extremely bundled up- you end up securing the clothing more than the baby.
It works well for these items.
Since day one my daughter has been comfy using this.
When she was teeny tiny the insert kept her head from flopping forward.
It sort of lets her head roll all over when we carry her from the house to the car.
For a small baby I wouldn't even think about using the flimsy headrest they give you with the seat.I returned the headrest that I received at my baby shower.
I found that the items I needed to use it with (the carseat, the stroller, the swing, etc.
), came with their own headrest.
Also, parents should know, that when I had my carseat checked by the sheriff department's trained carseat safety deputy, I was told NOT to use one of these in a carseat UNLESS the seat comes with one that is made to specially fit that seat.
Using one in a seat that it wasn't made for can cause your child to fit improperly in the seat, putting them at greater risk for injury.
This didn't help her head from going side to side or even forward.
Also, my car seat came with one.I love this product.
It holds my son's head up straight and let's him sleep without his head flopping everywhere.
I have the Chambray color but it's still the same product.
I suggest having 2 on hand.
1 in the carseat and 1 in a swing or bouncer.
Also, if baby spits up on 1, then you have another to use while you are washing the first one.I don't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it.
Keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food I try to feed her & is currently teething.
It seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids.
I will never know!This item seems like a good idea, but after purchasing two I feel that we've fallen victim to "new parent baby marketing".
She woudln't even go for fruits that we knew she loved.
I'm guessing the mesh is too distracting or annoying to them(?)
She would just shake it around, bang it, or throw it.
Also, it's a total pain to clean it.
My 9 month old daughter loved munching on fruit with this.
You can purchase new netting for it but why spend the extra money when you can buy one by Munchkin at Target for less?
The Munchkin brand has a levered top so you don't have a bunch of seperate parts to monkey with.
For $3.00 go with the Munchkin one.
Sometimes little bits if food gets stuck in the netting (but in this one and the munchkin brand).
Whichever you decide to go - this is a great invention!This is great.
We started our boy on strawberries with this, as well as bananas (frozen) and frozen little cubes of baby food for him when he was teething.
No worries about him choking as he began to navigate food.This is great!
He loved that he could hold it himself and eat.
This is my standard baby shower gift now and have recieved many thanks for it.
Wonderful.
We use with frozen apples, even ice cube pieces.
No choking!
Look for them out there--our BRU had them recently.
Pitch them if they're really bad, but just unscrew bag from ring, scrub or soak both and voila, put back together and re-use.
My son loves it.
I was in the store the other day and saw a similar version of this item made by Munchkin at less than half the price of this one.
I would still  definately recommend this product though.I received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law.
When I received it, I had NO idea what is was or what it was for.
Needless to say, my perception of this has significantly changed (for the BETTER!)
I use this for my 7 1/2 month old son with canned pears, pieces of apple and canned peaches...Just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag, and let your little one have at it!
Better yet, when they're teething, freeze cubes of juice, and put the cube(s) in the bag--they'll thank you for it!
They'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves (albeit making a mess too)...but more importantly, they are LEARNING to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they're so used to.
The first time I saw it I thought, "What will they think of next..." but now that my 2 year old and nearly 1 year old are putting everything in their mouths this is an indispensable part of our home.
It's great for teething because you can stuff it with cold fruit and your baby will love sucking away while getting all the juice out of grapes, pineapple, watermelon, even strawberries!
The easy to clean mesh bag does get stained pretty quickly, I tried to boil mine clean with gentle soap and water, but after just two weeks of steady use, the carrots and bananas had stained the bag permanently.
The refill package costs nearly as much as the unit itself, but it's worth the total investment for peace of mind that your baby will NEVER choke on anything they eat through this feeder.
I suggest bringing an extra along in the diaper bag -- it's a great thing to have on trips.I bought this when my daughter was 6 months old to help her learn to chew.
It is very flimsy and floppy when food is in it.
She just played with it (flipping it around) thinking it was a toy.
It's a cheap item and the baby might have fun as mine did.
When they get a bit older and holding things for longer, it is very handy to leave the baby busy eating some fruit, for example.We started using this feeder when my son was just 3 months old.
We even put lightly frozen grapes in it when my son was teething.
We used it mostly for fruit, especially melon, grapes, pears, and strawberries.
Enjoy!!!
!When my 5-month-old started teething, my father-in-law tried to put crushed ice in a Zip-loc bag so she'd have something to chomp on (she wasn't a fan of chilled teethers).
We started using cold fruit to soothe her gums, but even without teeth she managed to break of chunks and I'd have to pry open her mouth to fish out the pieces.
This simple little plastic and mesh device has worked very well for us.
At first we used to fill it with crushed ice, but then started putting fruits or veggies in (as mentioned on the packaging) and it works great for that as well.
We even take it with us to restaurants so she can chew on pieces of fruit.
I have had such good luck with this product that I'm already stocking up on them to give to girlfriends as shower gifts.Some swear by this, but my child hated it.
We used it with frozen fruit for teething, and just about any snacks my baby wanted to eat.
How much would you pay to have some safeguard against your little one choking as they learn to eat new foods?
Now there is!After having a small choking incident, which I was able to react quickly to, I bought this to relieve some of my fears.
With the baby safe feeder, your child knaws or sucks on the mesh and the food is dispensed in small quantities that are safe to be swalled by little mouths.I loved this item even more when teething time came around.
I could drop one or two ice cubes in the bag and my daughter would be on cloud nine.
She would hold onto the handle and suck cube uppon cube of ice until her pains were relieved.I think every parent should own one of these, it is inexpensive and well worth the money.I bought this to help with teething and help my baby explore new food without choking.
I have tried it with ice, which she loves, and peas and a frozen peach.
It is a huge mess, which I can deal with.
I wouldn't say this is one of my indispensable baby items though.I was afraid that my baby would throw/drop this and break the ring, but then I discovered that I could link the handle to the attachment on the Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Highchair.
It works great!I love this idea and  so does my son.
He had his first local gorn apple at 5 months old thanks to this product.
He gnawed that thing to death.
We keep one at home and oone in the diaper bag for when we got out.
It is easy to clean and is one less thing to worry about.
I like the concept of this but in practical use, my 7.5 month old wasn't thrilled about using this.
The handle is a bit heavy and I wondered why they couldn't make it a little lighter to hold.
My baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her.
Eating out of this does get really messy but that's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves.
I only used it a couple times for foods.
I LOVE this product for when she is teething.
I put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet so it doesn't stick to her lips.
I took the bag out of the freezer and into the fridge to thaw and ended up with a shelf full of breastmilk.Maybe these bags work for supermoms, but they didn't work well for busy, sloppy me.
Even though you can't pump straight into them, sealing them is quick and easy.I registered for and received these Medela bags.
After using all 50, I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.
Wow!!
The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.
The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer!
My medela bags haven't split in the freezer...I'll give them that.
You basically roll the tie down and twist it up - I like the Gerber seal and the Avent clips much more.
My daughter was born prematurely and never really got the hang of breastfeeding.
I wanted her to recieve all of the benefits of breastmilk so I pumped.
I have pumped everday since the day she was born btwn 5 and 8 times a day.
If you get too much milk in the bag, it will leak when you close it up.
That didn't make sense to me at all.
They were easy to dispose of if they outdated (there is a place to label them with the date).
I usually put 3 of them in a freezer bag as a double layer of protection against leaks and freezer burn.
None ever leaked for me.
They thaw easier and faster than in hard plastic or glass containers, too.
Very convenient.If you are looking to make a mess, lose milk and get frustrated, these are the bags for you.
First, these bags do no stand up on there own and it is very inconveniant to carry a little cup around to help fill the bag.
You have to string the twist-tie into each bag by yourself.
Also you are supposed to tear the little tab on the bottom of the bag to get the milk out.
The first time I did it I lost a whole bunch of milk.
My favorite is lansinoh.
Another bag thing about these Medela bags are that they are more expensive than the others.
The twist tie closure system is cumbersome.
The bags are small.
The plastic is thin and leaks in the freezer when frozen.
They come with a double ziplock so that you can be certain that your precious milk will stay fresh for your little bundle.We were using bottles to store milk when my mother bought these.
I was SOOO skeptical at first, but I tried them.
LOVE EM!!!
I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars b/c they are a little bit akward to put on the pumps, but I love them!!!
they save space and they are less expensive than buying 50 bottles to store your milk in.These bags leave a lot to be desired.
They don't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them.
They are also much cheaper as you can generally find them at discount stores (Target, etc.
I have stored milk nearly 50 times using the Medela bags and have been completely satisfied.
They are sturdy and hold up well when being reheated.
However, I do dislike the fact that the way they are closed is to insert a little trash bag tie into the two pre-cut holes and then fold over and over and twist together until tight.
The way they close is annoying because it doesn't freeze flat at all and I can only store 3 bags of milk per container- thus taking up tons of space in the freezer.
I recommend these bags and will continue to use for the remainder of my time breast feeding.I purchased these bags when I returned to work and began pumping more often.
What a waste!!
The Gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof.
They can be found at most retail stores including Target and Walmart.
I bought two extra bases for my infant car seat for both my husband's and my mother's car.
Unlike my car, there center seat has a harness strap.
Those are hard to get really tight.
My center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base.
With the mighty tight, it was a snap.
You just hooked it in, cranked it, and voula!!
!That seat isn't going anywhere.
I love it.
It is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.
After easily installing the Mighty Tite, it's like the base is a part of the car.
It doesn't move at all.
to inspect my car.
The firefighter said this could weaken the seat belt over time and it may break in a crash.
The mighty tite is just collecting dust.
I have no plans of using it or giving it away.
If I can't find a use for it, I'll probably throw it away.
The headrest is in the bouncer or the swing.
When I was pregnant a friend of ours who is a fireman, told us we must get this.
He used it for his two kids & said he wouldn't do without it.
We had no problems installing it in our Isuzu Rodeo or Honda Civic.
I wouldn't install a baby seat without this.The mighty-tite is a simple ratchet device, like you see on a come-along or truck tie down.
On the old center seatbelts (no shoulder harness) they are a breeze.
I put both the main belt and the &quot;extra&quot; strap that you pull to tighten into the ratchet, and crank that puppy right down.
And simple to operate.Minus side: some car seats don't have enough room under the base for this thing.
Also, the new shoulder harnesses really torque the seat sideways, and this thing only makes it worse.
I don't like using it with a shoulder harness belt unless it's dead center of the car, because the extra torque tends to make the seat crooked.
You have to crank the ratchet a partial turn, hold down the yellow lever, and pop a button while holding it down.
Doesn't always work on the first try.
Perhaps they need some more development on the release.I believe we can fairly judge the usefulness of this accessory in terms of "before" and  "after".
We're on our second car seat now, and I've helped install others for friends, and every car seat has its own installation quirks.
At some point, with all of them, if you're using seat belts to hold down the car seat, you're going to have to tighten the belt significantly.
When I install our car seat (before the Mighty Tite), that means getting up on it and bearing down a lot of weight while tugging on it; when my wife does it, it means not being able to get a really tight fit at all.
"After" we got the Mighty Tite, and went through the use of it, I'd say our car seat installation time was reduced by 200%, and the installation job was much more secure.
During a recent spate of traveling, we had to install and re-install the seat a dozen times in a two-week period, and this was utterly essential for getting on and off of the airplane quickly while still having a securely-installed seat, and even more importantly, getting the seat re-installed securely when we were putting it into a "strange" car.We particularly appreciated the plastic instructions attached to the Mighty Tite with a metal ring -- it meant when we got confused about how to use it with a different belt arrangement, we had the visual reference right at hand and not all dog-eared or ripped up (like our car seat installation manual!
)Obviously, if you're only going to install the car seat once in one car there may be diminishing returns on a device like this.
Since we've already put it to heavy use, though, I'm well satisfied at the purchase and value.Don't buy this.
She has actually had one break while installing it!
I have used this product since my son was just a few months old.
I loved it.
I was still using this product with his forward facing car seat.
My car was totalled (I drove a Saturn)...the only part of the car without damage was the roof & the drivers side...my son's car seat was on the rear passenger side, so he recieved more of the impact than I did being the driver.
Even though the Mighty-Tite makes the seat belt tight so that the car seat itself won't slide around, his car seat still fell over & that is what shielded his body & face from the glass.
I don't know how it worked out that way, but if his car seat hadn't fallen to its side, I think that he may have been hurt more.
After washing 3-4 times with loads of fabric softener - no difference.I used it once and it's been in the closet ever since.I ended up putting a thin blanket in the packnplay and tucking it into the sides instead.
It was soft, and when my child was sleeping he didn't pull it out.If and when I use the pack and play as a playpen, I may pull the sheet out and try again.
and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.)
and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes!
Go for the white!
!If you are purchasing or have a pack-n-play, these extra sheets are a necessity.
Baby will spit up, drop the bottle, lose the sippy cup in the playard, and extras are much more convenient than attempting to immediately wipe down the sheet.These sheets fit well, wash well, and aren't overly padded so as to be unsafe.
In fact, I did!
I am expecting TWINS, so I purchased another sheet in this color and also TWO of the smaller size for my two Graco Travel Lite Cribs/PNP's.Good job, Graco for coming up with yet another GREAT product!We have a Baby Trend playyard, and these sheets fit perfectly.
).I will agree that these sheets are lint magnets.
However, since we just use them at night, I would have liked a bit softer sheet.
The spittle and drool just wipes off, right?
They fit perfectly, match fine, and keep muck off the mat.
It has been spit up on about a million times and has been washed about a million more.
It hasn't faded at all and is very durable.
I would definitely recommend this sheet!I got this sheet for my son's Colby Pack n Play as a spare for when his original aheet requires washing.
To me, a sheet's a sheet.
For the purpose I got this for I have no qualms.
We haven't had any bleeds and the sheet isn't stiff or scratchy.
You will need it, especially for preemies, newborns and teething babies/toddlers because they can go through several sets of bedcloths a day.I bought this sheet for a Graco brand pack and play...the sheet is fitted, just not in the traditional sense (there's no elastic) just kind of pockets sewn in the corners.
It stays on OK though.
Just one thing threw me, I thought the color "tea" would be tan or some variation of a light brown, but it is definitely green.I also almost didn't buy these sheets because of the reviews on this site, but I couldn't find another brand either, so I picked up two of these in navy.The sheets are a bit on the thin side (they are the thinnest sheets we own for him), but since our son has been sleeping in the bassinet in our room since day one, they are the only sheets he's ever slept on.
They are okay sheets that are holding up very well, even through numerous washings.
The sheet fits well and I've had no problems with washing it.
After all, my son plays on it.Bought a hundred dollar pack and play and this was my ONLY option for a sheet.
?Also, keep in mind your wash loads.
I bought this in navy and then realized that everything else I have for baby is pastels.
Sheet has to be washed seperately from rest of baby's laundry.
Other reviewers are right on about the quality.
You can see the pattern right through them.Now that we're expecting our second child any day and she'll be sleeping in the play yard for a long bit, I wanted to see what else was out there.I found the following brands at BRU, bought one of each and tried them on the bed.
Here's what I found:Nojo: Terrycloth-like fabric.
Soft but still a bit thin.
Price $9.99Graco quilted sheet: Very plush, though the fabric is synthetic feeling (I didn't check, but I'd guess poly blend).
Will probably use it under a more natural feeling sheet.
Elasticized and stayed on well.
Most expensive at $14.99Carter portable crib sheet: Knit fabric.
On the thin side, but soft.
Stayed on well, was elasticized and came in at least 4 colors (green, white, blue, yellow).
Highly suggest NOT buying these, but going with an elasticized sheet.
The material is very rough and the sheet doesn't fit well when the mattress is in the bassinet position.We have the Graco Clarion Pack N Play and this sheet fits perfectly.
It fits our model perfectly and has withstood many washings well.
It is thin, but we haven't found that to be a problem.These sheets are incredibly thin and cheap.
The elastic isn't good, and the fabric is just not soft.
These really are terrible sheets.
They don't fit the pad very well regardless if it's laying flat for the playpen or if it's set up for the bassinet.
Since the bassinet is 3/4 the pad folds up and the sheet doesn't stay put very well at all.
They are also cheaply made.
Thin isn't even the word.
It's upsetting that my Babies r Us only carries this brand.
I'm going to return the rest for a store credit and try to find a suitable replacement elsewhere.
As for now I am currently using my bassinet w/o a sheet.
Since she's always wrapped in a blanket she doesn't mind going w/o the sheet.We couldn't get the sheet on right.
It kept lifting the corners of the floor mat.
They weren't soft like the others either.
Waste of money.You do need some kind of sheet if your baby will be sleeping on the plastic, and these are all I've ever found.
They don't fit great, which doesn't make any sense since they are designed for the pack n play.
They're also pretty stiff even after washing.These sheets are not good at all.
I ended up making my own sheets...all you have to do is get a piece of flannel and hem it and make the corners, they don't need elastic since the mattress has bending points in it.
Plus, a lot cheaper!I love these.
They are very easey to put on and take off.
They wash in the washing machine, and dry in the dryer.
It's a bit much though.
Ones in the wash, and ones on the pack and play.
To add comfort I have a waterproof pad under it which I think is a must in playards anyways because it is not easy to clean the matress pad they come with.I have had no problems with bleeding, and I wash it very often and it has held up fine.We have the Travelin Tot Safari Playard and even though this sheet is made for Graco Pack n Plays, it's perfect for my son's playard also.
I couldn't imagine putting him in the bassinet part without a sheet...
Still wear them if the other brands are not clean.These reusable nursing bra pads are bulky and show through shirts.
I was very disappointed after using them the first time.
Haven't used them since and have purchased others to try.I have been using the Lansinoh Disposable Nursing Pads, but were given these Medela ones as a gift.
They are much more thicker than the disposable ones and very easily seen under my clothes.
It was not attractive at all.
However, you will have to wear a padded bra in order for the seams on these pads not to show and/or look pointy.I bought these because they are washable and the box said they are 100% cotton.
However, while prepping them for first use, they just about RUINED my very expensive Rowenta iron.
Why, you ask?
Why would the cotton setting NOT work on a cotton breast pad?
Because the brainiacs who made them decided to use some sort of nylon-based serger thread on the edging!
I started to iron the first one, and my iron began sticking to the pad.
So, off to the drawing board, I will just have to sew my own.
And in case you are wondering why I would iron them, they come out of the wash very wrinkly (whether you air dry or put in the dryer; I washed them twice for prepping and did both drying methods).
I'm working to test each product I can get a sample of.
I believe most products fit one or more specific needs.
"White/patterns" absorb a bit faster than "natural" so I like to put "natural" as an outer doubler and "white/patterns" as inner doubler during heavy let-downs.If you only drip a few drops during let-down any one of these brands would be fine.
No fabric softeners were applied as they can cause repelling.
All samples were used at least a month before final opinions were noted.Categories: dry shirt test, rate of absoption, appearance, leakage, light use, heavy night use, doubler.
Organic?, Made in USA/Canada?, Fair Trade?, Construction Material?
Seam/Dart?
2-second squirt of 3ml absorbed in same 2 seconds.
Variable speed of absorption.
13-40 seconds to absorb 3ml--improved after 2 months use.
Excellent outer doubler.
White & patterns absorb more quickly than natural tone (3ml in 24sec), absorption improved thereafter following additional month of use.
May work especially well for smaller sizes like A or B.
100% cotton flannel, 4 layers (+ optional lace), 8 pads/pk (4 pair), no dart/seam, 4.5" shrinks to ~4" diameter, Made in USA.Definitions:Fully absorbed.
liquid no longer beads/flows on surface when tiltedHeavy let-down.
Can soak a Lansinoh disposable (most absorptive disposable I'd encoutered) in a single feeding and leak.
Heavy flow requires very absorptive inner doublers and low(er) absorption outer doublers so they have time to soak it all up without affecting your shirt.
I just haven't met it yet.
I will gladly try any brand and report on my findings.Rate of absorption.
3ml water dispersed in 2 seconds.
Dispersed/absorbed time: 2/2 = absorbed immediately.
2/20= 18 seconds after water dispersed until fully absorbedShirt test: After 1+ month of use, lay pad on favorite tank top, apply 3ml water, time how long until back of pad is damp to touch or shirt is visibly dampened.
Check at 5, 10, 20, 30 minutes.If you would like another product reviewed, please let me know.
This review goes into more detail at "[..]I have been through 4 brands of disposables and also have several pairs of these.
At first when I was sore and using nipple cream, I used the disposables.
I forget that I even have them on.
I agree with other posters that they may not be as discreet as some of the disposables, but I don't really care.
I don't wear too many tight clothes these days and if I did I could use disposables (to me the J&J and Avent disposables are the most discreet).
I have four pair.
I generally do laundry once a week, with one load at some point mid-week.
I do still leak through them from time to time so I only use them in the house.
They are also great for comfort.I like the fact that these pads are made from renewable sources and can be reused, so i bought them for ecological reasons.
I was also given some of the disposables.
However, it feels as if the disposable absorbs the moisture better and in that regard is more comfortable as well.You can see these through your bra...even a think padded bra.
And they don't lay flat so they aren't very comfortable.Try the  LLLI Washable Nursing Pads.
They work if you only leak a little bit, unfortunately, if you leak a decent amount, you'll soak right through the pads.
This is something to keep in mind when purchasing!These breast pads are merely okay.
I only wear them at night for that reason.
They do the job, but I can't use them during they day, so they are merely acceptable.These are bulky under your bras and if you have heavy letdown you will leak right through.
They tend to get wrinkles in them and you can see them through a shirt, an under shirt, and a bra all at once.
Not my favorite.
My nipples were raw, sore and a little bloody.
Even though I coated my nipples with lanolin after every feeding the pads would still stick to my nipples.
My breasts and nipples already hurt so to have to peel these pads off every two hours was torture.
Ouch!
A waste of money!I bought these to use during the day at work and so far they've worked great.
They're easy to wash and dry, I just throw them in with my regular clothes.
I didn't give it 5 stars because you can't wear these with thin clothes or they show.
I wear them with a bra that has light padding so it works great that way, but if you wear a thin bra with a silk shirt or dress it would show.
I bought two packs and might get another one so that I don't have to wash them during the week.
Why buy disposables?
I just throw them in washer and dryer and they still keep the original shape.
The stitching is rough and itchy.
Once the pad is washed it's very ripply and won't sit flat (which is the biggest annoyance for me).
These leaked through so quickly.
I haven't had any problems with leakage (with this or any other brand) but after 3-4 washes the Medela pads are so wrinkled and have lost their shape that I can't wear them with anything without them showing through.
Especially, when the other brands are holding up just fine after the same number of washes.I used this stool during my baby's first month.
But after the first month, it became more of a hindrance.
You don't need it if you are using a nursing pillow,  like &quot;Boppy&quot;.
Pricey.
Better to borrow one from a friend.I loved this so much, I bought two.
I used the stool in the hospital and loved it, so bought one for home, and then two.
When baby weaned, I kept this for use under my desk in the office.
My back problems are almost non-existent now.Within a couple of weeks of breastfeeding, my back was shot.
This stool provided so much relief.
Ordered one for myself and cant do without.
Even ordered an addiotional one for my grandparents house that we are going to in the next week in another state!
Love it!This nursing stool drastically improved the usefulness of my old-fashioned rocking chair as a place to nurse my newborn.
The stool converted my lap into a flat horizontal stretch that could support my baby and improved my posture so I didn't end my sessions with a backache.
However, I also found it useful while nursing on the couch or other armchairs (same benefits) and my husband loves to use it when he is getting baby dressed after a bath as it helps him keep his lap horizontal as well.
An added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together (5-10 minutes tops) and comes with it's own allen wrench tool.The Medela Nursing stool has been a lifesaver.
It comes in handy when trying to prop baby at the right angle.
I wish I had invested in this item with my first child, would have saved me from some aches and pains.
Great bargain and money is well spent on a terrific and useful stool.This stool is great!
I use it with a boppy pillow.
My husband put it together easily in a few minutes.
Slightly slante but I guess we can still use it later as a step stool.
I also use it while pumping for comfort.This seems like a silly purchase and pricey for a simple stool.
I wish I would have had this at the beginning but only discovered it in a nursing room at a baby store.
It's well made and easy to assemble.
In my experience, anything to make those first few weeks easier - while you and your baby are learning to breast feed - is worth it!I have been having horrible back problems since the third trimester of my pregnancy.
When I sit on my couch, my feet don't reach the stool.
So it doesn't help me there.
I just wish it worked for me.
:(Icouldn't have nrsed without it.
It is sturdy and easy to assemble.
I use it in tandem with my Boppy and love the results.
My two month old and I have had our trials and tribulations with breastfeeding, but this stool has eliminated all of our discomfort.
A definate improvement.
The only part that I don't like, and this is an individual thing, is the ridges (tread).
The stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.
I thought it was from picking up and carrying around my son until someone purchased this stool for me.
I would definately recommend getting this stool if you plan to nurse.I wish I'd had this when I was pregnant.
But I have it now and it has come in very handy.
I use it a lot more with our glider when I'm pumping or just rocking the baby.
I wouldn't buy it until you see if you need it.this was a back saver for me while nursing.
This is well worth the money.Once you have this stool, you will use it long after you stop nursing.
I have a rocker/glider that I use in my front room and the gliding ottoman is just awkward and bulky.
I was using a regular child's step stool but have had to tip it onto two legs and I'm starting to notice some wear on my carpet.
I use this stool every night in the middle of the night while nursing and rocking our baby.This stool is a miracle worker for tired legs and backs.
I love to use it when nursing my son upstairs.
The slanted top means your feet are positioned perfectly for holding a baby.
It's sturdy and well-build.
I like to keep my feet apart somewhat when I nurse.Amusingly, my toddler thinks this is his "chair" and uses it when we read books before bed time.I decided against a glider/rocker for nursing and went with a stationary chair.
I went about a week of nursing with my feet flat on the ground when I realized my back being achey from the position.
This stool was recommended to me at the hospital's breastfeeding class and I used it at the hospital while nursing but thought it was just an extra thing to have.
The nursing stool angles your lap up drawing baby closer to you, which allows you to have your back straighter instead of hunching towards the baby.
I have been using mine for two months with no problems.
These are clear, and look and fit great on our crib.
You should definitely measure the width and thickness of the area you want to protect though.
in other words these are a must.
At least 2 inches on each side are still left bare for her to chew on.
My daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course.
Oh well, it's kind of cute.
We would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey.
So he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood.
And of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too (11 months).
They go on with zero headache and stay on.
Note, you will need 2 sets to cover both sets of rails.
But these end up being cheaper and far more effective than the others, which, peel, curl and can even be bitten apart.
Yes my little fellow managed that, even though it shouldn't have been possible.
Thoroughly pleased and recommending to all my friends with teething babies.I almost didn't get these after reading the reviews, but they sounded like exactly what I wanted so after making sure the measurements were right I decided to give them a shot.
Buy something else instead.I bought this at babies r us.
It says it fits most standard rails but doesn't give any measurements.
How are you supposed to know if it will fit unless you purchase it?
What a pain.I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this product.
I bought these crib rail protectors and my twin boys figured out how to remove them within a few days and they are under 9 months old.
What a waste!I don't agree with the dimensions listed on Amazon's description.
It does come with 4 pieces that are about 12 inches long...which will cover one side of your crib.
However, I don't know what the 1.5 x 5 part is.
I measured the ones I have and the inside of the plastic measures about 3/4 of an inch...and the outside of it is around an inch.
The plastic is fairly flexible.
I have the Aspen 4-in-1 crib and it fits my rails just fine.
I don't know if someone put some furniture polish on the crib rail to make it do that (I didn't).
I thought this was important and wanted to make sure you know about.I realized that there was a DC-10 power cord (bulky) on my power strip and wondered if this would be able to fit it.
This didn't register until after I had bought the cover.
My boy is only 10 months and has yet to get his little hands on it.
If you have 3-prong plugs or plugs with adapters, be prepared to rearrange your electronics because they won't all fit in this product.
One drawback is that it is really hard to open even for adults.
I wanted to use it on an extention cords with items I often plug in and out.
It gives me peace of mind.This does what it is supposed to do - keeps my daughters fingers out of the extra outlets in the power strip.
That's a win in my book.This power cord protector seems to be working fine so far.
My baby isn't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that hasn't been an issue for us.
It comes with outlet plugs, which were handy for the empty ones.
It takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up.
And it is actually white, not the yellow it appears to be in the photo.My charger for my breast pump wouldn't fit in this contraption, but otherwise it did what it was supposed to do.This securely protects the surge strip plugs from little hands.
My baby loves to go toward the cords and when she's grabbed toward them, this holds up.
It isn't easy to unlatch, if you latch it well.
Its simple and amazing!
Worth every penny and more!The locking tabs just aren't that great, functionally.
again, great concept, needs a bit more on the execution part.Holds a power strip and plugs okay, but my toddler can still get her fingers down in the cracks where the cords come out and the crack between the front piece of plastic and the longer back piece.
She gave up shortly thereafter when she couldn't get in.
Highly recommended.it doesn't work for HUGE plugs (like our roku), but will work with every other TV/Stereo/cable/etc component we have!
she tried to turn everything on/off again and found out she couldn't and now she stays away from that area!
a total life saver and pretty sound product!
!This is a must have for parents!
What baby doesn't head straight for the power strip?
There are a series of little pegs that must fit into little holes to get it to latch.
Now you would think that that's the point of the power strip cover, right?
Except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket.
It's a bit ugly, but keeps our daughter from playing with the plugs.
We ordered another one already.I have one power strip this doesn't fit, but I bought a few and it suits the other ones just fine.
Check the dimensions before assuming this will work on your strip.
Other than that, it's very secure.The opening on this is too narrow to accommodate iPhone/iPod/MacBook adapters.
It's just too short, even for the smallest of the Apple adapters.
Covers perfectly and makes the power strip safe.
It doesn't protect children from sticking their fingers inside the cover.
This is easily done even by myself through the top where the cords are supposed to come out.
A baby safety gate did the trick for us.
Instead of installing a power strip safety cover, I purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.)
behind it.
Keeps his little hands out of everything and I still have room for my chair & feet.
Seems like nothing is perfect.Great Idea.
Doesnt work on plugs that are bulky and go sideways.
But will work for most plugs even some large ones.
Two bc they do come out of the top by daughter can still grab and chew on them.
I saw a more expensive version of this that did that.These have worked very well for us.
It is large enough to cover all the bulky plugs we have plugged into the strips as well.
I was surprised to read another reviewer found this too small.
I think the cover should work for most single-wide power strips; it probably wouldn't work for a powerstrip with two rows of outlets.
I found it relatively easy to open and close.
I forgot about one of our power strips and I'm not hesitating to buy another one of these!I bought this white cover (model 40896, UPC 3676840896, code on label X0000DM4BB) andSafety 1st Power Strip Coverto compare the two.
Its dimensions are fixed at 14" length, 2-3/4" wide, and 3-1/4" high (except for the 4" at the power strip cord end which is only 1-3/4" high).
The slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 1/2" wide and 7-5/8" long.
When closed, the hole for the power strip cord is 1-1/8" by 1-1/2".
There are no holes for wall mounting, but four outlet covers, two plastic cable ties, and ten cord identifier stickers are provided.To open the 4" cover at the power strip cord end, you pull up on a single tab; this seems rather easy for a child to disengage, which means that he/she might have access to the outlet nearest the power strip cord end.
To open the main cover, you pry open three tabs, then open the unit like a clamshell.The plastic is softer but probably more resistant to breakage compared with the Safety 1st model.
I like the fact that you can simply open the 4" cover to flick the power strip switch on and off.
It is narrower and shorter than the Safety 1st model by about 3/4" in either direction, which may prevent using wider strips or transformers more than about 1-1/2" high with it.Buy this from Amazon.com!
(BTW, about the Amazon photo, the interior is actually white, I don't know what produced that egg-yolk-yellow color inside.
I almost wish I had this before I had kids because it conceals it so nicely and makes the strip look much more tidy.
But that's the point, right?
I would recommend this to anyone looking to either conceal their outlet strips or babyproof their home.I'd move along if I were you.
I'd had issues with my daughter crawling around and unplugging, or turning off power strips if she got to them.
This makes them very secure.
Definitely recommended!for where we needed this it didn't work do to the plug's we had in the outlets the cover wouldn't fit.This item works great for us!
It didn't fit our standard power cord, the front section opened really easily (actually had a hard time getting it to stay closed) and once we opened the back section to plug things in, couldn't get the back section closed again.
Also, the opening at the top is huge!
Definitely big enough for my 9-month old to stick her fingers in, which is kind of the opposite of its purpose.
I sent it back and moved around furniture to hide our power cords instead.We got this for the power strip in our livingroom by our tv.
It does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and I like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are.
And I had to use a tie wrap to keep the cords together so I could close it.
I like it because it keeps my son from playing with the surge protector.
I also think it's very pretty - it brightened up the room.
I just love it.
Makes me want to further decorate the room for the baby.
Perfect height for me as well and plenty of storage room.
Great table for a great price!I purchased this changing table in the summer of 2002 (my baby was due in Sept) I put it together very easily by myself.
When I read the directions I was disappointed when it said to only use this table for babies up to 20lbs (I was having a 10lb baby) so I didn't think I would get much use.
I couldn't afford a more expensive one so I kept it.
My son is now 2 1/2 yrs.
old and weighs 35lbs and we are still using it!!!!
I am so suprised by how sturdy this is!!!
After reading some other reviews, I can't believe how many other people don't like it.
I'm using it till it can't support my son anymore and gives out but no problems yet.
I store toys and diapers on the other shelves.
Even being used this changing table is great.
There are no problems.
It's very sturdy and durable for the price.
I have the shelves loaded up with alot of things and no problems at all.
The shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy.
Great table, that does the trick.
Fits almost everything we need for clothes, and we have a diaper depot hanging off the side to fit all the changing table items.
:)I was going to get the "spindle" changing table from POttery Barn Kids but found this one, at about 1/3rd of the price.
This one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area.. i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover.
i did get the baskets from PBK to store stuff neatly on the shelves.
The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont notice.For my fourth baby I bought all new nursery furniture.
I love this table.
I have also loved the matching crib and dresser!I don't know what everyone else is doing with it, but I've had no problems with it falling apart.
I store all our diaper-changing items on the top shelf in baskets, and then diaper bags go on the bottom shelf.
Table was very easy to put together and is extremly sturdy.
I have 2 blue covers and one each of the yellow and white.
The blue and yellow are much, much lighter in person (they appear to be very pastel); I find them more appealing!Like I mentioned, I have four of these covers.
They are fantastic and I recommend them to everyone.
Buy more than one though, because they definitely get dirty quickly--I think I changed mine every day for the first 2-3 weeks that my son was home!We have four of these covers- one blue, two green, and a yellow.
We leave a lap pad on the cover which is the first line of defense against accidents during changes.
This somewhat reduces the frequency of cover washings.
Some people have noted that they find these covers unnecessary- I'm sure the changing pad would be adequate by itself, but I just feel like the whole area is cleaner when I can throw the cover and pad into the laundry.Be advised that all our covers did shrink slightly after washing.
The colors also faded slightly with washings.This item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it.
The terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy, like an old towel.
Carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.
Didn't even use it once!
Don't bother!!!
Just use a pillowcase & it works just as well...We recently bought this pad for our changing table in the blue color.
It's very soft and fits well with our pad, which was made by another company.
Another viewer was right about the lack of slits to pull the straps through to hold the baby.
He hates it more if we use them and he's more still if we don't.
Overall, we like this cover, especially for it's cost.Do exact what they are intended to do.
But to be honest I didn't try any other type of a bottle since this one works so well.I love these bottles and liners!
They get rid of half my washing since I don't have to wash bottles.
They're a lifesaverI've been using the playtex drop in system since my daughter came home from the hospital and I love it.
!These are great.
They save time and don't leak - like the standard bags sometimes do.
HOWEVER I will only buy the generic ones from now on since they are so much cheaper!
You can get both sizes at Walgreen's, Walmart and Target.
Save your money!You can remove all of the air from the liner so it minimizes ingestion of air.
Initially we were hesitant/worried to use this system since we solely breastfeed for 5 months.
The baby had no issues with the liner/bottle system.
We use this in conjunction with our Medela Breast Pump.
Also, the store brand ones do the same thing for half the price.
I bought the Playtex Drop-In system to try to reduce the amount (frequency and quantity) that my baby spits up.
But when I was a first time mom, I hated washing bottles and parts.
It didn't take much time, but still it took time.
So I switched to Playtex Drop-Ins bottles.
Yay!
I rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day.
Now I have my 2nd child.
It designed for the bottle.
It's durable and doesn't have plastic smell like other generic brand I used once.Please note: If you want to use generic brand liners, you fill water to the water lines ON THE LINER instead of the marks on the bottle itself.
The water level/volumn is different.I am a big proponent of the Playtex Bottle Liner Drop-ins.
They're easy and effective.These are so easy.
I don't have to wash a million bottles anymore!
I just have to wash the nipples.
and let the bottle sit for a while, the bag expands a little so it only looks like I have 7 oz.
So the measurements may be a little off.
Because the bag is thin, it also takes a lot less time to warm bottles if that is a consideration.
is reduced.
Only glass bottles are safer but they do not reduce colic..so I choose theseUsed them on 2 healthy kids and loved themCouldn't find this in stores around my area.
But I've used this before and they're great.
Regardless, this has my stamp of approval and I would recommend this for new parents.I love the drop-ins system.
I used them for my first daughter when I went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them.
I am using them again for my DCP for my second daughter.
There is less washing needed during the day as the bottle doesn't get dirty.
I have never had an issue with these and was happy to find them on Amazon!P.S.
There is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles.
It was cheap and saves a step!I love these liners.
!, breastmilk everywhere.
I learned my lesson- squeeze gently, if at all.
My only complaints are: 1.
They are a bit pricey for plastic bags but the convenience factor makes up for it, imho.
2.
The amount markings on the bags are a bit hard to read and don't really line up with the markings on the nurser shells, so the only way I can tell how much my LO has taken is to pour out and measure the leftover milk.
Otherwise, this is a great product!
!The plastic drop in bottles work perfectly well.
and you can see them colapse like they shouldLove this system and these drop-in liners work great!
I would recommend these to anyone and I'm picky so you know they are good.What's to say, they do they're jobDrop-ins are straight forward and they get from me a nodThough at times they feel like a wasteBut saving time not cleaning puts a smile to my faceThese do 4 ounces, but when you get to 4 ounces it's probably better to just go to the 8 ouncers becase you have to remember that you need to put in formula into the water and it's nice to have some space to mix the formula.Seems to help with my son's colic.
Air will flow through the nipple.
We used it until he was eating around 6oz a serving.I tried Avent and Dr. Browns before switching to Playtex Drop Ins.
I liked all three but Playtex drop ins are so easy!
And, the way the nipple is, for my daughter, seems to be the most natural and closest to breastfeeding.
Anyway, the silicone nip on the playtex nursers is much softer and pliable so the baby can kind of pull on it as she wants to.
It's great!
With my twins, the daycare goes through lots of bottles each day.
Just press in the liner from the bottom.
We are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner, and it is still easy to remove the air.With the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner.
Then we tighten the lid and continue to press any remaining air out through the hole in the nipple (be careful when pushing up on the liner before tightening the lid as liquid can easily overflow).
When I travel, I use the playtex disposable bottles.
Makes for easy packing and cleaning.I have no idea why I spent so much money on Avent (leaks all the time and too fast flow) and Dr. Brown's (difficult to clean).
I use these when I have to pump a bottle for travel.
They are handy, easy to use and I love that you use them and then toss them right in the trash.
Good price for the amount.I've been using these liners since my baby was 3 months old.
These are ESSENTIAL for our out of town trips.
I would take a box of liners, only about 3-4 Drop-ins nursers, and about a dozen extra nipples and caps for a 3 day trip.
With my older kids I had to lug a whole plastic bin full of bottles plus the microwave sterilizer when we went on trips!Some people say that these drop-ins did not keep a good seal, but I found that those individuals were trying to push all the air out through the nipple and the pressure is what broke the seal.
If you want less air just press some of the air out before putting the ring on.
Pressing all the air out is unnecessary.
The liner does its job without pressing all the air out.
The point of the collapsible liner is to not let more air in as your baby eats, and it does a fantastic job.
These don't leak as long as the bottom ring is screwed on properly.
Using these for my grandson.
Used them when his mother was a baby and still love them.I love these bottles!
They are easy and convenient!
No problems with excess gas and you know you are getting a fresh, clean liner everytime!
So easy to use!
I won't try another brand.
You just drop in the liner and throw it away after feeding and the only thing you have to wash is the nipple.
No taking apart the bottle and washing several parts.... Just quick and easy.
One diaper, one bottle, and no college fund.
They're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes.
I've used the 8-10 ounce liners a few times as well with no issues.
For those curious about measurements, it's very close to the measurement on the Medela bottles I pump into and Nuk bags.
My only issue is when I put the liner in and use the bottle to measure- it's slightly off so I have to pull the liner out and check the (example) 6oz mark and I am using the bottles that are made for expandable liners so something is off and I like to be as precise as possible...
The playtex bottles are easy since there's no real cleaning everyday - the liners just pop in and out!
The price here is just as good as walmart but it comes right to my door without the walmart craziness :) Would recommend for sure!
No problems with leaking or anything...I love my playtex drop-ins.
Love them.Baby is breastfed.
These work well for childcare providers to transfer warmed milk into.Great price and easy to use.
Shipped very fast!I measured 8 ounces in a measuring cup, then poured it in the liner, and it was a little below the 8 ounces mark on the liner.
We've had very minimal leakage issues.
And I do think there is something to Playtex's claims that it reduces gas/air.
These don't tear and warm easily in a cup of hot water.I started using these when my baby was 1 month old.
I still love how convienent these are.I go through these quickly, so I get a couple boxes at a time.
Both daughters use these with the storage kit.
You get more for your money.
These drop-ins are great quality.
it is by far the slowest slow out there.
the liners are easy to use.
means you can stay out all day with only 1 bottle.
great stuff.I bought these for a cheap price on Amazon, but when I ran out I purchased the "generic brand" at Wal-Mart for a few dollars cheaper than the Playtex brand, they work just as well, and do the same thing.This is my 3rd baby.
We used playtex bottles with liners for our first 2 kids and loved them!
Other than that I love the convenience!I started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day.
Then I came upon these Playtex nursers with disposable liners, and now I only use a regular bottle if I have to.
Valuable time has been saved, now that I'm using these things instead!The only caution I have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements.
Because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid, don't trust the measurements on this.
I noticed the difference when I poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag, and when it was in the Playtex bottle, the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.Aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements, this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my household.I use the Playtex nurser and tried two different generic brands (Walmart and Babies-R-Us) of the bottle liners.
I like that they collapse more easily than the generic, which seem more &#34;molded.&#34;It is very easy to just drop in a sterilized liner and clean the nipple.
Very quick and easy to get a feed in.
Check out the images - you will see for yourself this amazing way to nurse your baby.I have wasted so much milk using these drop-ins.
I bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.
Any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, I've done that many times.
No good.Out of a box of 100 liners, I would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.
I would NOT recommend.I have been using those for months and will keep using them.
I usually rotate with 4 nipples so I always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.The bags don't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk.
I tend to go back and forth between these and the store brands.
I've found that most store brands work just as well and at a fraction of the cost.
Worth the extra cost to continue to buy these.
These are a godsend.Used these throughout the bottle stage with our now 19-month old.
Playtex bottles were the only ones we used and the drop in liners saved us time on dishes which to me was worth the extra expense.We use these whenever we are away from home (take up less room in a diaper bag or suitcase) Took her a while to get used to the nipple on the bottle.
But she's pretty easy to feed.
If there's food in it, she'll figure out how to use it,lol.
I like the whole playtex drop-ins system.
Doesn't leak as long as you line up the arrows.
Great for traveling with baby, but not that great for the environment.We were shopping one night and decided it would be easier to buy formula, liners and diapers from amazon than going to the store.
This product has not leaked and since my baby girl is growing this is perfect for water and formula.These drop-in liners are great.
However, some of the liners were very squished and collapsed already while in the box.
So I had to stretch them out so I could put the formula in.
These are convenient and worth the money.
I recycle them too after use and rinsing.
Good product.Most people look at the drop-ins bottles and frown because you have to continually buy liners for them.
Let me tell you something, IT'S WORTH IT!!
I love not having to wash the bottom part of my bottles.These liners are much better then the bags: it is easy to use, and save lots of time on cleaning bottles!The yin and yang of disposable liners is having to keep buying more.
But it beats washing bottles all day long.I have used disposable drop-in liners from multiple stores (Wally-World, the bullseye store, & various drugstores) and find that they all work just as fine as these Playtex ones do, but at half the price.
Playtex, come down in price and you'll get 5 stars instead of only 4.These liners are a great idea in theory.
The measurements are a nightmare, I have to guess how much breastmilk I am pouring in the bottle.
It would be great if the nipple ring was clear so you could see if the liner is on the verge of pulling free or not.I used these with my first daughter 8 years ago.
The baby will also have less gas since there is little to no air to contend with.
I will be using them to store breast milk for when I go from breast to bottle as baby gets older so the expansion won't affect me any.
I recommend these liners for everyone.These work great for the playtex bottles.
I have had no issues of them leaking, as long as they are put on properly.
The number on the drop ins don't exactly match up with the numbers on the bottle.The playtex with drop-ins system works great.
Makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it.
The liner and the nipple are the only things that come in contact with milk - the liner is disposed off after one use, and the nipple can be easily sterilized.This system works particularly well when traveling.
I introduced these to my son when he was 2.5 months old and we were on a flight for 16 hours.
I simply took 2 nurser bottles, lots of liners, and many nipples.
Made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized.
You should use another system of measurement to figure out how much milk/water you want to pour in the nurser.The Playtex system works well with my Medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners, plus a set ofPlaytex Drop-Ins System Breast Milk Storage KitPlaytex storage rings (which these liners drop into).
That kit comes with an adapter that fits on a Medela pump.
The whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle, and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles.
The thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding.
Also, BPA free which is great!I love this bottle system!
My whole family used these with their children so I decided to try them on my son and jeebus christ these are amazing.
They definitely cut down on gas and are such a time saver!
Out of the whole box of 100 that I purchased twice NONE of them leaked!Works perfectly with the Playtex drop in bottles.
I love this system and wish I had used it with my first child.
This saves so much more time with bottle cleaning.
)I love the concept of these bottles and liners, but they are not a good choice for babies with colic.This product works directly with our Medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit.
It is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another.
All in all, we recommend this product.It did exactly what I wanted.
It lines the nursers perfectly.
Easy to fill, and disposable.
I would still buy them and use them again on my next child.We were told about the playtex bottle by our lactation nurse.
She recommended it because we were having trouble breastfeeding and she said these bottles wouldn't cause too much nipple confusion.
Just put a liner in and you're ready to go.We've used these (and the four-oz size) every feeding since he was brought home 5 months ago.
We couldn't live without!I don't know where I would be without these.
Easy to "drop-in" and you just throw it away.
You can even heat up the milk/formula just by putting hot water in a bowl and swishing the bottle around for about 30 seconds!Purchased these clippers to cut my baby's nails.
They work fine, but are basically just smaller versions of adult clippers, and don't have any safety features to keep you from cutting baby's skin.
Nothing special, but they do the job if you're careful.I like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper.
Just the right size, and leakproof.People...please don't get ripped off.
I went to Walgreens and got a large 50 count of underlayment pads that fit perfectly on our changing table for 3.99  Please don't fall victim to the cute designs and baby marketing gimmicks.
These work...but you can get the exact same thing at your pharmacy for much much less.These are very small in size and "paper-towel-like", kinda feel like napkins that are made with recycled paper.
We bought a pack and just couldn't use it because it is so small.
I'd rather just use paper towel instead if I were to use these.
These work great and have saved our changing pad from being stained!!!
They are just like the paper they put under your chin at the dentist office - and they work great!!!
We use each one a few times - unless it gets dirty on the first use - then just toss it.
!I love these and will be buying more.
I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic.
They absorb pretty well--I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet.
I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it doesn't have time to leak anyway.
I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack.Love these.
They do rip easily, but you'll learn quickly how to handle them to avoid it.
Better priced than most, too.Very handy item to have available.
Heats faster than boiling and more efficiently/safely than the microwave.
If you set it to a lower temperature (between 1 and 2) and let it warm longer, it's easier to prevent overheating.This warmer DOES HAVE an ON/OFF SWITCH, but still no built-in timer (the oven timer works just fine).And as far as the bottle floating around during heating, you can put the bottle in BEFORE you add the water, and fill up the water to the same level as the liquid in the bottle to prevent uneven bobbing.My son is now 1-year-old and no longer uses bottles, but I still use this warmer for his refrigerated baby food and even to warm up a cup of milk for him.well, i purchased this at a local store despite erroneous reviews found here.
its a great device, at first it seemed wasteful since i could just microwave some water (3 minutes), then soak the bottle until it warmed up (3 more minutes) but now i can just pop in a bottle and the whole thing is done in under 3 minutes.
if youve got an extra $40 i recommend it.I use this warmer to warm both formula and breast milk.
I find it easy to use.
The warmer is small, compact and comes with a 4oz avent storage bottle and a spoon for baby food.
Unlike other reviewers, I have an on/off switch at the back.
Personally, I think it beats the running water method (and is much faster).
!The other issue some people have mentioned is that bottles float!
They only do that if you fill the warmer with too much water.
There is a Max line for the water on the warmer and for smaller bottles you only fill water to slighlty above the level of milk.
Just keep an eye on it.My baby is an Advent baby.
I love all the Advent products, but was a little disappointed with this one.
So, for me this was a most have because I have to warm up my daughter's formula all the time.
We have to stand there while it's &quot;warming&quot; a bottle until the light turns off and then when we check the bottle it's still cold.
Having to stand hawk eyed over a bottle warmer with a crying, hungry baby isn't fun...especially when it doesn't warm the first time around.
On the other hand, if the bottle stays in a minute too long, the milk gets so hot that we have to set it in cold water.
Sometimes at 4 min.
the formula was too hot and sometimes at 6 min.
it wasn't hot enough.
There was no rhyme or reason to it, we had it set the same way every time.
We used it for a month and then threw in the towel.So we have used this bottle warmer for over 8 months now.
I have to say, with all the sleep deprived parents using this item, often in the middle of the night, you would think that Avent would be wise enough to put an auto-shut-off feature on this little doohickey.
But, no.
So many times I have forgotten it was in there and burned the milk, but also - and this is the really dangerous part - the light will shut off for like 30 seconds at a time (what they call "blinking", if you can believe that), and so often it will look like it's turned off when there is no bottle in it, but it isn't, and it will just keep heating the water in there until it's all gone.
We have found it on after a couple of hours away from it because we didn't notice the "blinking" light because it was off at the time, and there is no other indication that it's on from the front.
I can't imagine how it hasn't caught fire for other people or melted the plastic when the water is all gone.
Thankfully, I have noticed it before the water was completely gone, but it was almost gone.
How unsafe!
Anyway, I still use it because I haven't found one with an auto-off feature, but will be looking for one.
BAD DESIGN!!
!I give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with Avent.
You may also want to purchase the Avent Sterilizer.
It is fabulous.I received this as a gift and was surprised at how quickly this warms bottles.
The upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.
It's also an easy-to-clean item.We've always used the microwave (most of the time) or a jug of hot water (when a mircowave wasn't available) to warm our first two children's bottles of formula - this worked fine for us as we knew the exact time to make the bottle just right.Unfortunately my third child had to spend some time in hospital when he was two weeks old.
The lack of an on/off switch is a bit annoying but we just turn it off at the plug.
The fact that the light goes on and off as it's keeping the water at a constant temperature is also a bit of a pain as at 2am in a dimly lit kitchen you can just assume you already turned off the plug when you haven't if the light is out.Despite these negatives things, they far outweigh the advantages for us of keeping our son's formula nice and warm.
I wish it was more accurate on the settings.
Bottle sometimes comes out still cold or too warm.I thought the idea of a bottle warmer was a rediculous waste of money before I had my daughter.
It only takes about 8 minutes to heat a 5 oz.
bottle.
Now you can feed the infants room temp, warmed, or cold.
I make the bottles as I feed so I feed room temp.
and actually, this is what my baby likes most.
Sometimes I buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so I warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.I think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.
Just my opinion.The EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer is a very obliging unit.
It services all types of containers, and of differing sizes too.
It's small in size, measuring 5" x 5" x 5 " high.
Thus, it occupies very little room on the counter, or bedside table.
On the front of the unit is a dial control.
It has 3 settings, 1,2, and 3, 1 being the coolest.
Next to the dial is a power light, which serves 2 purposes.1.)
It indicates the unit is "ON" and working, and2.)
For that reason, one must unplug it after each use.
With a rather lengthy cord, 3 feet long, it is very adaptable.
In addition, the EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer is portable.
By that, I mean it's lightweight; it weighs 1 pound, and is compact enough to fit in an overnight bag.
We traveled frequently when William was an infant, and this unit made a nifty travel companion.Pros* Accommodates all brands of bottles* Heats fast and evenly* Compact and lightweight* It's durable* Heats bottle liners without melting the plastic* The basket can be removed to warm oversized bottles, i.e.
Thus, I was thrilled to have a bottle warmer.
Pop a bottle in the unit; plug it in, and in 5 minutes it's done.
The EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer heats fast, evenly, and it's durable.
Let me tell you, this unit got a workout in my house.
I think my success was actually due to reading the instruction manual.
I know ~ "geek alert".
Consequently, running a timer became apart of the routine.
Both were rare occasions.
I generally thawed breastmilk in the refrigerator, and I used disposable bottles when I was on the go ~ outside the house.Here's another tip, adding an internal thermostat with an automatic shut off feature would seriously improve this product.
Whether one turns off a switch or unplugs the unit either way this final step must be completed.
I can NOT tell you how many times I forgot to unplug this bottle warmer.
Now that's a fire hazard!Closing Remarks:When it comes to bottles, Avent is still my 1st choice.
I have learned through research that several manufactures have modified their bottle warmers to accommodate the Avent brand.
I guess that goes to show... input from customers can, and does influence manufactures.
Avent could make a few improvements to this bottle warmer, which would certainly increase the price.
However, I for one would be willing to pay for those added features.
Would you?
While writing this review, I've debated how to rate this product.
I've opted to give this product an above average mark, because1.)
It did what it was supposed to do.
It warms bottles fast, and evenly.2.)
It accommodates plastic, glass, tin, and a myraid of bottles styles.3.)
Warms disposable bottles, and bottle liners, and4.)
It saved me from the stovetop hassles.Happy Feeding,MaryI like this bottle warmer.
It warms up the bottles quickly and that means alot at 3AM with a screaming, hungry baby.
I use the Dr. Brown's bottles with it and they fit fine.
I haven't had any problems with uneven heating or anything like that.
I have even taken the warmer with me when we go to friends houses so I can heat up the bottles quickly.
It causes the formula to overflow from the nipple.
Other than that, I haven't had any problems or issues with the product.
It's an O.K.
model to have.I think the [...].
If you fill the water to high than it doesn't heat as well.
The water is supposed to be just at the level of milk in order for it to heat correctly.
If you fill it correctly it will work.
It works fast too.
A bottle of cold breast milk from the fridge is warm in about 4 minutes.
If you're warming room temperature formula it will be even faster, probably about 2 minutes.
It still works, after 3.5 years, as well as it did when I bought it.
The only thing I don't like is that you have to add water almost everytime you use it, and that it doesn't have automatic shut-off.
I have burnt much milk and formula in my life!
(When you're chasing two kids, it's easy to forget you're cooking a bottle!)
I have put Dr. Brown's bottles in there but you have to add more water for it to work.
I also purchase The First Years Night and Day Bottle Warmer.
One setting gets the bottle too hot too fast, try another setting for 15 min's and you still have cold milk!
I tried to use it for 3 months... finally gave up.
Save the money.
Warm water in the microwave and stick the bottle in that...
Sometimes we need to listen to our mom's and grandma's - they didnt have these and we turned out fine!My sister-in-law told us not to register for this because she couldn't get it to work.
Well, I wanted it and I registered for it anyway.
I used it the next time my friend came over with her newborn and it worked great.
My only suggestions would be to add an on/off switch and a timer.
But other than that, it's another great product by Avent.Save your money.
You can heat a bottle faster under hot running tap water or by heating a bowl of water in the microwave and sitting the bottle in it.
This bottle warmer is definitly not a necessary item.
It heats the milk evenly and to the same temperature as long as you follow the directions.But there should be a timer, or the light should turn off only when this is warm.
The directions are way too complex for a mum and a crying baby.
I received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.
So, I figured she knew what was good and what was not.
And she was right, this works well.
I read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say I've had no problems with this.
With the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble.
The only thing that I dont like of this product is that doesnt have an on/off switch.
Otherwise, its great!!!
( avent products are the best out there...)it's a very practical item, it saves time and avoids forgetting milk/food being overcooked/boiled!is very easy to clean.is not heavy at all, you can carry it everywhere.I got this product as a combo with the Avent Sterilizer.
((Side note: the Sterilizer is a MUST HAVE item!!
The biggest plus is it's faster to prepare.
I thought this product would help with that but it doesn't.
You can get the water to almost boiling.
You have to time it, but again, it's fast and ready to go in 6-7 minutes.I used this for a short time.
It still has many flaws.Now I love Avent items but this one they dropped the ball on.
There is so much they could have done with this that they didn't.
Oh well.Several reviews complain about features of this warmer, but I think it is wonderful.
I use Avent bottles and Gerber baby food jars in it with no problems.
It has three heat settings for how warm you want your bottle and a red light on the front shows when the bottle is warming.
The light shuts off when done, but if you leave the warmer on, it will heat through another cycle.
It heats so quickly though, that you don't have time to get distracted and leave the bottle to get too hot.
Even if it had auto shut-off, a bottle left in hot water will continue to heat and could be too warm to serve to your baby.
The basket inside is removeable and makes it easy to pull out 2.5 ounce baby food jars.
Well my husband said we needed most of the stuff I said we didnt.
But he let me be stuborn and didnt purchase the sterelizer.
Well after 2 1/2 years of boiling bottles, pacifiers, teethers and all that other stuff, I was going crazy.
Yet I still wouldnt admit it to my husband :).
When the second set of twins were on the way, I was ready.
I was going to buy baby wipes warmers, exersaucers, bouncers, swings, the aquarium crib soother and this sterelizer.
Well this sterelizer is my hero (as well as my husband who forced me to get one!).
It cleans about 6 bottles and all of the things that come with them.
(actually it cleans 5 of the playtex airvent ones, but I use avent too).
I did breast feed so it also cleans avent pumps (and my friend managed to get another kind in one!).
My kids love pacifires so those are constantly in there, and so are all those teething rings.
Let me just tell you that you can NOT put a dirty item in here, you still have to wash it a bit.
This just makes sure its really clean, (my kids have maybe been sick 5-6 times, all four of them put together!)
This sterelizer is great, and it uses very little water (I have a purifier so I use pure water).
like another reviewer I HIGHLY RECOMEND TO UNPLUG IT WHEN NOT IN USE!
I will say it again, after boiling bottles and sippy cups and pacifires and teethers all night, REGISTER FOR THIS!
*** P.S...
!We started off sterilizing using the old-fashioned, boiling water in a pot...what a mess and waste of time!
Standing over the boiling pot and risking steam burns ran out of fun very quickly.
It's quick, easy and efficient.
!I have to say, I love this.
Easy to use and most of all,its clean.This one is easy.
Put your stuff in, add a little water then push a button.
Truely a no brainer.
The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that you do have to drain it after each use.
My freind didn't and something started growing in it.
If you take out the racks you can fit a ton in it at once.
You don't have to watch over anything-go ahead and take care of your baby while this one does all the work for you.
I was planning on breastfeeding but when that didn't work out, I found myself making formula everyday, sometimes twice a day.
I can fit 6 Avent bottle set-ups in the sterilizer and it works great.
Two thumbs up for this product!
!It's definitely quick and easy and can hold a lot.
A bit pricey though for what is basically a steamer.I love the Avent bottle sterilizer.
I own two, one for my house and one for grandamas.
It is very easy to wash and fits well on the kitchen counter.
I didnt want to put the bottles in the dishwasher with all the other dishes.
I cant even count how many times i have used this in the past 6 months.
Other reviews said the bottles were very wet when they came out...but if you think about it..they would be after all the sterilizing.
After mine are done i just put them on the bottle dry rack and let them dry.
I think also that the dishwashers water gets hotter than this and does something to the nipples to the bottles.
Ive had some friends who ran into shrinking nipples after putting them in the diswasher.
I would rather be spending time with my children than standing over the stove boiling my bottles and part.
It only takes 8 mins.
I discovered Medela Microwave Steam Cleaning Bags instead, and this thing went in the closet.
If you mess up you have to start all the way over again.
Overall it's an ok product.
But for the price and space it takes up on the counter I would think twice before making the investment.This has to have been one of my favourite purchases for baby - along with the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer.
My husband and I had some controversy going initially on whether this was worth the money or not, and even HE now admits that it is worth it's weight in gold in terms of convenience, ease of use and overall good value for money.
We keep a dish of soapy water in the sink and dump all bottles and binkys in there, rinse them off and load them into the sterilizer.
Within minutes they are done and if you don't open them for a few hours they can stay in the unit until you're ready for them.
I would advise anyone thinking on this purchase to GO FOR IT.
I can fit my entire breastpump and up to 5 bottles in as well as pacifiers in one go.
This has made my life so easy!
I had to dry them on my other rack.
Being they were wet when they were drying, seems like the sterilization got thrown out the window.
Has worked fine so far.
It's not a bad product per say, it just should really dry the items much better than it does.This sterilizer is GREAT!
This only takes minutes and no risk of steam burns!I also sterilized the Avent breast pump and all of its parts in this sterilizer.
For now, this sterilizer is EXCELLENT!
Definitely worth the money!
We also have the Avent food warmer...another great buy!This sterilizer is so easy to use.
It has three adjustable racks for bottles, nipples or other items.
You just put water in the bottom, your bottles (rinsed with warm, soapy water) in the racks, put on the lid and press the button to start it.
It is done sterilizing within ten minutes.
You have to clean it every so often by running it with citric acid (or vinegar) in there and since it has a coil heater, it should be unplugged when not it use.
Basically, it requires very little maintenance when the alternative is boiling bottles on the stove which takes longer and your bottles may easily be ruined.
But beyond that (as far as baby's bottles and bottle accessories/pieces, pacifiers, small plastic toys, etc.)
Lids and nipples tend to turn up in the dishwasher and retain water, and sediment..so what is point if I have to just rewash them?This sterilizer holds 6 bottles, nipples, tops, and pacifiers all at the same time.
You can put breast pump parts in it, and anything else that you need to sterilize.
I used this everyday until my son was 6 months old, when we stopped sterilizing bottles.
The concern with BPA seems to be heightened when the bottles are washed with hot water, or sterilized at hot temperatures.
We bought this sterilizer, but have stopped using it.
However, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot.
The nipples are designed so that you can graduate her to faster flow nipples as she gets bigger.
We are hoping that the BPA concerns will turn out to be unwarranted.I bought this a few months ago and after reading a little about it, I thought that I wouldn't use it.
I use it for all sorts of things.My niece dropped a sippy cup of juice in my car that wasn't discovered for a week.
I washed the cup.
When I removed the valve...NASTY.
I don't think it's ever been taken apart and washed.
After a second washing, I put all of the parts in this and let the microwave work it's magic.I love the lift out tray because whatever's in there that I'm sterilizing isn't sitting in the water.
It can also hold the Avent Isis breast pump.
I leave it on the counter and throw in pacifiers, WASHED bottles, etc all day then throw in the microwave when full.
Uses much less water and energy than running the dishwasher.This product is a true time, not to mention life saver!
It completely cuts the time in half of boiling water.
It is so easy to use, fast, and holds lots of stuff.
This thing is great.
It fits any type of bottle.
I use it everyday.
It so easy to use and fast.
I would wash her bottles and things , pop them in here and in the time it took me to finish cleaning the kitchen or toss some clothes in the dryer this would be done.
I could leave the bottles in there or take them out and prepare for use while sterilizing pacifiers and other items.
I use this sterilizer a few times a day for my baby's bottles and parts.
I don't use Avent bottles - works fine with other bottles.
You have to make sure it's just right before you snap -- otherwise, you will break a nail or two.
Also exercise caution when taking it out of the microwave.
It sterilizes my Avent breast pump as well.
As an aside, don't just rely on your dishwasher to sterilize your bottles and your breast pump.
You can't always depend on one thing to do the job and since it's your baby's health involved here, take the extra step and make sure with this item.
Plus, it's just so very easy to use.This is a great sterilizer and is so easy to use.
They leak and are awkward to hold.This works great.
Wash your bottles and put them in this sterilizer.
Put 7 oz of water and pop it in the microwave for 4 minutes and your done!
I wish I had had this steraliser all along.
Four minutes in the microwave.
Fits four bottles in the center and nipples, etc.
around the outside.
We use it daily.
to the grandparents' house.
If they've got a microwave, then you're ready to go.It's also very durable.
Ours gets lots of use every day and yet looks like it just came out of the box brand new.
Plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to come.This sterilizer is so easy to use even a dad like me can use it.
The tray holds all types of bottles, caps, etc.
I use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.
The water inside and the steam can scald if you are not cautious.
Let it sit for a few minutes before opening, because the water can splash when opening the lid.This is great for anyone with the Avent bottles.
A friend of mine got some of the bottles and the breast pump at her baby shower.
After a couple weeks of use she decided to get this sterilizer.
It's just much more convenient for her.
It is fast and simple to use and holds a lot of bottles as well as my breast pump accessories.
)Buy this simple to use product which will help to keep your baby healthy!No more plugs to plug in or pots to boil.
Just pop it in the microwave and walk away.
Definatly worth buying!
), and quick (3min in all) : it's a great product !Portable and easy to use.
Love the convience and ease of use.
Only need Water and the microwave to kill the germs.
Very convient and can do 6 bottles at a time or even baby spoons, forks & even bowls or cups your choice.
If it fits inside with lid snapped shut then you can steralize it like me.
Remember do not force it to close as that will run seal.It's the best way to go!
Boilng is a good alternative but not everything can be safely boiled and some hot water doesn't cut it for me.
I bought the EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer to save time, and money.
After a brief, and horrible stint with stovetop sterilizing, I began to use the dishwasher to clean my son&#65533;s bottles.
Oh, and I mean USE.
We pay handsomely for every drop that passes through our pipes.
When I saw this sterilizer sitting on the shelf at Target, I snagged it.1.)
It requires a small amount of water, and2.)
There is NO way to confuse the stacking order: the base, the bottle rack, and the lid.
There is no other way to put the thing together.2.)
Keep the manual handy, as the loading order for large bottles, differs from the 4-ounce size.3.)
Add the proper amount of water to the base every time.
Pour 7-ounces of water in the base, load the rack, and pop it in the microwave.
In 4 or 5-minutes it&#65533;s done.
Of course, it depends on the wattage of your microwave.
Smaller microwaves may require more time, but that&#65533;s all there is to it.
It&#65533;s HOT!
VERY hot!
Once the cooling time has passed, 2-minutes or so, remove the lid carefully.
There will be lots of condensation on the bottles, similar to the dishwasher before the drying cycle begins.
Place all the bits and pieces on a drying rack, or hand-dry them.When my son was a newborn, I used the EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer at least 4-times a day.
I cleaned bottles, nipples, breast pump parts, and pacifiers.
Later on, I used the sterilizer on some of his toys.
If it&#65533;s top-drawer dishwasher safe, than it&#65533;s probably sterilizer safe.
We took many trips when William was an infant, and this unit made traveling easy.
It provided a safe place to store the breast pump, and it worked in every hotel microwave we encountered.
I don&#65533;t recall exactly when I stopped using the sterilizer.
At any rate, this sterilizer was seriously tested in our home.
Bad mommy, bad!I can safely say the EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer was worth its weight in gold.
It also sterilizes other pieces like breast pumps, etc.I got this sterilizer after the birth of my daughter and trying to wash all my avent bottles and nipples.
I don't know about everyone else, but I only run my dishwasher at most every other day, and I didn't have enough bottles to last that long when she was eating every couple of hours.
Plus, I find that in the dishwasher little bits of food and guck get stuck in them, especially the nipples.
The sterilizer works great, simply, and fast!
You, obviously need to at least rinse the bottles and nipples before putting them in.
A great product!
When I first started using bottles I would use the sterilizer between dishwasher uses.
But after repeated cleanings in the dishwasher, the ounce markings on the bottles started to fade away, and the plastic caps to cover the nipples started to change color.
From then on I've used the sterilizer exclusively.
It is quick, easy and effective.
In 5 minutes I can sterilize bottles.
The Avent bottles fit perfectly.
I now use the Dr. Brown's bottles and just have to lay them on their sides.
Obviously the sterilizer is using steam and is incredible hot when it first comes out of the microwave.
I ususally let it sit for about 3 minutes or so before removing the bottles.I sterilized bottles and breast pumps the old fashioned way with my first child and in the begining w/ my 2nd child.
NEVER AGAIN!
This is a very simple, fast, effective and economical way to get just about everything for baby sterilized.This product is so convenient.
This way it's all done in less than ten minutes and you can be doing other things during the process.
The only suggestion I would make is to increse the number of bottles you could sterilize at one time.
Great product.I love this.
4 to 5 minutes later, the bottles are all sterilized.
I love this.
I also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (I am a first time mom).
This is well worth the money.
It is so easy to use and comes with extra bottles.This has been a lifesaver!!!
It can sterilize 5 small bottles & nipples 5 minutes at a time!!!
It so easy to use and it's fast just pop it in microwave for 5 mintues and you got everything ready to go.
This a must have for all new moms.This is one product that delivers exactly what it promises.
It will fit anything that needs to be sterilized, including breast pump accessories.
The wattage is simple to use, just look inside your microwave on the bottom with all the info and it tells you what wattage it is and them refer to the manual to see the time.
Highly reccomendedWe initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005.
I loved it then, but I'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child.
Before, putting on and removing the lid used to be a bit awkward.
Now, easy-to-use latches have made doing both completely hassle-free.
All in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if I had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done.
That the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus.
I'd buy the steamer alone.I bought this sterilizer when I was using Avent bottles and it worked great.
There is a place for everything...bottles, nipples, and caps.
Our microwave is 1200 watts, so using this sterilizer saved me a ton of time...bottles were done in 3 minutes!
I had to lay them down and pile everything on top of them.
Does what it says.
All you have to do is add water and pop it in the microwave for 2 mins.
I wish it were a bit smaller, but I suppose its size accommodates large bottles.
It saves my skin from hand washing in scorching hot water  (but I still give things a quick rince in warm soapy water before tossing them in the sterilizer).
It is a lifesaver when pumping and bottle feeding.The only drawback is the space that it takes up - it is about 12 inches in diameter and 6 inhes tall.
We don't need to run ours daily, so the sterilizer works great and takes very little time.
Once I got a lot of bottles, I started running the dishwasher more and this became obsolete.We use this for home and travel.
Just pop it in the  microwave and sterilize.
Very convenient.What more can you ask for?
This is one of those baby products!
I found that when I used the dishwasher bottles and nipples turned colors depending on the food that we ate that week.
(red when we ate pasta).
This is a great thing to have and we still use it a few times a week and my son is 10 wks old.I LOVE this sterlizer!
It is so convenient especially when you dont run the dishwasher every day!
The price is a little high, which is why i bought a used on on ebay.
Best purchase i have made!
I sterlize all my bottles in it, and pacifiers and even some toys.
That was probably just a dumb blonde moment on my part though!
BE VERY CAREFUL!
you will want to use and oven mit or towel to take out of microwave and keep your face and hands away when opening it.This sterlizer is great!
i would reccomend it to everyone!
So far i have been able to fit everything from avent bottles to large 9 oz bottles in it, and even the parts to my gerber breast pump.
The lit will close if you turn it until you find the right position.
It just works perfectly.
My baby is 8 months now and I've been using it since she was born.
GREAT!This is great!
Then I got this for my 2nd and 3rd children.
This sterilizer only takes 7 oz.
of water and it takes 4 minutes in the microwave and your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, breast pump, etc.
are sterilized.
You can't beat 7 ounces of water and 4 minutes of time.
You can't always wait for the dishwasher, which can take 30 minutes of more, plus all the water being used.
So for me, I think this sterilizer is great and it is very convenient.I use this to sterilize my breast pump accessories, the occasional bottle, pacifiers and other plastic toys.
None of which are the Avent brand, but all work well in this unit.
NO COMPLAINTS!
It's quick & easy.We wanted the microwave as opposed to the electric sterilizer because it was cheaper and more portable.
I did not originally register for this item because I didn't think it was necessary, especially since we have a dishwasher.
This is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free.
I mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers.
4 minutes in the microwave and its done.
Its not necessary to sterilize all baby products but when something really needs to be, it sure beats having to run the dishwasher.
There are just the 3 of us so we only need to run the dishwasher about twice a week.
I find that I sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this product.Yet another great product from Avent!
This is so very easy to use and in minutes you have sterilized bottles, pacifiers, toys, pretty much anything that you can fit into the the thing.
We have a dishwasher, but our doctor advised that newborns can be sensitive to the soap the first few months.
Plus with animals in the house, we just like the idea of a little extra peace of mind.
By the way, we started with the electric sterilizer but after reading the directions and seeing it's size we returned it for this one.
It is quick and easy.
Forget boiling water or whatever else, get the microwave sterilizer.This is a great product.
We use the Avent Bottles &amp; Avent Isis Breast Pump and they are made to fit into this sterilizer.
However, it works just as well on other stuff.
You just pop it in the microwave for 5 minutes and everything is sterilized.
We love it.My almost 4 month old son is VERY small (24th percentile!)
so the doctor recomended me buying a sterelizer, in other cases careful scrubing and just putting the bottles in the dishwasher would do, and it can save you some trouble.
Its much less expensive than the other sterelizers that take over all your counter space!
It cleans my bottles very well, and I use mostly avent by the way.
It can also sterelize my 2 1/2 year olds "magic cups" after he gets over a virus or if he had milk (another product by avent).
It also comes with 4 bottles, although my house is a bottle factory as it is!
This sterelizer can also be used as a drying rack if needed.
They only need to be washed in very hot soapy water.
You can only fit 4 bottles in there at a time.
Save your money and wash you bottles well by yourself!This is one of my most used items from my registry.
Originally, I thought I would sterilize my bottles in the dishwasher but someone pointed out to me that that would require running the dishwasher every day.
Instead, you can throw your bottles, nipples and pacifiers in here as needed, and have them sterilized in 7 minutes.
It is absolutely something I would recommend.I bought this one as well as the full size counter version.
In the dishwasher the nipples sometimes come out with the white dish det.
.
.
I don't use the sterilizer every time anymore since my daughter is a little older now.
This sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.
Turns out that we were diagnosed with thrush and had to sterilize many times a day.
Some have complained about the "condensation" but this is really just the very fine mist of the boiled water on the items.
Shows it's working.. just rinse it off with water and put the items in the drying rack.This sterilizer did the trick.
We used Avent bottles and 4 oz and 9oz.
You can get a set of 4 bottles in this thing and it only takes 4 minutes to steam (based on voltage of microwave of course.)
I would recomnd this.I love this sterilizer.
I am a breastfeeding mother and use the Avent Isis to pump milk from time to time.
This sterilizer fits the Isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs.
I wash my bottles out after I use them and put them away.
You don't need to dry the bottles or pump before using, if you use them right away.
When I'm done, I wash my pump and store it back in here to dry.
It stays there until I'm ready to use it again.
It is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well.
BUT we live in post housing on an Army base and our dishwasher is awful and hardly gets anything clean.
It is very easy to use and since I am using Avent products and an Avent manual pump, everything fits great in this sterilizer.
I can even pop pacifiers in there when they fall on the floor.
:)On more than one occassion I've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.
If this sounds like somthing that could happen to you .
.
.
buy this product!
(Or put it on your registry).I love this sterilizer and AVENT products in a whole!
I bought a sterilizer because I don't use the dishwasher at all, and well I just didn't trust it to 'sterilize' my baby's bottles well (especially the nipples!).
It is VERY easy to store and does the job well.
I use it to sterilize my bottles, nipples, caps, pacifiers, teethers and breast pump parts.
I generally sterilize the bottles once a week, but if needed, I can take it out and sterilize her teethers, etc anytime.I own Avent Natural bottles and this sterilizer was meant for the Classic line.
All the holes and positions were specifically made for Classic bottles sizes.Of course it is still usable, though it will hold only 4 Natural bottles (or 6 Classic ones).
I use it daily for sterilizing bottles and pacifiers, and it works perfectly.Just beware of the steam when opening it immediately after microwaving.MODEL SELECTION:There are two microwave sterilizer models marketed by Philips/Avent.
The first is the SCF271/07 (ASIN B001C3KXPG) and the second is the SCF271/02 (ASIN B000056OUH).
Well it doesn't help to take an extra step to go thru a short few minutes in the microwave.
Too much water and you fail to properly sterilize.Check to see the wattage of your microwave.
The model number is usually a giveaway on this.How much is 200ml?
So yes you can sterilize in advance and leave it inside until you need it for the day.COMMENTS:Avent and Philips have consistently provided quality plastic products.
The look and feel is what I have come to expect.
The point of the sterilizer is to allow hot steam to circulate around.
Follow the included instructions and enjoy.We don't have a dishwasher so I throw everything in the sterilizer (bottles, breastpump parts, binkies, etc.
)after washing with soap and water.
It is easy to use, just throw items in, 7 ounces of water and microwave for 7 minutes.
I use this sterilizer daily.I only gave it four stars because I put in the breast shield from my First Years breast pump and it melted a bit where the shield sat in the appropriate slot.
This fits all of my pump parts and 2-3 bottles and nipples.
It's ready in 4 minutes, which is way faster than dealing with the dishwasher.
Overall, it does the job in a very short amount of time!Must have for sterilizing.
So easy, just 10 minutes or less of your time and your sterilizing is complete!
Well worth the price of admission!5 reasons to have the avent express micro sterilizer:- Reasonable price!
!- It comes with an extra value of 4 avent bottles ( it says here that comes with two, but I just got mine and comes with 4!!
)* I used to have an electric sterilizer and as soon as I heard about this one, I got it  and life with a baby it just  became simpler than ever!!
!I saw this and just had to get it.
I like to sterilize my pump once or twice a week, and once a week I sterilize the bottles and nipples.I can't ever wait for the washer to run, so instead of waiting, I just throw everything I want sterilized into the microwave for 4 minutes and it's done.
It's so easy and simple.And it keeps things sterile for 3 hours unless you pop open the top right away!I purchased this and it works wonderful...however, we do have a dishwasher and I find myself using that to clean the bottles over using the sterilizer.
I do still use in on occasion if I don't have a full dishwasher load to run.
If you don't have a dishwasher I highly recommend it!For weeks I boiled my ISIS pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain.
As I was going back to work and my baby had to be bottle fed (thus more things to be sterilized), I found this great product and eagerly bought it.
It's such a great invention!
Everything (pump parts, nipples, dome caps, bottles etc) has slot of its own on the rack so they won't shift around.
:)I was pleasantly surprised to see how EASY it was to use this sterilizer.
This sterilizer accomodates all my Medela pump attachments, Dr. Brown's bottles (that have 5 pieces each!)
and a few pacifiers easily.
All it needs is 200 ml/7 oz of water and a microwave, and in 4-6 minutes you get it done!
Since it's SOOO EASY to use, I also sterilize all my daughter's plastic toys in it.
It doesn't take up much space on the kitchen counter (in fact I store mine on top of the microwave since I'm using it several times a day).
It is quick, easy to use, and fits other brands as well.
We wouldn't want to sterilize any other way!I bought this right after my daughter was born and it is WONDERFUL!!!!!!!
It is used in my house daily and has been for 6 months.
Before I got a Medela pump, I used the Avent hand pump and used this to sterilize it.
Now it is just used for my Avent bottles but it's so helpful.
In four minutes, you have sterilized bottles and parts, 4 at a time.I use this at least twice a day to sterilize my avent pump and storage bottles.
It is fast and easy and I can't imagine going back to boiling bottles again.
A must have for working moms.I have used the Avent "II" sterilizer found at other retailers.
It can sterilize in 2 minutes (depending on the power of your microwave).
You don't HAVE to have this sterilizer, but, it helps if you want to clean a few items without having to boil water each time or running your dishwasher.It came with two small Avent bottles.
However, this is a nice feature so you can try these bottles out to determine if you want to use their bottles or not.I did not originally sign up for this item; it was given to me along with a box of 6 4-oz Avent bottles at my baby shower.
And all it takes is 7 oz of water (I use filtered water instead of tap water) that I recycle every 2-3 uses to avoid wasting water(beyond that the water level decreases so it's best to measure to make sure it's still 7 oz).However, I have a gassy baby and wanted to see if I could switch to the Born Free bottles since several of my friends have raved about them.
She seems to be growing out of the stage of being fussy all night long due to gas so I guess I'll stick with the Avent brand bottles instead of buying a new sterilizer to accommodate using a different brand of bottles.I purchased this along with my Avent bottles before I had my daughter.
Six months later this sterilizer has done very well under heavy use (6+x/day) I quickly learned to use oven mitts to remove it from the microwave.
It does get very hot.
Of course that is the point - no heat no bugs killed!!
Even got the hubbie to use it!
This is one of those items I could not live without.I have the Medela microsteam bags for when I am away.solo viertes un poco de agua en este esterilizador, introduces los teteros y lo metes al microondas y listooo, ya estan excelente para darle la leche al bebe....Pretty good.
Sometimes the side containers pop offThe description states that this is compatible with all the Prince Lionheart Wipe warmers, but if you notice the pictures they have posted only show it with a generic wipes box or just holding the diapers.
There are two small groves in the Prince Lionheart Wipe warmer that allows it to be forced onto it, but the wipe warmer hangs over the edge.The main reason I purchased this diaper depot to hang on the side was to hold the wipe warmer and diapers and save space on the changing table, but I don't think this one is going work.
If you are just using plain wipes without the warmer, it would probably be alright.
It does fit on the side of the dresser we converted to a changing table though.
I always feel like I am going to break it when I put something in or take something out.
My daughter is growing and is very long so the basket was in the way.
It hangs perfectly on my changing table.
I did put a piece of fabric under it so the finish doesn't get scratched on the changing table.
I love having everything right there at changing/dressing time without taking up drawer space.We received the Prince Lionheart Diaper Depot for ease of access to diapers.
I'm curious to see how it will work with the cloth diaper inserts since we're planning on cloth diapering when our baby is out of the newborn stage.
We haven't received our cloth diapers so I have yet to see.
I'll post an update when I get them.I do wish it had a little larger storage for diapering supplies.
This easily slid onto the rail and remedied the problem we had with him kicking the diaper changing supplies to the floor.I like that the little side compartments are removable.
DIsposable diapers are so thin now that the slot you pull the diapers out through could be a bit thinner.
I do often have two diapers come out instead of one.
Even with that issue, this product is well worth the eleven bucks I paid for it.This holds all you need and more.
Worth the money if you are looking for something to keep diapers in on a crib or play yard.Because my changing table is also a dresser, the changing table edge/lip isn't as wide as the dresser, so the diaper depot wouldn't hang on the sides, just the front (no thanks).
It fits a Pampers wipe holder just fine.
It was very simple to put together and was very easy to attach to the front of our changing table.
The top caddy easily holds one of the wipes tubs.
diaper rash cream, tube of aquaphor, etc).
bottles of baby lotion that are bigger than a tube).
This isn't a dealbreaker for me, as it's just as easy to store those items in a bin on my changing table.
It's not a huge issue, but it would be nice to be able to adjust it.
I was originally looking for a dresser top depot, I was unaware this was a hanging one.
Tons of storage space for all the diaper changing essentials!Freed up space on my changing table as baby has grown and now takes the whole length!
Good quality product!
Initially the diapers seemed a little small in the large container but I soon discovered that newborn diapers could be stacked in two stacks which means the container holds twice as many!
Now my son is about to turn one and his size four diapers are a perfect fit, we still use this item every day!I was worried this wouldn't work for us.
We have a Pottery Barn Kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top.
This product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top.
Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in there.I like have this organizer, but on our changer (attached to the crib style) it sits just a little loose.I am giving this five stars although it broke because my fianc&eacute; put a lot of pressure on it for it to break.
Before it broke, I loved it.
It held enough diapers for a two-three days and the side pockets held everything else that I needed for changing him.
But the reason I gave it a low rating is for two reasons:1.
There is a slit on the bottom so you can easily gain access to diapers... this seems great but the diapers stick together and you end up pulling out 3 or more diapers at a time.
Not worth it.We have had this product for 2 years now and it works great!
We hang it off the side of the changing table and it keeps everything handy.
The plastic is thick and it is very well constructed.
The only issue we have with it was keeping the box of wipes from moving about in the space for the wipes.
We couldn't take a wipe out of the dispenser using one hand without either lifting the lid off the box or lifting the enitre box.
Great product after this minor adjustment!I bought this organizer since I will use the pack and play in our living room for changes.
if it was under 10 bucks i may have given it 5 stars.
it seems a bit cheaply made.
i have a regular wipe container sitting on the top and it fits well.
the smaller sized diapers dont fit too well because they just slide around in the little compartment and often more than one diaper pops out when you just need one, but i suppose it was made this way so you can use larger diapers as your baby gets older.I have this attached to the pack & play in my first floor.
It fits onto the side of the Pack 'N Play nicely.
I wish the tub for the wipes box on top was deeper though.
I also wish it held more diapers and that the diaper slot wasn't so wide, because when I pull out a diaper, about 2 or 3 want  to come out at once.
At 8 months he was way too long for the changing pad and his feet were kicking off the products and wipes at his feet.I ordered this product and it got everything off the changing table so he fits now with leg room to kick away without hitting anything.
We put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.A MUST HAVE!!
I love this product.I borrowed this item from a friend when I had my first child.
I loved it!
It stores a stack of diapers, a case of wipes, diaper cream, lotion, etc.- all within reach.
Also, the plastic is clear, unlike a fabric diaper stacker, so you can clearly so how many diapers you have handy.Loved this item, will probably buy it for myself now that I'm pregnant once again!I bought this because I am an Obsessive Compulsive - :) I just have to have everything in it's place.
Love this item.
Organizes everything nicely.
I have to use the smaller 9 oz size.A friend made a changing tray for us that sits on the dresser and I wanted to be able to have wipes and diapers in reach without taking up dresser top.
It is a must buy and well worth the amount I paid for it.
Unfortunately I had to order a replacement because it broke in shipping.
When I received it the size was appropriate, and I was able to attach it to the side of our play yard.
However, I was very disappointed in the quality.
When I filled it with supplies, it looked as if it might break.
I ended up returning it.This model is such a space saver for my small changing table.
Most of them don't fit inside the tray.
It just fits regular wipe boxes.
And the side containers also don't fit very large bottle of baby powder or lotion).
I use mine on my changing table and it keeps everything so handy in one place.
My son is still in size 1 diapers so I do find that when I pull a diaper out another one might fall out.
The last thing you want in the middle of a diaper change is to be disorganized!This goes well with the new Prince Lionheart wipe warmer as well.
We already stocked the diapers, wipes, warmer, etc on the changing table and thought we were ready to go until our instructor at a baby class at the hospital gave us advice on changing our baby.
Another tip was to "have everything should be within arm's reach", as you will want to place one hand on the baby at all times.Upon learning this, I asked my wife "isn't there some kind of "side cart" for the changing table where you can have the diapers, powder, wipes, lotions, rash paste, etc right there?"
She said there was, so I looked to Amazon to find it.
Instead, we got theMunchkin Warm Glow Wipe Warmer - Greenas a gift.
Remember I wanted one that hooks on the side of your changing table "within an arm's reach"There are other products that hook onto the side of your changing table, such asMunchkin Diaper Change OrganizerandDexbaby Nursery Organizer, Whitekind of fit what i'm looking for, but the "shell" is made of cloth.
Cloth makes things flimsy.
Per the picture, it's got 2 removeable side compartments to store stuff like bottles, cotton balls, rash cream, etc.
The middle compartment is for diapers that you pull out from a slat at the bottom.
The top part compartment is for baby wipes, which fits your standard wipe case.
Although the Munchkin wipe warmer we own doesn't fit on that top compartment for wipes, it still does everything we need to for everything else.Highly recommended.For our first child we did not have this awesome little gadget.
Just bought it for baby number 2.
It fits perfectly on the diaper changing station attached to our crib.
No more bending in a hustle!I like this product.
It's easy to fill and the side compartments are very handy.
Also when you go to pull out a diaper of the slot you usually get more than one.An excellent replacement for those fabric organizers that hang off of the sides of things, this is plastic, rigid.
It's a little weird with newborn diapers as they can fall out of the bottom (the product is not exactly as pictured, the bottom is actually open on two sides, which is odd) but it really works well.I am a minimalist and do not like all the organizers that are insanely large.
You can easily hold a day or two worth of diapers, wipes, creams, and lotions.
I have been using this for 9 months and I love it.I love this so much I've started including it in every baby shower gift that I give.
I was skeptical at first, but it makes diaper changes so easy!
Keeping everything in one spot is a must.
We have one upstairs near the changing table and another downstairs near the pack and play.
I am so glad we found this, it works and fits perfectly for our changing table.The only issue we have now is that the wipes are accessible by the child being changed, and sometimes she likes to sit up and try to grab the pack.
I have both a diaper stacker and this.
The diaper stacker is great for a decorative accent and storage of tons of diapers.
The diaper depot is great for holding those diapers handy for the middle of the night changing.
I held Alcohol pads in them for the umbilical cord for the first two weeks.
I have two.
One upstair in the nursery and one downstairs in the play room.
The diapers come out 3 at a time, the shelf for the wipes container will buckle if you have a full container, and the plastic is very flimsy.
I brought this because of the great reviews this product got.
After just one day of using this I decided to pack it up and return it.
I don't believe this product is ment to withstand the test of time.This product can be very convenient for *some* applications.
The lip that allows the item to hang on the side of a crib or changing table is too narrow to fit over the edge of my Pack-N-Play.
Otherwise, a handy product.I have this on the side of our Jenny Lind dressing table.
I fit two rows of stacked newborn pampers swaddlers diapers in it (with the fold facing out), and they dispense just fine.
There is plenty of room to fit everything I need to use at the changing table in the side pockets... and I use the Dex Wipe Warmer with changing light in the area of the wipe holder.
It is a little bigger than the space alloted, but I find that the rubber non-skid bumps on the bottom of the warmer hold it within the wipes space... and since it is raised above the depot's wipes space it leaves room for any extra wipes that didn't fit inside the warmer.
This was a great buy, and I don't know what I would have done without it.
Everything is at a hands reach when I am changing my daugher (6 weeks old now) and I literally can hold her with one hand and reach everything with the other because of this.I actually used this with my Pack N Play and loved the handy organizer features.
I moved it to my changing table after discovering I could order one of those Pack N Play Parent Organizers as a replacement part (even from another company's product!)
Still - this item was very handy.
We attached this right to the side of the changing table that came with our pack and play and it holds everything you could possibly need while changing your baby.
It also keeps our dog from going after diapers!This is one of my most useful baby items.
I hang it on the side of the changing table and it holds diapers, wipes, and diaper cream.
It keeps everything conveniently close by.
You can also hang it on the side of those playards that have changing tables attached.
It has just enough space for diapers, wipes, ointment, brushes, lotion, or anything you may need at your hand's reach while changing your baby.
Would definitely recommend!This hooks right on the side of my pack and play!
Everything I need for changes in one convenient place!I didn't car for this organizer.
It looks cheap and also like it might crack easily.
I stacked for newborn size diapers and size 1 diapers and it fits perfectly, even when I pull one diaper at a time, the other diapers don't slide through it.
I can't believe how inexpensive this item is that comes with a great quality.
It fits very sturdy at the side of Savannah Shore Changing/Dresser Table.
Definitely recommend this item if you don't have enough space in your nursery!!!
!I thought this was going to be a valuable addition to my sons changing table.
Finally the side pockets are too small to hold anything useful.
Butt paste tubs for example, wont fit.
I assumed it would also fit the same brand wipe warmer but it does not.Be aware this product does NOT fit all Prince Lionheart brand wipe warmer containers.
I have the premium PL wipe warmer and it does NOT fit!
If you plan to use it to hold normal plastic container of wipes, then you're fine.I bought this item to hang onto the side of our pack n play.
It didn't work for what we wanted, and we sent it back.
If your looking for something like this for your pack n play, I'd recommend something else.
This doesn't fit over the edge of the pack n play.Perfect for organizing what you need on your changing table.
It is strong plastic and hung perfectly on the side of our ikea changing table.This diaper depot is a life saver.
In the middle of the night, the last thing you want to do is locate diaper, diaper cream, wipes, mylecon, tylenol, breast pads, etc.
Even though the rest of your house may fall apart, this will keep your baby essentials organized!!!!!
Everthing fits in it great.
Smaller diapers may slip though too easy, but bigger ones like size 1 and 2 are fine!!
!I was so excited to get this because of the great reviews.
After trying it out and on the changing table, I quickly realized that there was no way I was going to keep it.
It is made to hold full size bigger diapers.
Then I realized that since I am left-handed, I wanted this to be on the left side of the changing table.
Well that doesn't work, because the dispenser opening to get the diapers would then be in the back!
So I tried it on the other side to see if that could work.
In doing so, I realized that the plastic had left 2 scratch marks on the pretty cherry wood of my changing table!!
The plastic is sharp and scratched my changing table on both sides as I was trying to figure out how to make it work.
Returning it right away.
Several things are wrong.1.
It doesnt fit every changing table.
You need to have a bottom slat or base to support it under the top slat it will go onto.2.
The side compartments keep falling off because they dont attach they just fit over the edges.3.
We can fit diaper cream on one side, and our little man's brush and baby lotion on the other.
I keep hand sanitizer and lotion for me on the changing table between the pad and the edge of the table.
Wish it would hold a little more, but it's great to have the things it will hold within easy reach of our son while we're changing him.We got this in conjunction with Prince Lionhart wipe warmer.
It also works well to prevent damage to your changing table due to the warmer getting hot (which does happen).
As it is, you have to single stack them and there is a ton of wasted space on the sides.
We ended up putting it on a drawer instead and it wroks just fine.
Only thing is that the drawer underneath the one we attached it to doesn't open (the diaper depot gets in the way since it's taller than the drawer).
No big deal.I would recommend this - it saves it space and keeps us organized.For the price you can't beat this item.
I bought and returned a couple of changing table hanging organizers.
This one is what I settled on.
It fits my badger basket changing table just fine.
I like that I can also for my small prefolds (for cloth diapering) in where the diapers go.
It serves its purpose!I have no complaints about this.
I did all my research before purchasing, ie: measuring the size of my daughters changing table...and this was a great fit.
She's now 16 months (yes just writing this review now) and we still use it.
Her size 3 Huggies diapers fit fine and of course you get a lot more newborn diapers in there.
All her creams, lotions and accessories fit in the side compartments.
Very pleased.Very handy to have attached to the pack n play downstairs as our other diapering station.
It even fits over the plastic attachment for the bassinet height.Its great, it fits so many items, i fit like 15-18 size 1 diapers, wipes, bottle of cream, tube of diaper cream, lots of small staff (hair brush, cotton swabs, nail clippers, alcohol pads, etc.)
Plastic is very thick and seems sturdy.
I have an Ikea baby changing station and I needed an organizer that would hang from it, because I can't velcro something through it.
That is exactly why I bought this diaper depot and I love it!
This allows me to use the entire space of the changing pad for my baby.
Otherwise, I'd use some of the space to keep my wipes and diaper on the pad while I'm changing my baby.
As she's growing, I need to be able to use the entire space for her and diaper depot helps me do just that.
It fits our munchkin diaper warmer but just barely and holds about 20 diapers in the storage below.
When you do pull diapers out sometimes 2 or more come out.
The side holders aren't locked in so if you try to pick up the entire diaper caddy just by holding the side pocket it will fall.If you're looking for more reviews of baby registry essentials, read the baby registry guide from AllMomsArePerfect.com.
Mine came cracked, and I didn't have the patience to send it back and get another one, as my baby was due soon and I wanted one less thing to worry about.
I don't know how it got cracked as the box it came in was in fine condition.
Room for diapers, wipes, diaper cream, lotion & more.
Would definitely recommend to all parents of newborns.The Diper Depot works well with our Prince Lionheart whipe warmer.
It's ridgid, plastic construction makes it a stable platform as compaired to the soft vinyl organizers.
i also like that my diapers aren't exposed to dust while sitting inside the diaper depot.
but it doesnt fit my graco pack n play straight, it leans.
*~I love this diaper depot.
Prior to purchase, I thought it might be a little cheap, but it's the exact opposite.
It holds the diaper warmer on top and the side bins are great for nic-nacs like diaper cream, nail clippers, brush, etc.
It stores the diapers in the middle and has slots at the bottom where you can pull the diaper out from the left side or the middle of the depot.
We have a Graco Sarah changing table and it fits perfectly on the front.
The diaper bin has enough space for around 14 size 3 Pampers diapers.I love this item.
I bought this as well as other items for my granddaughters travel crib.
There was no place to put her diapers, wipes, creams, etc.
The diaper depot fits over the the side very nicely, keeps everything in reach.This will also fit a crib.I read in the reviews that this would work on a graco pack n play but it doesn't fit on the side when the napper/ bassinet insert is in.
Once my daughter outgrows the bassinet it will be fine and we still use it right now but it will be more useful when it fits.
It does fit onto the end but sits at angle due to the curve.We use the diaper depot for our Pack and Play playard.
I gave the diaper depot 5 stars despite two things:1) The opening for the diaper stacker is a little big, so sometimes an extra diaper slides out.
I also own the ultimate wipes warmer and it clicks right into the top of this.
I love having this because it's right on the end of the changing table, has everything I need in it and is a life saver.
I wish it could hold more stuff as some of the bottles of baby junk I got are a bit big.
Other than that I love this product and wouldn't do without it.
It needed a little force fitting but worked okay.
The unit has helped us keep everything we need for changes organized and ready.
We've had no trouble with diapers falling out as some have reported.
Yes, the side compartments are on the small side, but they manage to hold a tub of vaseline, a container of Purell, a tube of baby lotion and a brush.We had a pack n play w/bassinet and changing accessory set up in our lower living room instead of always having to go all the way upstairs to the baby's room.
The one I bought came broken into pieces and Amazon refunded me the full amount.
Nowadays I believe no one is using tiny soap bottles or cream bottles as it's cheaper to buy the big ones.
I have it and love it.
It is almost a necessity.
Holds wipe warmer, diapers, diaper creme, hair brush/comb, some q-tips, powder, small bottle of lotion...you get it.
Both are great, but it depends on the type of changing table you have.
To fix this we just taped down the wipe warmer.
I love that everything you need can be placed in the diaper depot and so easy to grab one handed of course.Note:We do not use the bottom basket under the wipe warmer as a diaper storage but instead as a cloth towel holder and it works great, especially if you have a boy and need alittle protection and/or clean up from showers!
and i use the diaper storage as back up when my dh uses last diaper and i and elbow deep in poop, this is a life saverThis is great!It fits perfectly and securely over the side of the changing table.
I was leery about this, since it's plastic and only cost ~$12, but it is AWESOME!
Also, I got it from Amazon two days earlier than it was estimated to arrive (bonus!!
).It is a very solid plastic - it is not flimsy at all.
It's easy to pull out the diapers one-handed (from the bottom slot of the holder).
I recommend this MUCH more than a hanging cloth "diaper holder" - this organizer is SO much more useful!
It also puts the wipes right there - easy to grab!Highly recommended!This is very convenient.
I have it connected to the side of our changing table, which makes it easy for me to have the essentials readily available when time for a diaper change.
Highly recommend.This fits perfectly over the side of our Babyletto crib and saves a lot of space.
I didn't think about this fact before ordering.
Oops!
Hopefully this review will save someone else some time/money.
Best of luck with your new babies!It is just what I needed to organize my changer table.
Also the edge of the changer table needs to be less than an inch for it to fit properly.we bought a second hand pack and play and there was no diaper caddy attached as some pack n plays offer.
I ordered this, fast 2 day prime shipping, and upon receiving it, immediately tried it (empty) on the side of the pack n play.
It fit and appears to be secure on the side so we can use the pack n play changing pad and have our diapering needs close by.Our changing table has curved ends, and it still fits nicely on the end!
It's made from a nice strong plastic, though it would break if dropped like most clear hard plastics, do.
I highly recommend it if you need extra storage or shelf space!After purchasing the depot, I found it does not work well on my changing table (dresser style with fold out top).
It works great!
it started to stretch/tear when i put it in.
It was also a little wonky to size down the length.
At the end of the day, it does what it says and keeps the kid from falling though the railing.it does what a net should do....we set it up on our balcony.
Nothing more to add here as it's a net.We bought a house that for all the other dumb stuff the sellers were asked to do after our inspection both personal and VA, they didn't have issue with the openings between the rails on the stairway.
They are the typical late sixties rails and are metal.
Before you scoff and say how you would just replace them with code wooden ones I implore you to look up the cost of a single family home in the DC Metro area of Potomac and you will likely gulp as you swallow your words!
So this netting is a much more viable and affordable option.
Easy to install and very sturdy if you attach it properly.
Once my girls are old enough I will get rid of the netting and gates and maybe even reclaim the living room as an adult room.
I am counting down the days until I can get rid of it though.i use it in my indoor round stair and patio stair.
to keep my child safe when walking up and down the stair.
easy to install.it does the job, my daughter is discourage from playing with the railing since we installed this mesh&#8230;.
not the best looking product but there is nothing else available in the market.These are safe no doubt.Easy to installShort...So I need two to cover my relatively small balcony.No more toys and even dishes landing on innocent pedestrians.we are in a rental home so needed to set something up that would not leave any marks or damage.
Took me awhile to thread and tie everything, but was certainly worth it.
Installation, however, is worthy of an epic stress fest.
The ties they include are nylon rope, cut into 7 inch or so strips.
Pretty much worthless.
Along the bottom we did use their eye screws that they included.
It would be helpful if they had more holes along the top pre-drilled so where your railings don't perfectly match up you can switch holes one or two inches over.
Same thing for the corner, we found there was a pretty significant gap of where the horizontal and vertical holes met, therefore the corner kind of sagged.
Appear to be durable and safe!This works perfectly on my banister keeps baby safe from falling through the wide opening.
This allowed me to save money because I didn't have to pay a handy man to add more spindles to my stairway banister.Let me start off by saying there is probably no way that I would install this inside my house.
It is definitely not the most stylish or fancy looking safety net.
My condo is on the second floor and while I wasn't concerned about my daughter falling through I didn't want to worry about her throwing her toys onto the deck below.
So I used simple tack nails to tack down the bottom trim to the side of the deck beam and along the top to the rail.
If you are looking for something a little less 'attached' then the twine they supply would work.
My husband went out to buy a tub when we found out we were having another set of twins!
He came back with two of the biggest, most expensive tubs on the market!
Okay they are "pretty" they fit baby VERY comfortably, infant or toddler.
The design is spectacular, but I did give it a meer 3 stars for a reason.1.
It is HUGE.
It practically takes up the entire tub!
So I cant even bathe them both at the same time unless they are on the floor!2.Way too expensive, I mean yes if you have one child this may be the PERFECT tub out there, but baby tubs arent a NECCESITY if you have one (or 2) kids.
ANd I forewarn you, if you want a sink tub, this is NOT the one for you.This is a great bath tub and fits perfectly in my bath tub inspite of its hugh size.
Its has a lot of space for the baby to grow in.
My daugther has always been big for her age, but at age 2.5 and 40" tall, she is still using and loving this tub.
No other hard plastic tubs I've tried fit her beyond a year or so.The primo keeps the water much warmer than a porcelein tub does, which is good in winter- you really notice the difference if you ever have to bathe your toddler in a regular bathtub.
You can't put much water in for safety reasons, and then it goes cold fast.
The Primo EuroBath solves both of those issues nicely.I like that you can fill it pretty full for older toddlers so they stay warm and get to experience the feeling of a real, splashy bath (with toys) without the safety concerns and slipperyness of an adult tub.
We try the big tub from time to time, but at age 2-ish, my daughter is still a bit wobbly, even just sitting in the tub and playing with her toys, and with the big tub being so slippery, the Eurobath feels much more secure for her.
At her size, she can't physically slip and get underwater in this tub (without doing a handstand in it or something)!I also like that you can place your child in the saddle seat end or the more open end.
I just wish I had known about this tub when she was a newborn, as we would not have had to try out and discard 5 different tubs prior to getting this one!We got the EuroBath when our daughter was six months old, and we love it!
Our daughter was able to spread out her legs and splash around, and she still loves it now that she's a toddler.
Although the tub is big, it's definitely worth a little hassle, because it makes bathtime fun for everyone.We got this bath for our newborn.
Unfortunately we weren't able to use it until very recently when she turned 4 m.o.
The issue is that the triangle stopper is very wide on newborn side and my girl was crying when we put her in this tub.
I love that there's the option to let them recline or sit up straight.
While my son is sitting up with no problems now and can catch himself (he's 7 months) I still recline him while I wash his hair so that I can avoid getting shampoo in his eyes.
This is a great tub for babies too big for the sink but too small for the real tub!
I ended up using a small tub that sat on the sink which allowed me to wash my daughter in an upright position so I didnt have to bend over and get achy knees from the bathroom floor.
I had read all the reviews it seemed as tho this was the tub I must have!
But at my Babies R Us store they did not carry it so I ordered from another store for additional cost- I think I ended up spending close to $50 between the $30 tub, taxes and shipping costs when I couldve saved all that time and money and been so much better with a 14.95 tub...which she still can use now at 6 months.
My advice is to buy a smaller tub that you can use in the sink- save your back and spare your knees now because you wont always have the luxury of bathing your child this way long.I bought this when my son was too big for the sink at about 5 months.
We used this for 6 months.
I would hang it from the shower curtain rod with a plastic ziptie threaded through hole in the tub and then one of these "S" shaped rubberized hooks from the Container Store.
After my son started walking and climbing, he just used it for leverage to climb out.
So the eurobath was replaced with a rubber rub liner with suction cups and now he walks around the real tub.Got for my daughter 10 years ago and continue to buy for friends.
Has two ways to sit - more of laying down side and a sitting up side for when baby can sit up.
If you don't have a deep enough sink for the puj tub, this works well for small babies too.this is our 3rd (and surely, the last and the BEST) baby bath tub!
depth of tub allows for baby to be partially submerged in water keeping him warm throughout his bath.2.
holds baby safely in place allowing me to wash him using my 2 hands.
great anchors for the baby's arms.
drains fast.net, this is the best-ever tub we've laid hands on.
It's been a great item and our son LOVES his baths more than ever.
The way the tub is designed works out perfectly for our wiggly toddler - it "holds" him in place so that he doesn't slip under.
Two tiny prices to pay for a great tub - I would definitely recommend it and I would purchase it again.We gave our baby his first bath in this when he was only 5 days old, and we're still loving it now that he's almost 5 months.
It is a large tub (almost as long and wide as our standard bath), so I don't recommend it if you are looking for something easy to store.
However, if you have a dedicated child's bathroom where you can keep it, then this is a great baby bath tub.I use this tub along with the Safer Bather and absolutely love it.
While on vacation at a friends home I about lost my mind without this tub.
She had another baby tub and my daughter was sliding all over the place.
I have used the Eurobath with the Safer Bather from the start with my baby and she doesn't slide anywhere.
She is now 8 months old and loves to kick and play in the water.
I plan to buy this for my friend when she has her next child.
I think every parent needs a safe tub.After reading all the reveiw on this, I believed I HAD to have this tub.
Buy the sponge - it is a couple of bucks and really all you need, in my opinion.We just sold it in our garage sale - I think we probably used it about 3-4 times before we gave up because of the hassle.The infant side of this tub wasn't very comfortable for my newborn, she kept slipping and the middle portion that is supposed to keep the baby from slipping is a bit awkward with its triangular shape.
It is also a HUGE tub.
I'll give it another shot when my daughter is about 3 months old and will hopefully have grown into it.After I read all the reviews here on Amazon, I bought this bathtub right before the baby was born.
I had received 3 different baby tubs as gifts and returned them all and I'm glad I did.
The baby is now 6 weeks and I can say that it is a well designed tub.Pros: Works great for newborn and the baby can continue to grow into it.
The baby feels safe in the built in cradle for smaller babies.Cons: Only downside is it is super big.
My son was 5 months old when I bought it, and he is now 14 months... it works great for us!
He is just starting to outgrow the small side (and he is very long for his age), so we just switch him to the other side or put him in the big bathtub if we wish.
I love that this tub is BPA free, and it cleans/dries very well.
It is large, but has plenty of room for your child as he/she grows.
One of my most useful buys!We have 6 children & have fostered several.
I have gotten rid of this tub twice thinking we were done just to have to buy a new one.
We absolutely love this tub!My daughter is 3.5 years old and I have been looking for a large enough sturdy bathtub for her.This one is just perfect in every aspect.It is large and deep enough for a toddler and very comfortable and stylish.My daughter is thrilled with it and loves her bathtime in her new Primo Euro Bath.It is easy enough to empty out the water and it fits perfectly in a standard bathtub.Definately a good buy.I would not reccomend it to parents of a newborn or a small baby.This is more of a second baby bathtub.This infant bath is huge!
It's got anti-slip for infants and same goes for the toddler position.
(I'm guessing the depth has something to do with safety).My brother who just has his daughter said his Primo tub was too big so he wanted to switch.Pros..it's bigConsit's too big and waste a lot of water.
over twice as much water as the FP whale tub.
He loves bath time with his Fisher Price Whale tub since he was an infant.
Never once saw my son slip on the Whale tub.
That was my thought when purchasing this tub.
The idea of being able to use one tub from birth to age two seemed very efficient.
While I do love this tub, if I had to do it again, it wouldn't be the only one I'd buy.
She just wasn't big enough for the supports to be very effective.
I put it away and just started bathing her in the sink.
It was only at about four months of age did I feel she could fit into this tub comfortably.
At that point she was in the 99th percentile for height and weight, and she fit into the EuroBath very well.
Now, at a year old (and about 27 pounds!)
we still use the infant/reclining side, since I love the extra help the molded parts give me while bathing her.
We will probably transition her to the toddler side in a month or so.
If I had known that I wouldn't use this tub early on, I would have bought a Puj tub or something similar for the sink for those first few months.Other that that, we love the tub.
It's big, but that's a key feature.
If you don't want a huge baby tub, try some of the other offerings.
Used this for two kids.
I felt like I could at least turn away from my baby long enough to fetch a washcloth or towel and know he would be safe.
Plus, once they get old enough it's great that they can splash in the water without having to fill your whole bathtub.
If you have a small bathroom, anticipate having to store it IN your bathtub.When I first got it I through we don't need this until baby is older but since he is able to sit upward we are using this.
He is a fast growing baby only one yr old but already bigger than many 18 months.
So fur this is the winner.
Kept my son, comfy, warm, secure and safeI have had this tub for at least a year and a half now, and I still love it.
My chunk 26 month old can still fit in it comfortably.
It is exactly what I needed.
I am able to bathe my little one without any help.
She is able to kick her feet and feels cradled and secure up by her arms.
We store it in her bedroom after it dries because there is no room in our bathroom for it.
That is the only downside, but it doesn't take away from the product at all so I didn't lower the rating.
I've tried other models when watching my friend's kids, nieces and nephews.
Of the ones I've tried I felt that the molded ones don't grow well with the kids, and the ones with padding, foam, or the slings never get as clean as you want them.
I got this one based on the reviews, and none of those things have ever been a problem.It was a little big when my baby was a newborn, but I just lined the reclining end with a small towel (rolled up a bit at the bottom to give her a boost) and it propped her up perfectly.
The grandparents didn't have a baby tub, so I had to bathe her in the sink when visiting.
That free hand can be priceless!
I went so far as to bring it on vacation with us (for her and the 2 other babies there) - just packed a bunch of her stuff inside and threw it in the back of the car!
She is a year old now and she still fits just fine.
We lay her back to wash her hair in one end, and when she sits up she can spin herself around to the other end to play.
As a little bonus, now that she is mobile, using this tub keeps her contained.
I went to Lowe's and bought one of those giant, locking suction cup hooks.
I stuck it to the top of the tub wall opposite the shower head.
It holds the tub, and we still have plenty of room to shower.
Our mesh tub toy bag hangs neatly out of sight underneath it, and as a bonus the toys aren't soaked every time someone takes a shower.
But - lesson learned - it only takes a second to lock the hook.
After her bath I just tilt the entire tub up to dump it, wipe it out with one of those Lysol or Clorox disinfecting wipes, rinse it and hang it up.
My baby liked it better.Primo claims that the &#34;Eurobath is the only bath tub you'll ever need&#34;.
Now that we've tried it, we wish we'd have gotten the Eurobath right from the start.PROS:- Fits in our standard bath tub- Can be hanged (we use a Command hook)- Keeps baby comfy and safe for months on the &#34;baby&#34; side (at 7 months old, 18 lbs and over 28&#34;, our LO still uses the &#34;baby side&#34;)- There seems to be lots of space on the other side for when we're ready for it- Empties fast and easily- Actually saves water because it's so wide that there's no water loss when filling from the tub spout- No mold issues- Baby loves it!CONS:Haven't found any yet.First, this is for our 3rd baby and it's our 3rd tub.
I love the fact it's big.
At first we used the infant position which worked great.
After a year, he is still using it and fits perfectly in it.
The tub went through a lot of banging, crayola drawing and stuff like that, but it looks great, and works like new.
It fits well in the large family bathtub but also on the worktop next to the sink when my back is too sore to lean over the bath.
The small plug is very easy to use too and means you can drain a little water to top it up if you need to.
But my baby outgrew the one first one I bought so I ended up buying this one and I wished I bought this one in the first place!The tub is large so it holds more water.
My baby loves playing in it!
It prevents my baby from sliding.The toddler side is great too!
My son enjoys sitting up and playing with his floaty toys.Don't be intimidated by the size.
It has ones side where she can lie down and the other side where she can sit up.
She is now 8 months and sits very well on her own.
She'll use the sitting up side for part of her bath, but still very much enjoys lying down on the other side.
Thankfully someone bought me an infant tub, and thank god its this one!
Great bath tub for babies because it provides the back support for babies.
However as your baby get older, you may have to switch out of the bath tub since it doesn't provide much sitting space for older baby.
Great bath tub still.It is a great bath tub for my newborn!
You can actually enjoy to give a bath to your baby by focusing more in cleaning and playing with the baby than worring about finding a way to hold him to avoid him to drown.
We use it in conjunction with the Safer Bather bath pillow and our 6 month old just loves bath time!
The tub is incredibly well constructed, with a convenient drain at the bottom.
It is longer than many tubs, but you can use it for a very long time and it stores conveniently right inside your bathroom tub or closet.I HIGHLY recommend this product!I bought this tub after my 5 month old son started to become too big for his other infant tub.
The tub is roomy and the grooves hold him well.
I imagine that this tub would be great for a newborn as well.
I finally bought this bath.
He fit in the tub very nicely.
He could finally kick and splash in the water.
In this bath he can splash the water with his hands too.
He stayed in the bath for 40 min splashing, laughing and cooing nonstop.
No matter how much he moved, he stayed well secured.Great bath!
Yes it is big, but that is the point!We chose this tub because of the molded infant side and the big toddler side.
We started using this tub when our son was three weeks old, and he just seemed so small in the tub.
A few weeks later, he flipped out of my husband's hands and landed face down in the tub, so we discontinued use of the tub until he was about 4 months old.Now that he's older, he loves it!
He loves it, and the middle core keeps him from sliding around too much.The biggest setback with this tub is it is huge.
We keep it in the tub of our spare bathroom, and it takes up most of the tub.
I am very suprised that this tub got such great reviews because of the size of it.
My son is lost in it.This is a BIG tub, but it works.
I bought it because you can use it for newborns as well as toddlers.
I wish there were some kind of gripper for them to lay on, we use a towel so he doesn't slide around as much.
It had a mesh sling in it to use when the baby couldn't be submerged yet.
We used the F-P tub for about 4 months.I checked bathtub reviews inBaby Bargains: Secrets to Saving 20% to 50% on baby furniture, gear, clothes, toys, maternity wear and much, much more!
(a great book to get to research baby gear) and found this bathtub.
It has guides for the baby's arms and legs and a crotch post to keep him/her from sliding down.
Our son was comfy and in a reclined position.
When he didn't want to be laying down for baths anymore, we switched him to the other side where he could comfortably sit up and play.
We used this up until recently when we started putting our son straight in the big bathtub.For a long time, we used this on our bathroom counter.
At some point, we started putting this tub inside our bathtub.
He is 18 months now so we probably used it for about 14-15 months.Pros:-nice supports and guides to keep your wee babe from sliding all over the place-sunken areas for storing soap/shampoo-bigger area for older babies-recommended use for up to age 2-drainage holeCons:-BIG.
This tub is huge-we had some issues with leaking from the drainage hole, but it was very little water so we just wiped it up when we were finished with a bath.
We bathed our daughter in this from new born until 3 1/2.
Found it to be safe and secure as one side is more shallow for the newborn.My newborn squirmed and cried bloody murder during her sponge baths so you can imagine how nervous I was to immerse her in water for her first real bath.
(No need for two sets of hands).
When she "fouled" the water, I used the drain to quickly empty the tub and then refill it before continuing with the bath.
My mother saw the tub and scoffed why would anyone buy a tub when they could just wash the baby in the sink.
Then she saw how easy and effortless bath time was and she was sold.
My newborn actually likes getting a bath now, hence I now enjoy bathing her.
It's worth every penny.Things to know:1) The tub is big.
Start on one when she was a newborn, but then as she got older, she moved to the other side.
About 2 months into it realized that the plug actually suctions to the side on the tub, so the water flows easily.
It is bulky though, so you need to have space in the bathroom to store it and to use it.
before my baby could sit up, it was a huge help to have both hands free to wash him.
I tried one of the seats first, which pinched my baby and was really uncomfortable.
Second I tried another tub, I wish I could remember which one to warn you, but she just kept on slipping down to the bottom of that one despite its "no slip surface".Finally I tried the EuroBath.
Its great for itty bitty babies, big babies, and even small toddlers.
I used it all the way until my daughter was large enough to go into the tub herself.Only down side is that its huge.
Love this bathtub.
I was looking for a simple plastic design so that the tub would be easy to clean/sanitize with no mold issues.
The PRIEuro has no crevices.
I have been using this since LO was 2 weeks old.
She is 4 months now and still loves it.
Looking forward to using this until LO is a toddler!Baby Bargains rated this tub as their top pick for 2011.
I wish I could chime in with other reviewers and say how great it is, but I had some issues with it and thought others might benefit from my experience.
First of all, it's HUGE.
If you have a large bathroom with a nice long countertop to work from, then this wouldn't be a problem.
My baby was born under 7 lbs., and would've just slipped right out of the molded section unless I kept at least one hand supporting him at all times.
At 4 months and 12.5 lbs., I'm using a towel under him because I'm still afraid he'll fall out.
If they're at the point of where they're sitting up, you could just use your regular tub to bathe them.
I'll use the baby tub, simply because I've already purchased it, and it will save water, but all in all I wish I had gotten something else.
He absolutely LOVES it - he kicks and splashes and has so much fun in the bath!
It's very supportive, but at the same time, he has a lot of freedom to play.
Our 7 month old nephew took a bath in it the other night, and he loved it as well.
He sat up where my son lies, and also had support and freedom at the same time.
It's too large for our kitchen cabinet, but it works well inside a bathtub.
I would absolutely recommend it to any and every parent and/or grandparent.
Just be ready with your video camera the first time you put your child in it!I got this tub on the advice of previous reviews and have to agree it's great.
It is big, I store mine on it's end in our linen closet and set it on the kitchen counter for baths.
My girls slipped around a little on the infant side until I put a burping cloth under them.
The wet fabric helped keep them in place.
The force of the draining water blows it closed so I have to prop it open by sticking a pair of scissors through the hole.This tub is great for my 19 month old.
It's the first tub we've had, and I predict it will be the ONLY ONE we ever have.
I have used it for my 3 month old since her first water bath and I have had NO problems.
It IS a large tub to store, but I don't mind since it makes our bath times so fun and easy!
I actually put this tub into our bathroom tub for bathtime - fits perfectly.
When her bath is finished, I simply dump her water into the large bathtub to drain and store this one away.
There is a drainage hole and pipe for easy draining if you choose to use it somewhere other than a bathtub.
I think I would be scared to put a baby littler than that in it though.
It is a HUGE tub.
I love the little sections to put his shampoo and soap as well.
I love the little "out spout" it has too to empty it.Your baby will have support with this and can lay in it alone.
This means your hands will be free which is great for a quick bath if your baby is like mine and cries during the whole time.We registered for this site unseen based on the reviews.
It greeted us on the porch of our house when we arrived home with the baby.
At first, I thought a refridgerator had been delivered!
(Okay...slight exaggeration.)
But it was HUGE.(...
)Wow -- where do I begin?
We bought this tub before our daughter (first child) was born.
We chose it based on the rave reviews of a trusted friend and the advice of NICU nurses in a baby preparation class we took.
The baby sits in what reminds me of a western-style saddle with the piece in front that won't let baby slip down -- even as a newborn.
Our daughter's very first bath was in this tub just the way it's pictured here (no infant insert needed).
She'll be 22 months-old next week and still fits in this tub.
We expect she'll fit in this tub well past her 2nd birthday.
Now THAT'S what I call bang for your buck.We got one of those inflatable duck tubs for our daughter's first birthday as a gift.
We blew it up tonight thinking maybe we'd start putting her in the adult tub with the duck since she splashes us a lot now and soaks the walls when we use the eurobath on the bathroom counter top.
To our dismay, we found that the duck inflatable tub was way too small.
We assume other inflatable tubs will be too per their dimensions.
In addition, the duck tub was so narrow that our daughter's bath toys would have been piled up on her lap.
In the eurobath, even at nearly two, she still has plenty of room to sit and play with all manner of bath toys.
We'll probably just start putting the eurobath in the adult tub for a while now until she outgrows it.I cannot say enough good about this tub.
Other tubs may have "spa" features or temperature devices but they don't hold a candle to this tub.
You can buy a cheap rubber duckie bath water thermometer at any baby store and they work fine.
We do, that's for certain.My baby is one month old and we love the eurobath!
It also has a plug on the bottom which makes it easy to empty.
I love that it holds an older baby too.PROS:This tub is PERFECT for my 6 month old.
She still uses the lying down position.
(It looks like there are holes for one but there's nothing to buy from Primo).Our solution was to place a folded towel beneath her in the bath which did work great and provided her comfort and support while bathing.
I think this tub would be good for older infants or toddlers but not for our two month old.
Hopefully in the future we can use it again.Bathing my infant girl has been so easy thanks to this bathtub!
I started using it when she was just three weeks old, and the contoured infant seat supported her just fine.
She is six months old now and loves her bathtime more and more each day.
She still fits comfortably in the infant seat and is able to kick and splash very easily and safely.
I can already see that the tub is designed so that a baby can sit in it with the bare minimum amount of slipping and sliding.
Yes, it is much bigger than most tubs, which makes it impossible to store anywhere but in your own tub or shower stall, but it is worth it, because I know that we will be using it well past her first year.After they outgrow the infant tub this is awesome.
We had it for our first and got rid of it thinking we weren't having more.
But we had another one and had to have this tub again.
It will last well until he is 2 and works wonderfully.Arrived caved in from shipping.
If a plastic tub can't endure shipping, how can it handle a growing toddler?
I ended up ordering the hoppop bath, which I love.
The PRI tub certainly wasn't worth the $50 I spent.
My baby kicked sideways from the get go.
She just chills out in it while we scrub away!
It also has a plug in the bottom.
We lived in a small one-bathroom condo when I had my first baby and it was difficult to find a place for this thing since we had to take it out of the tub every time we showered.If you have a bathroom that's just for the baby where you can leave the tub in there all the time, this tub is perfect.
Put a wash cloth down and, as always, watch them closely!
As he got older we were able to let him splash and kick and explore so much more because the back is so supportive.
Yes, it is a little large, but it has a drain in the bottom and we just stored it in the regular bathtub when we werent showering.
Recommend it to all my moomy-to-be friends.We didn't buy this seat until our daughter was 4 months old, because we were previously using the Puj tub.
I only wish we had bought it sooner!
I love the fact that it is non-toxic plastic, made in the USA, and can be used for many months.
One side has a cradle seat for younger babies, and the other side has a round piece that keeps older babies who can sit up from slipping and falling.
Right now our daughter is using the cradle piece, and loves that she can splash around.
When she can sit up, we will put her on the other side.
We will feel much safer putting her in this knowing that she won't be able to slip like she would in the regular bathtub.
The moulded shapes hold my baby nicely and allow me to have my hands free to bathe him properly.
We have been using it since he was three weeks old and it still works well.
We always lay a towel in the bottom to keep him from slipping around and for comfort.
This tub is huge, which I was aware of..it's one of the reasons I love it.
My son who is almost 8-months, looooves the freedom this tub gives him.
He splashes to his little heart's content.
I still have to have one hand on him at all times because he likes to reach for things and squirm and he has taken a couple headers into the water, which he didn't seem to mind, where it gave me palpitations.
It's a lot of work to hold him in place while he's kicking and splashing, while also trying to bathe him.
Plus I had more control over her in the bath versus struggling with this giant thing.
She  kept sliding down, even when we used a  towel under her.
I used it a couple times, now a year later it sits in our closet.This is a great product!
The tub is well-designed and comfortably keeps my 5 month-old baby in place while I'm washing him.
Our son loves to kick and splash in it.We originally had the Fisher-Price Aquarium Tub, which was great for our newborn - 4 months.
After that, it became really uncomfortable for our son.Used it for 1st time today.
We just graduated from that 1st year tub (with sling) since he look too big for the other tub.1 less star for the scratches and dirt on the tub when it arrived.
Well it's a molded plastic.
Nothing fancy.
Very well shaped though!My husband and I love this tub.
So roomy and it's very clean/sleek looking!
Our son was very cramped in his smaller tub at just 4 months of age!
His toes would reach the end of the tub!
From 0-4 months, the smaller tub was great for our son.
It also allowed us to bathe our son standing up because the smaller tub fits on top of the kitchen sink.
If you have a smaller baby, I don't recommend this for your newborn!
There is plenty of room and I think we'll begin to love this more once she is old enough to sit up.
Super useful and will be used for much longer than a typical baby bathtub.
It is very big, but much better than the others available in my opinion.
I like that there are two sides- one for a reclining baby and the other for a toddler sitting up.
She still manages to swish herself around face down, despite the little barrier that sits between the baby's legs.
They can manage all sorts of crazy things when left to their own devices.The only reason I didn't give this tub 5 stars is because the white tub develops a little brown spot where her bum sits.
I've tried scrubbing it with baby-safe detergents, but it won't come off.
It seems to be permanently stained.
I'm too afraid to try bleach in that spot, since it's where the most sensitive part of her body rests in the tub.
If I could have gotten another color for the same price, I would have.This tub is the best- I wish I had bought it sooner.
I saw this tub listed in Baby Bargains (great book!)
and decided to try it.
I never used it for my son when he was an infant, but you can put the baby in one way and they recline, then face them the other way once they can sit up.This thing is fabulous!
My son has a ton of room to splash around and play.
In fact, now he hates to get out of the tub since has so much fun in there.
Our 24 in tall 2 month old outgrew her 4Moms CleanWater tub and we wanted to find a tub she can continue to use as she grows.
She loves this tub as she can kick her feet around with plenty of room.
It seems to be made well and is super sturdy, we have been using it for a month and I can see using it until she grows out of it.
I lay my kiddo down to bathe him but allow him to sit up to play.
I built my own to elevate the tub 6&#34;-7&#34; in order to save my back.
Plus I feel safer being able to reach the baby easier.2.
It doesn't drain fully on its own - it must be tipped later on after the baby is out.3.
The middle support piece could be taller.
For the most part, it holds my 6-month-old in the reclining position.
However, the does a full-body kick (like in professional wrestling to escape a pin), and has almost managed to throw his whole body onto the top of the supporting piece.I needed a bathtub that would work for both my infant son and my 3.5 year old daughter.
My daughter freaks out in the bathtub, and I thought that getting a smaller tub would help her to feel more secure.
I also needed a new infant tub.
I think that the plastic could be a little bit thicker, but I think it is durable enough to withstand several years of use.Newborns can be so wriggly &amp; this product was a great help at bath-time!
Especially for 1st time parents!
The design holds baby in place &amp; our 1 month old (who is almost rolling over already) stays put during bathing!
The only change to this product I'd recommend is a foam liner where baby sits/lies.
I went to a craft store &amp; bought some for cheap &amp; installed it myself (used a towel as a 'liner' the first 2 baths).
Also, it is quite large for counter-top use but we made it work in our master bathroom, too big for the kitchen.
Really a nice product, helped me feel more comfortable about bathing a newborn!Update at 4.5 months age:  I stand by my statement above in that this is a great product - IF you use it.
Still would have liked for a layer of foam against the back, as said above I did my own!I bought this when my 5 month old got too big for his small baby bathtub (he was 20lbs then).
Exactly what I needed.
Super easy and my son had so much fun taking a bath since he could play with a couple toys.
He is 30 pounds now and for him if he leaned over the side he would start tipping the whole bath.
But I think it's pretty sturdy, maybe just that my boy is a big for age.
Lifesaver for me when he was 6-12 months though!
And it still looks brand new now, so I can use it again for next baby.My son is 7 months old...we've been using it since he was approx.
1 month.
We used one of those "bear" shaped bath sponges to support him a little when he was tiny, but we're still using this tub and we love it!
He's now able to sit up and play in it.
I can see we'll be using it for a while!
It is large....you'll need space to store it or in our case we just keep it in the tub in our extra bathroom!
You and your baby will love it!We just recently stopped using it for our 18 mo old just because she can now sit in the regular tub but this little bath tub was great!
We use it inside our full sized tub.
My son who is almost 3 still fits in it and I used it for my newnorn daughter as well.
We could have used this the whole time if we'd had it!
It is very large and fits perfectly in our existing tub.
One side is sloped for reclining.
Makes hair washing a breeze if your older baby will stay reclined!
My son no longer will!
The opposite side is a little deeper for older babies.
There is a drain plug built in that hasn't leaked on me yet!
This is a great tub for her getting ready to sit up on her own.
It is big, and takes up almost the whole bathtub, but it beats the others since it creates her own bathtub.
There is plenty of space for her to kick and play.
We've used it in two of the homes we've lived in, and it's worked great in both.
This keeps baby's head elevated even when he can't support it; but baby can sit up on his own later in the other end...
Win win!I received this as a gift.
I didn't use it until my daughter was 5 months.
This is by far my favorite.
This tub is very big and holds an ample amount of water.
I love that it is molded inside to accomate young babies and later on toddlers.
While the baby is young, the infant molded side is great.
There is plenty of room to fill the tub and keep the baby covered in warm water.
There are even spots to hold soap, shampoo or wash cloths.
I like that and I always put my stuff in these areas before I even start the bath so that everything is right there and I don't have to reach for anything.
Once your baby can sit very well, you move him to the toddler/sitting side.
He loved to play and carry on.
He kept on trying to stand and he kept slipping and smashing his little behind and nether regions on the molding.
I packed it away and brought it out when my third son was born.
Overall, I love this tub.I had the previous version of this same tub with my older children (a hand me down).
I LOVED it.
Thinking I was done having children, I gave it to a friend.
Several years later, chose to have another child and ordered a new tub.Improvement: This one has a plug you can pull out, rather than a tube.
HUGE improvement, as the previous version was prone to mildew in the tubing, and yanking the tube to help with drainage was problematic.This tub can hold a brand-new baby.
One side has what looks like a slide with sides.
It actually supports the baby, and holds it to keep it from slipping.
It also has a support between the legs, again to prevent the infant from slipping.
At first sight it seems HUGE.
It's because the tub has two "sides".
One for infants who need to lay reclined, and the other is for older babies/toddlers who can sit up with minimal or no support.
Other reviews state that the drain is slow, but I wouldn't know....I use the tub inside our regular bath tub and dump it when we're finished.
Our tub is stored hung on a nail on the bathroom door or turned over in the big tub.
It's very ergonomic for baby and allows whoever is bathing baby to use both hands for washing.
Have been using this tub for about four months and have NO complaints.
It has an end for the infant and an end for the toddler!
Worked really well for us and we never had to buy two sizes of tubs!
She was too tiny for her arms to fit in the arm places, but it worked perfectly because she fit snugly and securely in the place that the body is supposed to go.
Baby won't slip under the water because of the plastic mouldings, so you can have both hands free to wash and reach.
Once our baby was big enough to sit up, we put her on the other end (toddler end), and she plays and splashes, while still having the plastic molding so she can't slip back into the water.
She's 18 months old now and we fill the tub to the brim in the big bathtub.
This is a large baby tub, but it stores easily in the bathtub, cleans up very easily, and you will be able to use it for 2 years at least!
Well worth the extra $$.When I was pregnant and looking to buy a tub I went through every review on Amazon to see which one people liked most.
This tub's contoured bottom made it so easy!
There is a place designed specifically for your baby to rest comfortably without you having to hold them.
Your baby may be a little small to fit snugly at first.
If that is the case, use a towel underneath them to hold them in place.The only people that should maybe hesitate to buy this tub are those with very limited space.
It is HUGE!
My bathroom isn't exactly spa size so I store the baby tub inside my tub.
I simply fill it in my bathtub, sit on the floor and bathe my son, then when I'm done I tip the tub up and let the water drain.
There is tube that you can use to let the water drain from so you don't have to lift the tub, but I find it faster just to lift it up and dump the water out.Other than those with little storage space I see no reason why anyone shouldn't buy this tub.
I think the reviews themselves show how much you and your baby will love it!My son is 9 months old and could be bathed in our regular bath tub without issues.
However, bathing him in the tub kills my back!
But when he was a newborn he was able to lie down and be well supported.
It is large and spacious and I think it could easily be used well into the toddler years.
I'm hoping to find a way somewhere in here to get my toddler to enjoy bath time, currently its like war just getting her leg wet!
Its big enough for a toddler and perfectly built inside for a smaller infant.This was a life saver!
Best bath tub for its side.
Lightweight and enough room for my LO who is 8 months old to play.This was the ONLY bathtub I purchased, based on all of the stellar reviews, and BOY was I disappointed!!
My baby was only 6 pounds full-term, and this tub was HUGE!!
Even with the so-called supports the tub has, she still slid all over the place, and I still had to lean over the side of the tub and hold her very carefully!
she HATES the tub and we're still doing sink-side sponge baths!!
If I had to do it again, I'd get one of the smaller tubs that has the sling-type support!
IF YOUR BABY IS A PREEMIE OR IS JUST ON THE SMALLER SIDE, DO NOT BUY THIS TUB - IT IS JUST WAY TOO HUGE AND REALLY HAS NO SUPPORTS!!!!!!!!!!!
!UPDATE: I RECENTLY PURCHASED THE MUNCHKIN DUCKY TUB FOR $15, AND I WAS ABLE TO GET HER TO CLIMB INTO THE TUB AND EVEN START PLAYING WITHIN THE FIRST 5-10 MINUTES OF HER LAYING EYES ON IT!!
It's considerably smaller, has walls that go straight up (versus being slanted, like the Primo) all the way around, and I think it just makes her feel so much more secure and safe!!
Should've gone with this from the beginning.....I purchased this after the fold away unit I had been using for the first four months just wasn't cutting it anymore.
I will start by saying this unit is BIG.
Although there is a side for newborn infants, I think they would slip around too much and the unit would be very big for a small baby.
That being said, I started using this when my grandson was 5 months old...he is now 14 months old and I use it every week and I don't see him growing out of it anytime soon.
To save my back I put this on my kitchen island for bath time and I have no problems transferring it with a few inches of water in it from the sink to the counter island.
Well made heavy duty plastic will last for babies to come.
All of tubs we saw were meant for one kid and we were hoping to be able to give them baths at the same time.
I finally saw the EuroBath and decided to try it out.
It worked fantastically!
One baby had to recline while the other partially sat up, but we could finally give them baths at the same time.
We've been using it for several months now with no problems whatsoever.
Our kids love it and so do we!We used this bath tub with our first son and loved it.
It needs its own bath room.
Too big to put it on top of a kitchen sink.
Since the only place I found for it near water source is inside our bath tub, which places it practically at ground level, my back is killing me.Unless your are planning to remodel your bathroom to fit this monster, go for something else.
Literally, my 3 year old can take a bath in it.
He LOVES it, and calls it his "boat".
Two years old granddaughter growing out of smaller infant tub.
This one claims to be the biggest on the market.
We started using it as soon as my son's cord stump fell off.
Alex *hated* sponge baths, but he loves his Primo tub.
The reclining position is pretty darn safe, and it gives the baby a lot of support while you wash, which is a Godsend.
The depth is perfect, too - the baby doesn't get too chilled.I agree with some of the other reviewers that the drain is very small for the product size, but really, it's not hard to just upend the tub and dump out the bath water once the baby's out.
I also like the indentions to hold the soap and bath products because keeping those in close reach is very handy.
The only real negative is the size of the Primo - it gets unwieldy when we have to take it out of the tub when company comes over, but otherwise we just leave it in the tub.I look forward to using this for many years!this tub it gigantic.
I started using this for my son's first bath and it was great.
I just put a towel underneath him and he was safe and secure.
Sure, we could probably just use the bathtub, but this will use much less water and I feel he's much safer in it.
Not many.
Given this fact, the bathtub could last for generations!
;)I have ventured to three bathtubs (Firstyears, Safety1st, and finally Primo Eurobath) for my daughter.
Nothing is even comparable to this Eurobath.
She is having fun in it!
and always looking for to bath time.
My daughter is now 13 months and she is about 20 lbs.Below is the comparison of the other bathtubs to Eurobath.
With other tubs, I experiences:1.
Not much room for her to grow and play in the bathtub.
I need to use my toothbrush to clean up certain areas in the tub due to the molding.While Eurobath has a smooth curve that makes my cleaning time a breeze (just wipe it dry and done!).3.
The infant sling I have, use a metal that finally got give away to corrossion due to its daily exposure to water for the first 6 months.
And for the other one, it was just too narrow for the infant part.While Eurobath infant section has so much space that even my daughter still fit in there for hairwash.
No need to bother corrosion issues too!4.
The toddler section is using a chair that is always too big,  my daughter almost always slipping and I need to hold her with my muscle to avoid her sliding.While Eurobath toddler section is just made ergonomically that holds her position in the water.
So less to no more chance of sliding.5.
I let the water do the work (floating/buoyancy).
Glad that I purchased this product and to listen to other parents' reviews here!
Great one!We call this tub "Moby Dick" in our house on account of it's size, but this has been a great tub for my now 16 mo old.
He really cannot slip in this tub and has ample room to play and splash.
Our 9 week old loves baths in this tub.
My favorite feature was being able to use both hands to wash her or lather soap in my hands since the tub supported her so well.
This is the ONLY tub I would recommend!This was such an upgrade from our last bath tub, my daughter is 5 months old and on the big side for height and weight.
The only thing I don't like about the tub is the size.
It's huge.
Takes up 3/4 of the size in our bathtub.This is the only tub you need.
It works for infants up to 3 year olds.
Our newborn uses one side and the older toddler uses the other side.
It is so multi-tasking.
If you buy a newborn tub, you will be buying this one shortly thereafter because your newborn will outgrow the small one so quickly.
Highly recommend.We love this tub and so does our daughter!
The tub has been great since she was a newborn, and weighed in at 7 lbs.
11 oz.
She fits great in the contoured area and the water level is sufficient to keep her warm and happy during bathtime.
Instead to make the plastic where she lays a little comfier we put in a hand towel to lay on.
That said, the fact that it is so big allows two parents to enjoy giving the bath together to the little one, and allows for the deepness of the water a tradeoff you'll have to decide on.This bathtub was recommended by one of my best friends, a supermom, and I am so glad I bought this on her advice!We've been using this tub since the little girl was a little under a month, and at first I needed to be more supportive of her as she'd squirm and start to slip one way or another.
There is a max fill line and a little drain, though I really just flip it over after we bath her in our tub.
It is light, well made, made in the USA!
THANK YOU!!!
THe drain in the bottom is a great idea as well.I have a deep soaking tub so i needed something that would be a bit larger.
This is definitely larger.
My infant daughter is still very small for the infant seat but she will grow into the space.
I also like that there is a drain in the tub.
would have given 5 stars if there was an insert to buy for infants.
One of the other reviewers commented to buy no slip pads and this is very helpful.
will be very slippery without.Everyone is right, this is a great tub for your little one.
My baby is 5 months old and was outgrowing the infant bathtub that sat on the sink.
He fits great into the infant side and he had a blast the first time he was in the tub.
It was the first time he could splash around and the first time Dad heard him laugh!
So worth it.
But, no big deal since we use the cup to rinse his hair anyway.This tub is bulky, but great.
It's like a real tub, and it does fit into a bath tub.
And has two positions.
One is a reclining position for a younger infant.
In this position I would place a washcloth down before the baby to prevent sliding.
The second position is for infants to sit upright.
Great device.
Is something that could be used for years or passed to family and friends as a hand-me-down.
Well worth the price.
No mildew issues at all.At first I thought this tub was ridiculously big, but my son loves it!
I think it's so clever that you can have the baby in a lying down or sitting up position, depending on which way you put him in--this product is very durable and made to last until your child outgrows it!
We even bought a second one for our summer house, because I can't imagine giving him a bath without it.
My son is 9 1/2 months old and can sit up perfectly, but still prefers to "lounge" in it lying down.
I put it on my kitchen island and bath him that way, so I don't kill my back in the bathroom.
I also like that it's all plastic, no mesh or rubber mats that can mildew--it has a bump in the middle to keep the baby from sliding.This is a great bathtub for babies.
It is rather large and takes up most the space in a regular size tub.
It is VERY roomy & baby enjoys splashing around.
There is plenty of room for her toys.
It has a drain & I haven't had any problems with it.
I definitely recommend this tub!This tub is great!
Its totally huge.
My 3 month old loves to kick and splash in the bath.
I started using it at 1 month and bath time has never been better.
I used a smaller tub to begin with because this tub seemed alittle to big for a newborn.
It has a contoured seat that keeps him from sliding down in the tub.
It is very simple to use, even when you are a first mum and are giving baby his first bath, and convenient according to baby's age.I love this tub, it's great for infants and toddlers.
I do recommend but it does take up alot of room.
Worth the money.
Great design!After dealing with a couple of unsatisfactory baby tubs, I found this tub for my infant twins.
The smart ergonomic design keeps your baby sturdy and safe, and allows you to have both hands free for washing and grabbing bath products and towels.
YOU WILL LOVE THIS TUB!Got this tub because my son is pretty large for his age and outgrew his spa baby tub at 4 months.
he LOVES being able to lay and kick in this tub!
looks like it should be big enough until he is a toddler.
I only wish we'd bought this tub first.
Our little man has plenty of room to splash around and he can rest comfortably in it with all of his bath toys.
Don't bother buying the smaller tubs, go with this one!
!Our son loves this bath tub!
It's big.
I actually use this inside our regular bathtub when bathing my daughter.
And though she's able to sit up now, using this bath makes so much more sense than filling up the regular bathtub (which would require way more water).
I like it so much that when we go on vacation I always try to find a baby equipment company renting that kind of tub.I like this bath I just wish it came with padding on it.
My little guy was always sliding down it until i started putting a towel down.
Now i have soaking wet towels gathering up throughout the week.
Annoying.My son had his first bath in this tub.
It's a bit large for a newborn.
I had to use my forearm for support and bathe him with my other hand.
The second time I used it, I used one of the mesh beds from another bath with this set.
My son was in heaven.There's plenty of room in the tub.
It's easy to drain.
He looks forward to bath time.Before my son was born I bought him fisher price bath tub.
I liked to look at it, and imagined how I would bathe my baby in it.
So the time came, and Nick was born 9 lb 4 oz.
Huge?!
Oh yeah - he was too big for his tub.
And bathing him was such a disaster :( especially when he started to jump out of it.
I couldn't bathe him alone, my first hand was busy with holding him and the other one was shampooing.
And my husband was showering.
All I saw was about same size as fisher price.
Finally after googling "my baby doesn't fit his bath tub", I found an advice from woman who recommended trying primo eurobath, date of her advice was 2001, but anyway I tried to amazon it and found it to my great surprise.
He was sitting like a king on his throne in it.
Primo is designed so well, like it was created just for the shape of my baby.
It has space for his hands, bump doesn't let him to jump out, it's pretty high, and it also holds well.Our bathing time became much longer.
Mommy was relaxed for the first time, and really had fun :)))I received the sure deluxe newborn to toddler tub at my shower, But my little girl outgrew the newborn side at 3 months, but was to small for the toddler side.
Here bum would pop up over the plastic part that is suppose to keep her from going under.
I  bought this tub and it is great!
It is the only tub where she has been able to kick her feet and it holds her so i can bathe her with two hands.
It is big, but fits perfectly in our tub and gives her so much room to play around.
The contoured tub holds her head above water without our assistance, and it has since she was a tiny little thing - under 7 pounds when her cord fell off.
We are looking forward to being able to turn her around when she can sit up on her own!
i didn't want to buy this tub at the first place because it is a humongous tub.
i kept trying out other tubs and kept returning them.
so finally, my husband got tired of returning tubs, he picked out this one but i was still having doubt because it is so big.
my daughter wouldn't slip off in the tub and there is plenty of water to pour over her body and it takes less time to bath her.My husband registered for, and we recieved this bath when our daughter was born.
Once we switched to a softer material tub by Summer Infant (I might also add that the tub is MUCH smaller!)
my daughter loves bath time again.
I put it on my kitchen table after filling under sink, and drain it from the easy-drain spout right into the sink when I am done.
My baby Amelia has been in it since week 1 and she is 3 months and still loves it.
She fits perfectly in the newborn side, and I feel safe she won't slip down.
I can easily bathe her alone without problems.
Highly recommended, especially since the tub grows with you and your baby.Before I gave birth I received a smaller blue infant tub that is generally pretty popular and widely available.
I loved it for my newborn, it was small and compact and easy to place over the sink.
However by months 3 it was clear the tub was far too small for my son, even though it claimed to be for toddlers as well.
The laying down part is still being used at 7.5 months.
I think it will probably be used for quite a while, since it is easier to lather him up in that position.
I should have purchased it first.
It's huge so Lo can stay in for a lot longer than most tubs.
My daughter loves her bath time and her tub.
We originally had the First Years tub, but she grew out of the newborn hammock but was still too small to bathe without it.
Well, I read the reviews on here and went to BRU and got this tub immediately.
She loved it right off the bat.
She could fit in it without any kind of a sling because the tub itself is very supportive.
This tub is also HUGE which means lots of water to splash in!
She loves to splash around and kick her legs, and turn from side to side (all supervised of course).
I find this tub is great for getting out her energy as well as working out a little gas before bedtime.
I'm not sure if this tub would be good for a brand newborn since it is a little big, but I never tried it until my daughter was over 12 lbs.As a soon-to-be new mom I was determined [read obsessed] with finding the most practical of items for our new arrival.
I read the reviews of the Euro bath and added it to my registry.
From the moment we brought our son home this bath has severed us well.
I must confess that I also recieved the summer infant comfy bath sponge and actually the two items complemented each other perfectly.
From newborn to about 10 weeks I placed the summer infant bath sponge in the reclining part of the Euro bath.
Given the low cost of the bath sponge it was a winning combination.
I have been told that some babies don't like water (my little man did wig out once) but I think the Euro bath is a gentle intro to water and bathing.
This tub was a hit right off.
HATED that one.
Too much work.
Read reviews and bought this one - baby is now 15mos and we are still using it.
LOVE it.
One tip - for small infants, use one of those big sponge things to keep baby from sliding around, or put a wet handtowel behind them.
Oh, and I use to store it on the back of a door.
Used one of those stick-on-hooks to hold it up.
Worked great, out of the way & able to dry out.
Buying this for all of my girlfriends for their baby showers.This tub is HUGE!!!
You need to measure because you will need to figure out where you will use it and store it.
My shower has an extra long shower hose, so it is very convenient to fill the tub.
I would have bought the white tub, but Amazon had it priced at $15.00 more than the blue tub, plus the blue tub was eligible for free shipping with my Amazon Prime account while the white tub was not.I had this same tub in white when my son was a baby.
He is now 4-years old and prefers to take showers.
He is a big kid and outgrew the baby bath tubs so very quickly.
It seemed like every couple of months we were buying new baby tubs and then I found this tub.
He used this tub until he was nearly three years old.
Also, there is nowhere for him to hit his head, which he did on the regular bath tub.
Instead of buying a smaller baby bath tub, I opted to just buy this tub because I knew from personal experience that it would be the be all end all baby bath tub for me.
The infant supports hold her very well.
I felt she was safe and secure while I washed her.
I used a face towel to line where her head would rest.
She stayed calm and loved to kick and splash and she still very much enjoys bath time.
When my friend gifted this to me she remarked how huge it was and then realized it was meant for toddlers too.
The drain works well but I just dump the water out and let it dry standing on it's end balanced against the bathroom wall.
If you fill the tub past the tushie support piece the tub will get too heavy to turn over and drain will be needed.
When we first received it my daughter was about 10 lbs and 21in and the tub was a little too big for her...I ended up putting a folded towel in the bottom to prevent her from slipping.
Now my daughter is 6 months old, 14lbs and about 24in she's just about right to use the tub without the towel.We are still using this tub after almost two years!
My son loves it.
Saves water and keeps the bath warmer for my little one rather than putting him in the tub with an inch of water.
You can use this from birth on, no matter size of baby.
First daughter was tiny, second was a tank.
Both love their eurobath.
I like this tub, but I agree with other reviewers that the drain is slow.
Well, I finally gave in and guess what, I purchased what I think is the largest tub they sell.
This thing is big.
It is one molded piece of plastic -- no removal pieces to have mold grow under.I used a large sponge to bathe my child in the sink until she was about 3-4 months old and got so squirmy I was afraid she would wriggle out of my hands and bang her head against the sink.
For a few weeks, we had to pad the set with a towel so it wasn't so hard and so that my child fit better.
But she loved this tub so much more than the sink -- she learned how to splash so much that she now soaks all four walls and the ceiling.She's 10 months now and still using this tub -- she'll fit in it for a long time.
It's nice that we can still use this one on the counter and not have to lean over a regular tub.
Although it takes up a lot of space and isn't very cute, it is worth its weight in gold.
I can foresee us using this bath for a long-time and I recommend it to everyone I know!WAY too big and bulky.
It's not very easy to use or clean.
He was just too small for the tub.And yes... its almost as big as a regular sized bath tub, but that's one of the things I like about it... more fun for my son.Taking off a star because of the plug... it doesn't stay open on its own... it keeps closing, which is annoying when you are trying to drain the water while your little one is in it.This is the second bathtub we bought.
I wish it had been the first, and only bathtub!!
Our son outgrew his first bathtub by three months.
We bought this one next, and he loves it!
He just lounges around in it, and I love that it cradles him so well so he doesn't slip!
I'd definitely recommend it!Biggest baby bath ever!
My son loves this bath!
I love how it keeps him sitting up, and it will last him a few years.We like this tub a lot.
We always put a little towel under him so he doesn't slip.
He is still in the infant side.
It is great though.I used the safer bather (and liked it) one time before going to the EuroBath.
I used the safer bather in the EuroBath when my sons was very small, and within a month or two just used the EuroBath.
I love this tub.
The main reasons:1.
Uses alot less water than the bath tub2.
Has a position for all age babies and toddlers, which will save money because you don't have to keep buying bath products and again it save with the water bill (My son still used the lay down position)3.
Has spots to hold things while I am re-adjusting my son4.
Has easy drain plug5.
plastic so you can dry it quickly and put up elsewhere if other members of the family use the tub.6.
White color so you can remove things floating around in the bath water, and you can easily notice things such as bug bites and such that need your attention on babies skin.
(i am a paranoid mother!
:))7.
Once you get your hands on it you will see that it is built to last.
There are no plastic cheap parts to break or wear out.
I like large because I know I will get my 25.00 out of it since I will be able to use it for several years but again it is a pretty large item.When I purchased this I didn't know my son was going to be born 2 months early and be a tiny little preemie.
Not at all.
This tub is so fantastic it kept him nice and secure in the tub for quite a long time.
As he got much bigger he then would sit up in the tub and had plenty of place to play with his toys.
We used to put this tub on our dining room table  and it was so great because we were never leaning over and wrenching our backs - oh how nice those days were.
Don't waste your time with other tubs, this is the one to get, it's fantastic!So - We had one of the fancy schmancy Puj baths because of space concerns.
He kicks and splashes and has a grand time.
This can be used for toddlers too as there is a sitting spot opposite of where the baby lays.We don't store it in the bathroom - it has a hole for a hook and we just hook it onto the back of the nursery closet door.
(A tiny closet - but it fits!
When I saw this and read the reviews we ordered it.
The first night I used it was fantastic.
Brilliant.
Beginning from a couple of weeks old, he has been taking a bath in the infant side of this tub.
I do put a hand towel down to keep the little man from sliding (although he still does a little), but for the most part, this tub allows me to use both hands for washing which speeds up the process.
It will take up the vast majority of a standard size tub (which you also have to keep in mind for storage purposes).
Our bathtub stays in our normal tub unless we have company, then we stash it in the nursery.
The slanted part is such that we still use it to wash my daughter's hair even as a large toddler.
As a baby, she was cradled, secure and very happy.I love everything about this tub, especially its' large size.
If I had to scrub out our tub every night to get it clean enough for her, that would be a huge pain!
Given this tub's large size, I can (now that she's too big to ever slip under) fill it up to the top, and she's got warm water and suds up to her mid-chest, without any risk of her falling under as with an adult tub.
If you put more water into an adult tub, we've found our toddler slips around too much and feels insecure, even with a mat.Cleaning this tub is a snap.
No nooks and crannies for gunk to accumulate.
The rubber drain is the only place where we get some mildew, but it pops right out for easy cleaning and reinserts just as easily.
I use a Seventh Generation cleaner with a hydrogen peroxide active ingredient.Durability is fabulous:  We actually never drain the tub with the drain, but lift it and spill the water out.
For $25, this is a slam dunk in all respects.This bath is gigantic but the portion that actually gets used is very small.
It's by far the BEST tub EVER!!!
Perfect for large babies and small.
I store mine in the tub.
I had another one and my baby grew out of it before I could blink.
This one will last and last.
FYI Babies r us sells it for about $10 less....or so my older friends tell me.
We were given a Diaper Genie for a shower gift and it proved so invaluable in the baby's nursery upstairs, we bought a second one for our downstairs changing table.
(we had been wrapping each diaper in a plastic bag and throwing them in the garbage - yuck!
)Keep the instructions until you get the hang of loading your Genie - the Genie comes loaded with the first roll of plastic, and we had some trouble figuring out how to load the next roll because we didn't have the practice from the first roll and had misplaced the instructions.
Not only do you have to buy the special liners (annoying and expensive) it's confusing to operate.
I finally just used a small trash can in my laundry room and empied it out every few days.
At least it didn't annoy me!!!
:)  I am looking into the Diaper Champ now as it uses any regular trash bag.It works great!
I put a dryer sheet in the bottom of it like a regular garbage can.
It just makes it smell nice.Just read the instructions first, it saves you from frustration later!
;c)I loved hearing all the yeahs and nahs when registering for my baby about the diaper systems.
I stood with the diaper genie because of the reviews.
I love it, I have no complaints.
No smells, no troubles.
Works GREAT!
Easy to use!For us this is a LIFE SAVER!!...
I even bought another one for my mother's house... Im agree with a lot of nice stuff from other reviews and Im not going to repeat them, but I have to say something about how many times it gets full.
It's not true that it gets full everyday.... or....
I use to change it every 2 days, now It gets full every 4 days....
The refills are not expensive at all, and you could always get free refills at Babies R Us, buying 2 or 3 together....I use one refill every 3 weeks or so....I haven't try any other one in the market, but for me this is perfect, so I could say that is the BEST OPTION!!
After I figured it all out I found that it was a pain to fool with.
Also the refills are expensive and it doesn't hold enough diapers IMO.
It doesn't lock out odors either.
It may have for the first week or two, but now at 3 1/2 months it SMELLS BAD.
I guess the diapers have gotten stinkier.
No matter how many times I twist after the first diaper, the second one always pushes right through the first twist and ends up hanging in the bottom - un-sausage-linked.
My son turns 2 in a couple weeks and I don't know what I would have done without this.
When he was a newborn I would empty it only when it was full.
About a month ago I noticed a little odor and I used Lysol.
Since then no problem and I stuck my nose in the bottom and took a good sniff.
There is one thing I do differently then the directions though.
After I cut the plastic liner I remove the diapers out of the bottom (careful I don't dump one out of the liner) and then I tie the knot in the end.
This is what I do every time and I only change it when I have to or think about it.
One thing that took my husband a while to catch on to (and I mean a year) is when you put a diaper in to push it only to where those griper things are.
When he was a baby I use to wait until there was 2 diapers (at the start of a freshly cut liner) so they could be gripped together.
Yes, not as clean but with how fast you change newborns it was never a big problem.This product is worthwhile, because you are going to be changing diapers constantly, and you need to throw them away in some sort of sanitary and convenient manner.
When baby starts eating solids, there is quite a different aroma coming from his diapers!
This device is basically a garbage can, but it helps keep the nursery from getting stinky.
The only thing is, because it holds so many diapers, it can make the nursery smell very "baby powder-y".
So keep the room well ventilated.
The Diaper Genie is easy to use, and the refills last a long time.
If you happen to live in a building, with a garbage shoot on your floor, then you don't need this.
(until you get used to it)  It didn't contain the smell well at all.
The lid also kept coming off of mine.
I threw this out and bought the safety 1st odorless diaper pail which I find contains the odor much better.Excellent product.
The diaper "sausages" fall into the can and you don't even have to touch them.I would rather throw the diapers on our kitchen trash can.
But just you wait until you introduce those solids.
Phew!!!
I suggest you get one of these right off the bat and go straight to using the green liners for toddler diapers.
They are thicker and hold the stench at bay way better than the wimpy blue liners.
Just remember to empty that sucker out every other day or even the Diaper Genie will abandon you to the Smell Genie.The Diaper Genie is great.
It helps eliminate diaper odors, thanks to the slightly powder scented bags, and that it seals off each dirty diaper.
We'll have this thing filled to the gills with dirty diapers, and you wouldn't even know that any stinky diapers were in the baby's room!
When it is filled, just turn the knob to cut the bag, tie off, throw out, and start all over again with fresh clean bags!Buy the Diaper Champ instead.
The Diaper Genie's only redeeming quality is the fact that it closes at the top.
I stick air freshners to it to compensate-I think that says it all.I got this as a gift and loved it for the first six months.
Then I discovered what a waste of money it was.
Once solid foods were introduced into my son's diet, this didn't even come close to holding in the stench.
infant, original and toddler.
Still didn't do the trick.
I even put air fresheners in and near it....
Eventually I gave up and took dirty diapers straight out to the garage and only used it for pee diapers.
Still a hassle to remove the "diaper weenie" so now I just use a normal trash can.
It does what it says it will--control odor in your baby's room.
It is EXPENSIVE to buy the refills.
If we did it again, we would get a diaper disposal system that uses regular trash bags or the plastic grocery bags.
2.
We've even had trouble with a piece on the top that turns the bag to twist it, breaking.
It's really easy to break something or not put the pieces back in the right way.
3.
It fills up pretty fast.
We started off loving this contraption and singing the praises that you've heard from so many, but have since found ourselves grumbling about it more and more.
We'll probably stick with it for a while because we've got it, but if you are considering buying a diaper disposal system, I'd probably go for another one.I love this product!!
I have seen negative reviews on this product, but I would guess that they haven't mastered how to use it.
It would be nice if it held a few more diapers, and the cutting and changing of the refills is a little tricky, but I love it just the same.
The sausage idea is great because it contains the smell when you open it to put another diaper in there.
My 5 mo old laughs everytime she sees her father change it.
Honestly, my husband and I use the plastic bags that the daily newspaper comes in.
They are slim and hold about 7-10 diapers.
At the end of the day, we toss them out into the garage...end of story.
Ick.
Particularly icky at 2 am.And contrary to what one poster says, a monkey definitely couldn't operate this thing.
It took us over a half hour to figure out how to install the refill, and we're all college-educated professionals (and my dad, a retired mechanical engineer, couldn't even figure it out!).
When you're busy with a newborn, the last thing you have the time or energy to deal with is a challenge like this!And why does the obvious dial at the top cut the liner instead of sealing off the liner for the next use?
Yes, you realize that's what it does after reading the directions.
But we have to tell anyone helping care for the baby not to turn the noticeable dial because it doesn't do what you think it will.If you do decide to purchase this product, don't turn the liner multiple times after use as the directions suggest.
The only reason they say to do this is so you'll run out of the liner faster and have to buy their refills.
One or two turns is sufficient once you get the diaper lined up in the Genie properly.I wish I had taken a better look at competing products.
I realize now there's a real reason other companies decided to come up with other models.
With the other product, his room smelled horribly, even when I changed it daily!And, I found that the Diaper Genie really isn't any harder to use, and that it is much more pleasant to change, since all the diapers are sealed when you open the lid.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie.
Save your money and buy one the first time around.
Even though they discontinued selling the original they still sell the refills for the original right next to the the wide refills.
So for my baby shower I recieved the original re-fill for my wide genie.
So right now it is in the garbage.
Money down the drain.Why does everyone think you need this thing?
Of course, we thought so.
We have used it five or six times.
We ruined two packs of refills just trying to figure out how to use it.
It does work to keep odor out I suppose, but so does a plastic bag.Just put your diaper in a plastic bag!The Diaper Genie is sooo easy to use and they always have coupons on refills.
I love it..
Even my husband can use it lolol... u just pop a diaper in til u feel the grabber thingys and then close it and twist the lid and it locks in the diaper...
The stickers it comes with is a joke.
I constantly have to be sticking them back on.
The corners stick well though.It is so annoying that my son figured out how to rip these off.. but at the same time I love this product.
No complaints here!
What will he get into?
How will he injure himself?
What do we need to do to protect him?
Hmmmmmm.
Our toddler has already found a tube of diaper rash creme and spread it all over himself (primarily the face) and over the wood floor and a carpet.Well, we've tried to do some common sense things.
For example, our living room has a large fireplace with a raised brick hearth.
So we bought this Prince Lionheart Cushiony Fireplace Guard.
I installed it in about an hour.
It's a one-size-fits-all solution and I was afraid our fireplace was too big.
The guard is stuck on with some tape from 3M and there are warnings in 10 different languages that they do not guarantee that the glue will do no damage.
Hmmmmm.
I expect there will be damage when the guard is removed.
So I looked at my favorite shopping place and found these guards.
I read the reviews and decided to give them a try.
Reid has even used them to pull up and they have stuck.
He fell the other day and landed right on the corner, I held my breath, nothing happened he didn't even cry just went on.
So I thank the makers of these guards for saving an hospital visit.
They match the color of my brick so unless you look and stare you hardly notice they are there.
Thanks.Just as described.
Needs replacing when child is teething and I will replace with same product.This has been stuck on my fireplace for a year without coming off (cement slab hearth).
Looking at reviews recently prompted me to call Prince Lionheart about getting a short missing piece, and they offered to send me one at no charge!
Very nice not having language issues.My son was able to pull this off right away.
I'm constantly retaping it to the fireplace.
When it does stay on, it's great.
Have prevented a few bruises/cuts.Easy to put on.
Only put tape at TOP and not SIDES if it isn't a perfect 90 angle.
Our fireplace is made out of stone pieces so it is uneven on sides.
It still stays with tape only on top holding it on.
Colors are true to actual look.It's okay.
It pulls off of brick very easily.
The sticky provided it's strong enough to get it stuck on brick, but maybe another surface like a smooth tile would be okay.These cushions seem pricey, but they were the only ones we could find to buy, and going without some type of cushion on our brick hearth wasn't an option.
My 11 mo.
old daughter started to pull a piece off the other day, but then she gave up and I pushed the piece back down fine.
My daughter loves to crawl up and sit on the hearth, and in her exuberance she's tumbled off before.
My 13-month old has tried pulling at it, but haven't succeeded.
Or both.We got these becasue our new house has a brick fireplace with an elevated ledge.
Our daughter was just learning to walk when we moved in and as part of our baby-proofing we decided we needed something for the fireplace.
This was about the only option BRU had and it was a waste of money.
Plus when it was on our daughter seemed to be drawn to it!
So we just took it up and she's been fine without anything on it.
Since we bought these from BabiesRUs He has managed to get one piece off but considering he weighs 25lbs and has been pulling at these constantly I'm only taking 1 star off.
We also bought a 4 pack of their edge guards after the first two brands we tried couldn't survive my son's curiousity.
The terry cloth is so soft and makes the pad so comfy.I was shopping the other day and found that a division of Carter's also makes changing pad covers that will fit the Simmons pad.
They are a little cheaper, but only come in 4 or 5 colors.I read in a review for the Simmons Contoured Changing Pad that the plastic had ripped, so she had to throw it away.
I think that would be a good reason to buy one of these, because you could keep using the pad and just cover up the tear.Although I do not have the Simmons changing pad, mine is the same measurement but the cover doesn't fit.
It wears up well to washing, and comes in many colors to match nearly any nursery.
Doesn't sound like much work, but considering how many messes babies can make, changing the pad gets to be almost a daily chore.
It's much easier (and less costly and less stressful and less time consuming) to use the bare changing pad and simply wipe down any messes with diaper wipes or with a gentle cleanser.
Don't waste your money buying pad covers.I have 2 of these covers and love them.
I have no time to wait for these to airdry, so that was a must.Overall i'm very pleased.We bought 3 originally and when one was washed it had a hole in it instantly and I could see why.
So, we bought cradle size lap pads and keep one over the cover.
Plus, they are cheaper.
Works great!Why didn't they make these covers with slits in the side for the safety straps the changing pads have?
My only problem is that the white really doesnt stay white.
Get a colored one instead.
infact, get at least 2.keeps baby's skin warm, rather than putting them directly on the cold changing pad surface.
i have washed it several times, and it handles well in the washer/dryer.I have two of these changing pad covers and used them both for a year with my first child.
They are mediocre.
I noticed that the material frayed around the elastic after a few months of use.
Finally, I used it with the changing pad by "Especially for Baby" and the fit was a bit too tight which resulted in the pad curving a bit over time.For a few more dollars, I would strongly recommend looking at Pottery Barn Kids' chamois pad covers.
They are extrememly soft (you'll wish your sheets were made out of this stuff!
), have the safety strap slits and fit the changing pad perfectly.I registered for this item because it goes with the changing pad that I chose.
I can't believe that this cover is made by the same manufacturer as the pad!
It doesn't fit well.
It has no holes for the safety straps on the pad to fit through.
I cut small holes to pull the straps through, and they were all frayed after just one washing.
In fact, the entire cover is already covered with frays and snags after only two weeks of use!
The material is rough and cheap.
You would think the makers of this would know that every item that is going to touch a baby is going to be washed.
Therefore, have the material be pre-shrunk before marketing it.We have two of these that we rotate and they work just fine for us.
We also have the contoured changing pad by Simmons.
True, they do seem a little small straight out of the dryer (the cover stretches straight across the top of the pad), but after one changing our baby's weight shapes it right into place.
That's really never bothered me.
And considering how often they are washed, they are really holding up well.My only complaint (and why I didn't give it five stars) is that they could be a little softer.I am pleased with the changing pad cover...It was very expensive, that is my only complaint.
It washes well and remains soft.I bought this cover because it was the only brand offered at Babies R Us.
It was nearly worthless after the first washing because of how much it shrank.
This way I just change the multi-use pad and I don't have to wash the changing pad cover very often.This changing pad cover works great on the Especially for Baby Contour Changing Pad.
I washed and dried them many times.
All of the stains came out and they stayed soft and didn't shrink much.
I did have to stretch them a bit to get them on, but once in place they fit perfectly.
The straps on the pad I have are attached at the bottom so I didn't need to cut any holes in the cover in order to be able to use the straps.
I also use small changing pads so that I don't have to change and wash the cover that often.
I like that I can put my baby on something soft and warm instead of the cold plastic pad.
I definitely recommend getting these.These covers work great, but you need a couple.
They are a very inexpensive way of adding color to baby's room.
We have the My Little Snoopy bedroom set, which is mostly blue, but when our daughter was born we bought one of these covers in pink.
It covers the cold vynil of my changing pad.
It has caught numerous undiapered poops and pees and went right into the wash without having to wipe a thing up.
That was my favorite quality of it.I have two of these so that when one is in the wash the other is on the changing pad.
The only beef that I have with it is that after the first wash, one of the Terry covers ripped at the seam.
Thats ok though, it was fixed quickly with a few stitches.
With each washing it got smaller and smaller and it made the contour of the pad malform a bit at the corners.
I found out pretty early on that it's easier to just change my son on the uncovered changing pad because he is constantly spitting up, urinating and pooping on the pad.
I was having to wash the covers every day!
Now I just bring them out when we have visitors (like the fine linens, ha ha!
)This is probably one of the least costly monitors on the market.
Why only 4 stars?
Even for the price, I thought there were a lack of features.
We used it for 7 months, every day during naps and night, and today the power adapter quit working so the only way to use it is with the 9v battery which lasts all of 3 hours before crapping out.
So, in summary: it will work but it's not a very good product and doesn't seem to have quality components to make it last.
This is almost a MUST have for babies.The range is fantastic.
I can be outside watching my two year old while my baby sleeps.
I know that I will be able to hear her.
Not only is the range great but it also picks up the smallest sounds, I hear my baby rolling over in her crib when this is on.
However, it is one of the more useful things if you want to have some measure of freedom while the baby is napping or if your child sleeps clear across the house from where you sleep.This is a great product for anyone living in America or overseas like we are.
We have an older child that likes to play loudly so we put the baby in the back bedroom and I am able to hear when she wakes up.
I think if I were to buy another monitor I would get one that has a video camera in it, so I could also see what was going on.
But this is a great product considering the price.I got exactly what I was hoping for - a simple inexpensive baby monitor without all the bells and whistles.
The transmitter is downstairs in the baby's room and the parent receiver is upstairs in the kitchen.
No, the sound quality is not perfect but it is great for the price.
I can't hear every breath she takes but I can hear when she's in her bed playing and I can hear when she's crying.
I usually have it plugged in so I can't comment on how long the battery lasts.I was really not looking forward to having to spend a ton of money on a monitor.
Since we have had it has worked perfectly.
I can even hear my husband doing baby talk when he forgets the monitor is on lol.
I didnt have a need for an expensive, over the top monitor and if that's your situation too, you'll be happy.Like another reviewer, we got this monitor free with a purchase at Babies R Us, although I should say from looking at the photo here, I'm guessing the one I got is an older model that was being discontinued.
This is great if you need to put them somewhere that doesn't have easy outlet access.
With the Sony, I feel like I can turn it down pretty low and it still picks up the baby's cries well without getting all that background noise.- No lights.
Frankly, since the Sony 27-channel model has a rechargeable battery, you'll probably make up the cost difference over time.We've been through three of these.
Two were total junk out of the box.
One worked very well.The first one we got didn't work at all.
But, we sent it back and exchanged it for a new one.
The new worked great.
So, we ordered another one for the other kid's room.
This 3rd one was total junk.
So, 2 out of 3 were junk.
For me, this explains the mixed reviews on this product.
Poor quality control.As far as the one that did work, here are some more details about why I liked it.We've tried a few monitors.
For us, static is the most important issue.
We use the baby monitors primarily at night, so that we can hear if the kids wake up in the middle of the night.
If the monitors have a lot of static it keeps US from getting to sleep.The next most important issue is unnecessary beeping.
Some of the other monitors we've used periodically loose the signal from the baby's room, and then automatically reconnects after a few seconds.
Each time they loose the signal they beep loudly to let us know.
This always wakes us up.
This can happen a dozen or more times each night.
THIS monitor does NOT beep when it looses the signal, or maybe it just never looses the signal... either way we're sleeping much better now.The unit is about 4 feet away from the crib and every sound the baby makes can be clearly heard.
It even picks up the sound of the a/c unit.
I can remain sitting in the chair that's 12 feet away from the unit, nursing the baby and ask my sons in the living room, where the parent unit is located, to bring me a glass a water.
I love that the parent unit can be used without batteries.If you want a monitor that's super sensitive, get this one.
I could be laying in bed in the same room as the baby bed, and my husband will come in from another room cause he heard the baby fuss when I couldn't.
I'm not kidding, the way we know when we've got it to the correct volume is when we can hear the clock ticking.
This one is very clear and loud.
It's a great relief getting this one as a second monitor after our old Fisher Price Sounds and Lights monitor has had us tearing our hair out for the past three years... what a piece of junk!
Can't say muchbetter about a monitor than that!
:)Too staticy but you get what you pay for.
It does the job though.
Picks up sound if you are in another room.We had actually gotten this monitor for free through a promotional offer at Babies R Us.
I was skeptical at first because it was free, but once we got it home it worked great!
Great that it works just like it should, and super glad that I didn't waste the money on one of the other really expensive baby monitors.FINALLY HAD OUR BABY AND GOT TO TRY IT OUT..THE FIRST TIME I HOOKED IT UP WAS WHEN I RECIEVED IT, I DID HEAR THE NEIGHBORS MONITOR A LITTLE..BUT ALMOST ALL BABY MONITORS WILL HAVE THAT PROB.
UNLESS YOU WANT TO SPEND ALOT OF $..BUT THIS HAS 2 CHANNELS TO CHOOSE FROM..
SO JUST SWITCH IT..THAT SIMPLE..I HAVE HAD IT ON FOR LAST FEW DAYS AND WORKS PERFECT..VERY SENSITIVE, AND ALMOST NO HISSING OR BUZZING AT ALL.. AND DOESNT NEED TO BE TURNED UP VERY LOUD..JUST SET IT RIGHT NEXT TO THE CRIB ON A TABLE....VERY HAPPY WITH ITEvery baby monitor on the market seems to start at $50 and most cost around $100+.
I purchased a fisher price baby monitor from amazon before this one and the unit died on me after 2 months of use!
Both of ours died after less than a month of use.
We borrowed a friends who had only used theirs for a month and that one died too!
Not wanting to spend another $100+ on a monitor that was only going to die after 1 month we opted for this baby monitor.
We shouldn't have been fooled by the price in the first place!
This monitor has been used for 4 months and it's still kicking.
Here's some PROs/CONs:PROs:1.
After 4 months of constant use this monitor shows no sign of dying.2.
We hear our baby clearly and the base unit is 5ft away from the crib and next to our white noise machine.5.
They recommended that the unit be plugged in at all times for optimal use.
This means you can't walk around with the monitor.
We just don't use it that way because we keep the monitor in one place in the house.2.
You only have one hand unit.
You can only use 2 channels.
I recommend this to everyone!After my expensive video monitor died, I decided to go back to basics and try this one.
it does the job but when i walk past it having a screeching eeep every time is annoying will not buy again.The best part of this monitor is the price.
You can tell in the quality of the construction.
They're very light cheap plastic.
I had originally bought one and it worked very well.
It was crystal clear so I was impressed for the money I had spent.
I ended up having to shelve the second monitor and get a more expensive unit.
If you only need one it will probably work great for you.
Maybe we just got a bad one because the other reviews seem to be favorable.
Unlike the others, I didn't think it was that clear.
If you can sleep with &quot;white noise,&quot; you may be OK but it drives me nuts.
Also, our batteries have lasted an average of 3 - 5 days.
After going through 6 of them, we started using the plug full time.
This is a hassle because you have to unplug and replug it every time you change rooms.
It has Crystal clear sound just as stated and works REALLY WELL in my 2700 sqft home.
Baby can be downstairs and I'll be upstairs on the other side of the house and hear EVERYTHING that is going on in that room.
One time while he was sleeping in his crib with the window shut, I could even hear the birds chirping away outside.
Love this monitor and wished I had bought it sooner.They are cheap; therefore the quality is not so good.
I bought them as a backup for my parent's house and it serves its purpose, but the overall look and feel is not nice, they are big in size.
There is background noise in the receiver.
If you're looking for something inexpensive, this is good.This Monitor gets BAD interference!
My grand daughter is now 11 months old and I watch her during the day while her parents are at work.
During the day she takes two naps.
She always wakes happy but before the monitor I did not hear her until she cried.
Also I know exactly when she drifts off to sleep.
My daughter-in-law spent a lot more money for something not nearly as good.
In my opinion for the money this is the absolute best product on the market hands down.this is a bare bones baby monitor, but it does what it's supposed to do.
we get strong reception throughout our 3 level house with ceramic tile floors and thick walls.
i have no need for a super fancy monitor -- i just want to know if the baby is asleep or awake and needs tending to.
this monitor is all i need for that.we've been using this monitor for about 6 months now and have had no problems with it.
It certainly isn't "crystal clear."
I can't hear my son in the next room.
Often times I will wake up to another family waking up.
How awkward.I got this moniter for free after purchasing a playyard from Babies R Us..
I  had my reservations (it was free??
Plus, for some reason we're picking up another kid and their family that is no where around us (no babies within 2 houses in any direction).
I can't imagine what they've heard us say based on what we've heard!
Going to replace it with the V-tech which is less than twice as much...wish I'd put the money into that to begin with.I just purchased this because our other monitor was going on the fritz.
I love it.
This is crystal clear.This monitor is your basic monitor.
It does all the things that any normal monitor would do.
No frills.
I use it as a stationary monitor in the bedroom.
The price was just right and it's just the item I need to quickly get to my baby when she awakes from naps, etc.
I just needed something basic to use and that is what I got.
This is a cheap monitor that does the job.
If you are looking for crystal clear & no interference then you will have to spend more than $16.
It does have some occasional interference, but you just move it a little or switch the channel & it is fine.
It also has some "white noise" in the background much of the time, but it's minimal.
It is a cheap, simple monitor that works well.
I didn't try a second one since I really needed a monitor and didn't have the time to mess around with something that might not work.I Love this monitor.
When I was pregnant I lived in a tiny apartment where there was no need for a monitor, but I put the most basic, inexpensive one I could find on my registry for when we went to grandma's house.
I didn't have high expectations.Well, since then, grandma ended up moving into a 4900 sq ft house, and baby and I lived with her for a month.
As I pulled grass out of the AV port, it was still fully functioning!
We switched to glass shortly after the news broke.The Evenflo glass bottles are certainly a great buy -- the price is fantastic!
I wasn't wild about the rubber nipples that came with the bottles, but I just pitched them and used the nipples we'd been using.
(Just about any standard-size, as opposed to wide, nipple will fit these bottles.)
So there are pretty much zero worries about anything leaching into the milk (or formula).Now, the downside ... these suckers are HEAVY!
These are quite solid, though, and I think we only ever broke two -- one at home (it was dropped on a hardwood floor) and one at an airport (my son threw it onto a chair with a metal arm ...
whoops!
).Since my son is no longer drinking anything from bottles except a little water at bedtime, we've switched to BPA-free plastic, just for convenience (and this co-sleeping family's safety!).
But when our next baby is born and I'm pumping at work, we will DEFINITELY be storing the milk in my glass Evenflo bottles.no plastic-leaching worries from these bottles due to potential dangers of #7 plastic bottles that most plastic baby bottles are made of.
i was also surprised at how affordable they were.
the item was shipped quickly.
if you're short on money, just get the 8oz ones - you'll be holding the bottle when feeding a baby who can  only consume smaller amount of milk, so no need to worry about the larger size for the baby.These are good basic bottles.
Going to the baby store and shopping for baby bottles as a new parent was daunting.
There's a litany of choices and every imaginable variation on design.
How do you choose?
For us, it became simple when we decided to stick to glass bottles.
There aren't many choices out there in glass, and those that are available are usually very expensive.
Our daughter has had no problems eating whatsoever so I can't say anything about any of the specialty bottles on the market, but for most babies, I can't imagine needing more than a basic bottle.
These are more or less the time tested glass baby bottle.
We like them a lot, and the price is very affordable.I use these to pump into and then to store the milk in the fridge.
If I'm pumping to freeze, then I store in the Dr. Brown's bags.
Glass bottles are fantastic- they're the absolute best for preserving your milk, easy to boil and sanitize, great price, and they can go in the dishwasher.
However, my best friend has EBF three babies for a year and all three took to this bottle no problem, when she returned to work each time.
So, I'm hoping that when my daughter's older she may take to them (she's only 3 months) but in the meantime, I use the lansino moMMa bottles for feeding, and she has no issues with those.
Also, if you've ever had coca cola in a glass bottle versus coca cola in a plastic bottle, you can definitely appreciate how glass preserves the flavor- ijsThese little bottles are surprisingly strong and light weight for what they are, which is a glass bottle.
While they can shatter, it takes a lot to get them there thanks to their compact build.
This can be solved with a nipple that Gerber puts out made of brown silicone that has a cross cut in the side of the nipple.
After asking around we landed on these, and were thrilled.
She uses a medium flow nipple at 10 months, and she hardly has gas issues anymore.
That being said, if you can check out local stores as they were half the price of what they are here on Amazon.
I love you Amazon, but your prices are getting steep.There has been one bottle that got a crack in it, but I even dropped a bottle on to our concrete floor and it did not break.
Also, for formula these bottles are very narrow in the neck.
I ended up making my own funnel with an old breastpump attachment, which makes it a lot less messy.I bought these glass bottles after reading all the articles about bispenol A.
My daughter was used to the Dr. Brown's bottles and could not get used to this classic bottle.
They are thick glass so we haven't had any problems with breakage.
They also hold up great in the dishwasher.
The nipples and rings work well, no leaking.
The size is right and they feel strong and secure.
The only downside is that the slow-flow nipples flow too fast for him and he chokes on them.
I ordered some Dr. Brown standard nipples, hoping to fit the bottles well.these are good quality, and do not leak (as long as the nipple is positioned properly over the bottle opening, which is so easy to do).
I take them out of fridge and put under hot water and so far (3 months of use) no cracks.These are great bottles.
I used them from day one until 6 months old.
And they heat the milk up faster when placed in a warm water bath.
They're very sturdy - I've dropped them several times and they haven't cracked or chipped.
These come with nipples and the covers.
It chokes the baby.
Please dont use it with newborns as its too much flow and air and it creates colicsI purchased these bottles for our new baby.
I like how durable and easy to sterilize they are also replacement nipples are very affordable also.
I like the idea that because the bottles are glass we will be able to use them for future children with the minimal cost of nipple replacement.
I am happy with how sturdy they are and have no fear of breaking the glass at all.I had trouble getting my breastfed baby to take an Avent bottle (which my first took beautifully) so I called the lactation consultants at the hospital to ask their advice.
They worked great.
It works though so I will stick with them.The bottles are nice but as it is warned in the product, the temperature difference along the cleaning process can make the bottle to brake down.
This has happened to me in two out of the three bottles.
Great product!!
!I was concerned about all the BPA fuss and considering that according to studies ALL plastic bottles can be harmful, I decided to find an alternative..
Although, I still use the playtex drop ins once in a while, when I'm giving my baby water or we're on the go, because its convenient.
Anyway, back to the point, these bottles have been great!
Sturdy bottles, bottle nipples work well too.I like that these are glass bottles, but the nipple that is included is way too small.
My son's mouth fits completely over it, and he still has a shallow latch.
He's only 10 weeks old!
I decided to keep the bottles and use them for storage.
You could try pairing the bottles with another nipple as well.
Do yourself, your baby, and the environment a favor and use glass bottles for as long as possible!I bought these at Target for my 9 month old.
We were using the disposable liners in a bottle holder.
I got to thinking about all the plastic in her life, and the lack of plastic in mine.
I know it's super easy to buy plastic bottles, toys, cups, even some lotions have plastic in them.
I think a little "safe" plastic here and there is O.K., but I'm trying to avoid extreme exposure.
I've read some literature on plastics, and it seems like no one really knows for sure if any of them are 100% safe.
I just didn't want everything in her life to be wrapped in plastic.These bottles are great.
I paid $9 for 3 bottles and 3 fast nipples.
The liners I usually have to buy every month and dispose of are $8!
I thought we'd give these a try.
My daughter is not a picky gal, she's extremely easy going, so it didn't surprise me she took to these just fine.
Yes, it's feeding in a vacuum.
But at this point, it's either that or have her eat out of plastic all day.
It took her a few tries to figure out how to let the bubbles out but she's doing great.
I wondered if she'd be able to hold it, but she did!
She just took a few breaks during feeding time.
Great purchase for an older baby, I'm not sure how a newborn would do with the feeding in a vacuum, especially if breastfeeding...but we didn't go that route, so I can't say.Oh, and no leaks for us so far.I was very happy to find these, and at such a good price, after looking for glass bottles at several retail stores.
The outer ring and bottle work with all of the nipples I have.
Great product.I knew even before I was pregnant that I wanted to use glass bottles- I don't believe that BPA-free means "safe," so I wanted to use something I could trust.
These bottles are great (they come in two sizes; this review is for the larger, 8oz size).
They wash better than plastic bottles because you can see the fat from the milk left on them when they are still dirty- it's hard to see that in the plastic bottles.
They are easy to clean and not too heavy, but still strong enough to freeze/thaw multiple times.
Good quality and better safety.These are ok, thick glass so thats great but its so hard to read the side.
Other then that they serve their purpose.
I purchased this so that the breastmilk could sit in the fridge a couple of days.
Mine was getting an odor from the plastic bottles.
Problem solved with glass.
I recently switched to them and it's so nice to be able to leave my baby's water in the car and not have it get plastic in it from the bottle.
My baby loves these bottles.
I bought some nipples for older babies but didn't have to use them because she likes the ones that came with these bottles even though she's 20 months old.
I just use them for water (I don't like sippy cups).
Bisphenol-A chemical free, unlike most plastic bottles.
My son refused to drink from the latex nipple, so I purchased some replacement silicone nipples from Target for about $3.
This is what we chose and will try something else for the next baby.If you're looking to this 3 pack to replace the 6 pack that is sold now without the storage discs, don't buy them!
I think amazon sells the discs separately but you should still buy the 6 pack instead of the 3 pack.
I loop pony tail holders over my bra straps and then around the horns of my pump.
I find that these bottles are too heavy to use this method.
They might be OK with a real hands-free bra...  maybe one of these days I will buy one and see.
They will un-stick after 24 hours - so if you use these to store milk, you will need to use that milk after 24 hours.So these bottles are ok as far as functionality - the nipples work OK for our babies and they are cheap, sturdy, not easy to break - but I prefer the plastic ones (Evenflo and Gerber both make a BPA free plastic version very similar to this)We got these with silicon nipples, not latex - they are available!
Me too!
I was thrilled to find that Amazon had these glass ones in stock.
A great buy!None of my kids use bottles anymore, but when they did I went through so many brands and types of bottles trying to find one that I liked.
My final choice was to settle on these glass bottles.
They last so much longer than the plastic bottles.
All of the plastic bottles that I tried got to a point where no matter how well I washed them, how hot the water was, even going through the dishwasher didn't get the formula smell out of them.
I know that the plastic bottles are now all BPA free, but who knows what chemical they'll discover next year that's been leeching out of our plastic and poisoning us all this time.These bottles are compatible with my medela pump and can take the same lids, which is convenient.
However, for a breast-fed baby, even these so-called slow flow nipples are way too fast, and caused my baby to choke.
I bought Dr. Brown's nipples, which work great.
We try to limit food and beverages consumed in plastic.
These aren't fancy and are a great price.
You can skip the 4oz bottles and just get a bunch of 8oz ones.
Your child will eventually use just the 8oz ones and in the mean time, you can just fill them up with 4oz.While they are great, the rings and nipples may need to be replaced.
She really had a hard time sucking them.
She would have to stop drinking and we would have to wait for all of the air to flow back in before she could continue.
Maybe we just had faulty nipples.
We started bottle-feeding out of necessity when our baby was only 6 weeks old, and these bottles have worked perfectly.
And the price is great (BPA-Free plastic bottles often cost $12 each).
If you are bottle-feeding, I would recommend getting at least 12-15 of them so you don't have to wash and sterilize bottles everyday.It'll be a few months before we put these bottles to use but I wanted to clarify a point about replacing the nipples and dishwashing.
These bottles represent the "old standard" so only the vented "original NUK" and Evenflo nipples will fit and presumably work well without collapsing.
The current trend (Avent, Playtex natural, Gerber etc.)
seems to involve wide mouth bottles and thus nipples with larger diameter rings.
The difference, if you compare the older versus newer style nipples side by side should be fairly obvious.
I only mention this here to clarify that options may be limited and to be careful if ordering nipples online.Update:  Last night, I washed the included latex nipples in the upper rack of the dishwasher and found that they came out discolored.
Some websites will indicate that the nipples themselves are dishwasher safe.
I got the Sealy Superpedic Firm mattress and the cover fits perfectly.
I have about 4 of them and they are essential.
I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on.
I also use it as a changing pad as well.
Put it in your laundry, and dry on low setting.
I suggest buying 2-3 of these, so you have extras when it gets dirty.I purchased two of these mattress pads two years ago for my son's crib.
This pad is so easy to put on and take off the mattress.
It washes up easily, and does NOT shrink!
It's soft and durable, and it has NEVER leaked!
:)It pilled up with the wash and dry{tumble low}!
It does &quot;pill&quot; a little after being washed, but it doesn't concern me, you put a sheet over it anyway.
It had gotten kind of gross so I decided to run quickly to the store to pick up a replacement.
This company Kid-Ding makes TWO different mattress covers that look almost identical if you don't read between the lines!
Underneath the crib sheet, it slips and slides all over the place and crinkles up like crazy!
What a disaster!I went online to make sure I get the correct one this time, and I did!!!
Wraps around the crib mattress flawlessly and doesn't move an inch!
I have since bought another one!
They're great and reversible.
I threw mine out.THESE ARE A MUST HAVE!
THEY PROTECT THE SHEETS FROM OVERNIGHT ACCIDENTS.
MY SON IS IN CLOTH DIAPERS AND SOMETIMES HE WAKES UP WET (NOT SO OFTEN NOW THAT WE FIGURED IT OUT:)) AND NEVER ONCE HAS IT LEAKED THROUGH THIS PAD.
IT HOLDS UP GOOD IN THE WASH AND IS DRYER SAFE.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.I have been washing and drying it (low heat) with no problems.
It fits well.
Other than that, it's just what I was looking for.After 1.5 years this is still in great shape!
I only bought one and it has lasted through tons of washes!
This is all you need!
Don't go with the costly ones with this one works great!I have an average sized mattress and this fits perfectly!
It is super easy to install!
If it &quot;bunches up&quot; like some others suggest, it is because it isn't put on the mattress correctly.
A little tug, and it goes right in place... kind of like a normal bed sheet, know what I mean?After washing, many lint balls pile up, but it is durable in the fact that it isn't falling apart!
Just because it collects lint balls doesn't make it any less durable in my honest opinion.I recommend at least two of these!They don't hold up great in the wash, but it is no big deal since they are used under the sheet anyway.
Not exactly like the shape I am when he's breastfeeding.
I had seen these in Babies R Us and didn't get them because it said medium flow.
After about 3 days of my caregiver telling me he just hates the bottle I hopped on here and looked for another nipple because I had already looked in the store and there wasn't a lot of selection.
I read the reviews which lead me to believe you shouldn't trust the flow speed when comparing the two nipples so I decided to go get these.
The next day my caregiver text me and it said "I love these nipples!"
I wish Amazon would offer them with free shipping !!!!!
*hint* *hint*Great for vintage baby bottle collection; need for old Playtex bottles that are no longer made.
Hard to find these !My son was nursed until 12 months.
Now this is the only nipple he willingly uses.Finding the right Playtex nipples has been like a Goldilocks and the Three Bears experience for me.
The latex Playtex slow flow NaturaLatch nipples that we got with our bottles were way too fast.
My nearly 3 month old baby chokes because the milk flows so fast.
When super hungry he can chug a 4 1/2 oz bottle in 5 minutes with the slow flow latex version.
So I tried these silicone NaturaLatch slow flows and they are way too slow.
My baby gets frustrated with how slow these nipples flow.
It took him up to an hour sometimes to finish a 4 1/2 oz bottle!
There needs to be some middle ground.
Since these slow flow silicone nipples were too slow, I tried the medium flow version and it was way too fast.Strangely enough I found that the Playtex Orthodontic Latex medium flow is the perfect flow speed, but the flat shape of the nipple "neck"/base makes it difficult to funnel the last of the milk into the nipple.
Ultimately, there's always wasted milk with this nipple.
Playtex needs to work on improving their nipple flows.For what these nipples cost they were a total disappointment!
Also after using these nipples my LO would tend to be extra rough and pulled at my boobiesMy baby is breast fed and I needed to start pumping and bottle feeding before heading back to work after 12 wks of maternity leave.
Baby would NOT take ANY nipple out there!
FINALLY this nipple worked!
I believe most of it was my prayers asking the Lord to please help this baby take the bottle, but the nipple is the only one that he would take to!
Also, amazon is one of the only places I've found that you can actually purchase this nipple!
Great buy!These are about the only nipples that my little one will drink from.
these nipples were a no-go.
we ended up just making the hole bigger in the Nuk nipples and that seemed to do the trick.
He enjoys them almost as much as the real ones.
He would definitely recommend them.
They have great flow that doesnt leak yet the baby doesnt collapse the nipple from extreme suckling.Extend the life of your Avent's product.Now, I can continue to use all the Avent bottles!Used it for more than 4 months and still as good as new.
Can't recommend this nipple enough.I use these Avent nipples with Avent bottles.
Each nipple has 3 classifications.
I wish they would only use one classification system because it can be quite confusing if you go to buy different nipples.1.)
flow2.)
baby's age3.)
a numberAlso, the title of the item doesn't say what age or number of nipple this is, and there currently isn't a description.FYI:They are number 3 for 3+ months.I love the ease of the avent bottles for feeding, cleaning, transporting.....everything.
When I found out the bottle design changed, I didn't want to have to re-buy all new bottles ( because the nipple design changed to fit and perform with the new bottle too).
I went to several local stores that were already sold out so came here to stock up.
I bought all the sizes I will need in the future.
Also, these nipples fit in the avent trainer sippy cups.
This is great for my little one since he didn't understand how to use the spout on the one that came with the cup.THis Phillips AVENT BPA free Classic Newborn Flow Nipple, 2 pack works exactly as advertised.
Even though this is a slow flow nipple my 3 month old baby did and still at 4 months does struggle with it on occasion for being too fast.
I recommend order Dr. Brown's nipples over these.These are our daughters favorite.
They are very nice, we have a lot of them Level 1 and Level 2 and we haven't had a single problem with any of them.
Product is just has expected - high quality.
Both my kids liked these nipples.These nipples lasted about 6 months before the rubber started to rip.
I've had to replace about half of them because the tip where the holes are ripped and now there's just a gaping rubber flap.
It's why the Ameda breast pump (Ameda Purely Yours Breast Pump) gives you a 'Cycle' option.
You start out fast - just as your baby does when they first latch on - to allow for the milk let-down.
Then, you switch to a slower cycle motion to get the most milk out - just as your baby would once they started feeding.
When it came time to send my baby to day care for my return to work, I discovered just how frustrating the MAM bottles are.
First of all, you have to make sure the bottom is screwed on **REALLY** tight, otherwise the water used to heat will mix with the contents of the bottle.
This extra thick, screw-on bottom makes warming the contents extra long compared to other bottles, such as Avent.
Banging it out doesn't get all of it and makes too much noise for all those night time feedings or anytime for that matter.
Using a wash or burp cloth to protect yourself and baby is yet another added hassle and one more thing to maneuver while trying to feed the baby.None of these issues exist with the Avent bottles.
An extra ring is nothing compared to the base parts of the MAM bottles.
Popping the lid on and off the Avent bottles is also another easy thing compared to MAM.
Avent's lids are secure enough and prevent leaking without requiring a 2-hand operation.As an added bonus, Avent has a conversion kit that allows me to pump using my Ameda Purely Yours electric breast pump directly into any Avent bottle.My daughter has been using the Breast Flow bottles and nipples, but we were given one of these bottles as a gift.
Our daughter now uses both.
The only thing I've found is, we have to replace the nipples more often (but it could be because she is teething).
So I switched back to size 2 for now.
He guzzles a 4 ounce bottle in less than 5 minutes, which is HORRIBLE for a breastfed baby.
He doesnt know when hes full and ends up spitting up a ton after feeds.
Since this is the slowest flow Avent offers, Ive had to look for new bottles.
One of the infants lives in our household and I can state that Avent is at the top of my list when it comes to bottles and nipples.
My baby always gags and gets too much from the newborn size, but she has no problems at all with these.This is quite ingenious!
I don't know if any other manufacturers have them, but they are such a great idea.
Instead of a hole there is a slot in the top.
Around the side are the marks I,II and III.
You line up the marks with the baby's nose and that dictates how fast the flow of milk is.
This teat allows a thicker liquid to flow through so you can add rice or another cereal of your choice if you need to.
My baby is in the 90th percentile and at 8 weeks old Milk just wasn't enough.
I put 1 tablespoon of rice in with 4 ounces of milk initially and then later on increased that to 2 tablespoons (all with doctor's approval).
It is a much thicker liquid but flowed through this teat easily.
My newborn baby was swallowing the formula very fast when I used the 3 months size so I ordered this one.
When we finally did switch him (at the proper time) to the next nipple he kinda gagged as he wasn't used to getting so much milk / formula.
However, I can't go above three stars for this particular component of the system.I've noticed that this size ("fast flow" / four-holes / 6+ months) tend to wear out and break before the end of its service life.
(I guess they can last longer, but it is recommended you replace them every three months.)
Basically, I think the four holes make the top of the nipple weaker, and it leads to it splitting wide open.
Also, rather than sticking them on the on the little posts in the dishwasher, I started putting them on the bottom of the top rack, in hopes that will make them last longer.Avent nipples are made in England.These are the BEST nipples I have ever used!
I call them dial a nipple!
You line the number, you want to use, up with the babies nose and it's smooth sailing!
1 is for slow flow, 2 is a faster flow and 3 is for cereals or thicker liquids.
They are strudy and long lasting and you can purchase them in different stages so that the nipples never get old because before they are worn out its time to change them.
I also mix cereal and feed it this way, especially first thing in the morning, when she is impatient to eat.
What a great idea!
Happy baby makes Grandma happy!After trying a few bottles, I went to avent and never went back.
The nipples are great.
I used them with both my sons.These are very durable nipples.
They've withstood numerous washings/sterilizing and they maintained their appearance and function.
Since we were stuck with our purchase, we tried it and now our baby wouldn't go back to these.We were looking to replace our worn out nipples and these were the exact same ones that came with the original bottles!New parent here.
Annoying.
Have to return and replace.We started with number 1 nipple until my daughter was about 2 or 3 months, then switched to number 2 nipple, which she used until 5 or 6 months.
It worked great.
We moved to the number 3 nipple until she was 1 year old, when she stopped using the bottle completely.Best price around!
Almost half retail!
Love it!
I recently bought the Medium Flow Nipples, since our baby is 3 1/2 months.
I think these will be great in another month, and are too fast for the moment.
Overall, the Avent bottle system is great and I would recommend to others.Hold up for multiple children.
Do well in dishwasher in a kid container / rack that we got from Target.These nipples are well made and do exactly what they should.
It did come fast and do the job.
I only wish I was able to use the coupons I had!After I dropped a nipple down the garbage disposal while washing I was in the market for a few replacements.
If you use cereal, you will need the 4 hole (6month) to get done in a resonable time!!!
!formula normal eater= 3 hole (3 month)Formula slow easter= 2 hole (entry)Formula normal eater with Cereal= 4 hole (6 month)Our girl eats formula, and cereal with veggies anf fruit.
she does not get cereal in the bottle, as it took to long, but when she is ready to eat quickly we will go to the 4 hole (6 month)nipple.All in all, beast the rest, buy the best!
They work great and are very reasonable.
Love Avent!
!We started out with the Size 1 AVENT nipple and then when our son was around two months we switched to size 2 and once he got to be around 3.5 we moved him to size 3.
It definitely has a faster flow than size 2 and he is able to take his bottle a lot faster.
It took him a little time to get used to the faster flow, but he does fine with it now (five months old).
I don't plan to move up to a size 4, I'll just stick with the size 3 until he is weaned.
Our son is exclusively formula fed.I like the avent nipples because they don't deform like the medela ones.
I haven't tried many nipples since he seemed to do fine on these.
I'm trying to breast feed and sometimes he just gets impatient with me (I have a low supply) and wants the bottle.
I bought these to put into some "2" nipples I had since I got a set of these avent bottles.Even for my 1-month old the flow is too fast for her.
Might just be my baby is a particularly slow eater.
This is the first and only bottle he has tried.
He took to the Avent nipple right away.
Since he is breastfed, I am still using the #1 flow nipple in order for a slower flow.
He has no issues drinking from it even still.This nipple works great for both my babies.
No problems latching (on either) going back and forth from breast to bottle.MY LITTLE BABY LOVES THIS NIPPLES....I EXPEND TWO MONTHS BUYING DIFFERENT KIND OF NIPPLES AND BOTTLES AND FINALLY!
!I FOUND THE PERFECT BOTTLE AND PERFECT NIPPLEThese bottle nipples work as intended.
fast flow, etc), so we had to keep using this kind for several months.
The thing is that, at the end of their lifetime, the 2 holes on top widen and allow more liquid to go through.
It's jut the result of normal &#8220;&#34;wear an tear&#8221;.
New to being a parent it is great to be able to change out the nipples when a new flow is needed or the nipples are wore out rather than having to buy new bottles.works well, felt like the baby was fighting with getting enough milk fast enough.
Put these on and now she can keep upThese nipples are FANTASTIC!
I haven't seen them in stores and I was a little hesitant to buy but the good reviews were hard to resist.
My doctor said I could start my daughter on rice cereal at 4 months.
Spoon feeding was NOT cutting it.
I had heard of people putting holes in the nipples of bottles to allow the rice cereal to move through, but you run the chance that you can't control the flow.
So I purchased these and replaced the nipple that comes with the bottle.
LOVE IT!
She is no longer wanting to eat every 2 hours.
She also is actually NAPPING longer.
As it sits gets thinner.
Formula allows for a thicker mixture.2) If your baby can't handle the flow of the liquid, don't blame the nipple or the bottle.
Blame the thickness of the mixture.
Add more rice to thicken to slow down the flow.
Rule of thumb is 1 TBSP of cereal for 4 oz of BM/Formula.
Have I had this happen to me?
Yes.
Have I fixed it?
Yes.
If you look at the nipple, there is a small seal at the lip of the nipple which is what PREVENTS leaking.If you're bottle is leaking?
Unscrew and try again.
).If it STILL leaks, then I suggest you need to replace the nipple and/or a new bottle screw ring.Great thing I just found was these bottles?Philips AVENT 9 Ounce BPA Free Bottles, Pink, 3 PackThere is an extra valve ring to help seal.If any of my bottles leak, I follow the steps above.
Never had it leak twice in a row on me.
I have used Avent bottles with my son (2) and my daughter (4 months).
With him I got frustrated about the leaking UNTIL I found someone else's review sharing this information.
Please keep it in mind.
You can convert the bottles to a sippy cup with ease.
LOVE THAT FEATURE!I don't use Avent bottles for "newborns" until like 1-2 months old (also I have established breastfeeding on both my children) so I can't speak to the size 1 flow nipple until that time period.
However our newborn is now here and wasn't putting on enough weight.
We are now using the Medela nipples instead and he's feeding so much better.The slow flow are recommended for breast fed babies since the flow is similar to breast.
My baby sucks the milk out of bottle way too fast with these nipples.
4 ounces gone in under two minutes.
Too bad there isn't a way to slow her down other than taking the bottle out of her mouth.These nipples are perfect if you add cereal to your baby's formula or breast milk.
I've used these on two of my babies and would recommend them to anyone.Just what I needed.
Shipped fast.
Buy it if you are looking for quality to your life; soft and easy to use it.I purchased these because the regular nipples on my wide-neck Dr. Brown bottles have too fast of a flow for my 3 week old (side note: these fit the Dr. Brown's wide-neck bottles perfectly).
My son choked on the milk from his bottle when we used these because the milk was pouring into his mouth.
I see that some other reviewers with newborns have loved this nipple.
Philips AVENT Natural Glass Bottles.
I gave it to him with the II mark facing him.
The flow didn't seem to fast or too slow.
My son is teething and these nipples hold up well amidst his chewing/gumming.
We have &#34;up sized&#34; Avent nipples quicker than other brands.
These nipples also seem to work well w my son's reflux.
Will continue to purchase.don't waste your time trying to find a cheaper, generic nipple for your Avent bottles!!
it does!Great price!
I wish I would have ordered several more packs.
I wish they were sold in a bigger quantity pack besides 2 or 50.
I needed 8 and ended up getting a few more laterWe love Philips Avent bottles and nipples.
I can't find them anymore where I live and to be honest was not to pleased with the product, since the bottle is small you can only fit like half tub of baby with an ounce at most of formula with it.
Never failed it would leak and make a mess everytime I used it but since it was the only way of feeding my little one I put up with it.
Then I found these and since my son has being using the Avent Classic bottles since he was born I figured I would try it.
I tried other nipples from Avent but they wouldn't allow the baby food to flow out of the nipple and he would get frustrated easily.
Glad to buy the upgraded replacement nipples for his age range to be able to continue to use them.I love Avent bottles & nipples!
These were a good transition from the lowest flow.For our son as a newborn.
No problems with cleaning or melting in the dishwasher.
Avent products have done us well since our son was born.My almost 4 month old baby loved this.
Perfect for 6 month olds!Do yourself a favor and save some money.
If your old nipples don't seem to have enough flow for your baby anymore, get a needle and make a few more holes into it.
That is all it takes.Perfect for juices and nestum.
Switching up to a level 3 has been great for him in terms of being able to take in more forumla.
He was eating anywhere from 30 to 120 cc before, now he is eating 150+ because he isn't expending all his energy trying to breathe and suck at the same time.
It's also cut down on the amount of time it takes to feed him.
Wish I had started using these earlier but all the nurses and doctors recommended using the Preemie nipple!I am an exclusive bfing mom, so when it got close to time to go back to work I started working with baby to take his milk from a bottle.
I have always used the Avent brand.
The nipple is wide enough for baby as to hopefully prevent nipple confusion.
But when I tried giving my son a bottle he sucked a few seconds then started to cough.
I also turned it upside down and instead of a slow drip is was a stream.
It took him about an afternoon, but we have a lot of furniture.
They are easy enough to unhook when you need to move something, but they hold well.
Cheaper than I could find anywhere else.Love these!
They are easy to install and give me so much more peace of mind knowing that if my kiddo were to climb up the bookcase or his dresser- they are secured to the wall and couldn't fall and crush him.Works alright.
Bought some from ToysRus and had to return them because they didnt work, thats why i turned to amazon for these.
The only thing that worked for our shelves was centering each in front of one stud and hooking one strap to the back.
We have had them attached to the wall for about a week now and they seem as though they'll do the job!These brackets were very frustrating to install.
There are much less cumbersome safety straps out there!Very sturdy hardware, easy to use, everyone should have these.
Thanks for the great reviews for helping me see these straps were the ones to buy.I feel these are more durable that the plastic zip tie looking ones.
I also like how I can easily adjust or unhook the straps if needed.I bought these after my son yanked open a drawer on a 5 drawer dresser and it tipped and fell on him.
I was standing right there and was able to catch it and break the fall.
If it had fallen on him I doubt he could have survived.
We strapped everything in the house to the walls and found these straps to be easy to use.
Buy them, use them, prevent serious injury.These straps come with easy to follow instructions.
They are durable, relatively discrete (white is a good color choice), and they give use the peace of mind that our toddler cannot tip the furniture.
We'll be buying more.We had a bookshelf in our daughters room that we didn't want her pulling over, and these worked great.
Perfect solution, no issues installing.just what we needed.
my 24month old is just starting to climb and we have lots of tall dressers and shelves.
plus we live in CA, so this is a win-win for everyone!We purchased these to secure a large mirror and bookcase to keep our toddler safe.
I followed the instructions carefully, drilled pilot holes, etc., and I still had difficulty.
I am returning all of these in favor of angle braces.
This is ridiculous.These were easy to install and I don't see how a piece of furniture with two of these could fall over - without taking the wall studs with it.
I just couldn't get these to work at all.We bought these when we converted our twins cribs to toddler beds and they had more freedom.
Protect your kids!
Bolt down furniture so they don't get hurt!We finally broke down & secured all the furniture to the walls recently.
We had the brackets from that came with the furniture (mostly ikea stuff, but some other brands as well) & 1 set of these.
Always possible for a long screw to break, just drill a pilot hole.
Straps seemed sturdy.
If you want them flush to the wall, you need to install the wall piece well below the piece attached to the unit (several inches.
Husband says they were easy to install and didn't take that long.
Very Sturdy plastic.
You twist and twist and twist all four of the touch points, and if you don't do it just right, the gate will be wonky or pop out of the wall.
This gate does not work at the bottom or top of stairwells well at all, but is pretty decent in standard doorways.
Very sturdy, easy to install, even comes with a wrench!
3) Other tension gates I have (dreambaby extra wide gate) worked fine, but it was really tough to get it just right so that both parts latched/locked correctly without being so tight that it wouldn't latch.
Even with the changes for the worse, I think this is still the best doorway gate out there and well worth the money.I used this gate at a family member's house, and I loved it, so I bought one for our place.
However, it is too small for our normal, standard width hallway.
I have to buy the extension for it.
It's a great gate, but I think it should be a little wider.
I was REALLY looking forward to putting it up and containing my crazy toddler, but now I have to wait on the mail man to bring the extension kit.I bought this product as a dog gate for my boston terrier puppy.
I love the step feature.
This gate is also quite tall which is nice.
Great gate, great value!I love that this gate installs very easily, and the gate swings both ways.
We installed this in a bedroom frame, and easily moved it to over the stairs.
I love that it doesn't leave any residue on the walls.
One thing I did notice was that after I put it together, my 2yr old daughter happened to be watching, she immediately knew how to open the gate!
Even if it did fit I still would have had to return it since she knew how to open it.
Great gate for younger children/pets.Good:-Easy to open with one hand.-Works great for keeping the dog out of the nursery.-Really like the pressure mounting, easy to install.Bad:-Gate creeksWe put it in a doorway that we walk through constantly, I can open it with no hands (i.e.
holding the baby)  It keeps out the dog (about 65 pounder) and withstands some jail bar style shaking from my 1 year old.
There are no little places where kids can get their fingers pinched so I feel safe closing it even when my extremely curious and active 8 month old is crawling and climbing on it.
Buy it for the entrance to hallways or in doorways where you want the door open sometimes but don't want babies in and out of that room.This is a fantastic gate!
He is now 20 months old and there are absolutely no complaints...just praise.
The pedal seems to be improved as I have yet to have it break.
I still recommend this gate above and beyond all the rest.
Matter of fact I am about to buy another one this weekend to put upstairs.I used this gate for both of my girls and eventually a little girl that my MIL babysat.
It's very durable and the ease of use and set up is great.
It's also a plus that the fram stays in place and you dont' have to remove it all the time like other gates.
The one part that might give out will be the pedal.
My husband broke it once when we first got this because the animal that he is put too much weight on it (the gate stands up nicely to regular pressure).
I do have to say that the company was great when I called them for a replacement part and sent it out the very same day.
I am now 4 1/2 months pregnant and will buy a new one.
It was well worth the money.
I had tried several other gates and was not happy at all with any of them.Nice and sturdy!
Easy to install and use.
This gate wont budge when it is installed so it is very safe.
My oldest is almost 4 and she still cant open it on her own.
She isn't heavy enough for the peddle.
Its just that my daughter could rip this one right out.
The others that I had held up when she would do her monkey in a cage routine but this one would rip out.
It holds on for a while but still she can tear it down.
So I wouldn't recommend it.We needed a sturdy gate at the top of our stairs that was pressure mounted because we had to mount it on both sides to our wood balusters.
We did tons of research and finally settled on this one.
We couldn't be happier with our pick!
The hands-free option is an absolute must if you're getting this because you have small children.
I can step on the release and nudge the gate open with my knee, so my hands are still securely on my child in my arms.
The gate swings nicely in both directions and easily latches back in place.
I don't especially like that the bar is underneath, but I also understand that there's no way around it.
I will say that at least the designers tried to alleviate the annoyance of the bar by adding in slopping plastic mounds around the bar.
They're not great but definitely better than just the bar.
We also had to get the extension and it works great.
We were right on the edge of needing another extension but it actually works great with just the one.
Also, when you pull it out of the box it appears be bent, but it's made that way and it works once it's in.
It's also easy to assemble and install.
We might even get another one for the bottom of the stairs because it works so well.This is a great gate.
Very sturdy and easy to open.
I recently moved it to a doorway and spent just 15 minutes (since I am now an experienced baby gate installer).
It is tension mounted with no hardware or tools required.
It does come with a little plastic wrench, which is useful for the final tightening once you have the gate in place.
You have to stop and use your hand, foot, or knee to push it all the way closed - at least on mine.
I like that if she has her hands on the gate, there is nowhere for her fingers to get pinched as I open it.
Well, there is one place she could; if she ever messed with the foot pedal near the bar that it's connected to.
The braces come off the doorjamb just ever so slightly, but it is still secure.I have also used it in a hallway with one extension.
In the hall, the top two braces were affixed on the wall, and the bottom two on floorboards, which come out about 1/2" and I still got a secure fit.
The hall is 38" and one extension did the trick, but the extensions are about $16 so it could get expensive if you needed to make it wider.
The manufacturer recommends only going up to 44".
When I removed the gate from the hall there was damage to the wall under one of the top braces - it removed paint and texture.We love this sturdy, easy gate.
It works best in a doorway that you want closed off for sure.
We use it in the entrance to our son's room.
It keeps him in and our 3 dogs out.
Completly hands free is such a plus!!!!!!
Simple to use!!!
Fits very snug...it isn't going anywhere.
The vertical only slats are great because our son tries to climb this gate and I truely believe that if we had bought a traditional gate with vertical and horizontal slats that he would be able to climb it!!!
I recommended this to all our friends already!!
!This thing has now survived up to two 90th percentile twin 2yo boys yanking on it day after day.
I bought an incline stoop thing for the bottom, and I did put a couple of screws in the door frame where the top compression feet meet just to keep them from pushing it out.
I thought that feature was one of the main advantages of the older gate version.
Why would the manufacturer discontinue that?
Kudos to Dreambaby for thinking of selling such a product.
I can walk through it with a baby in my arms and other junk in my hands, and I don't have any trouble getting it open.
We are using one extension with this gate.
The measurements of it (the gate) and what space it will fit (with/without extensions) is accurate too.I have a puggle and boxer, and neither one can jump this gate or accidentally open it.
It is so easy to install- did it myself and I'm not usually good at putting things together.
Easy!!
LOVE IT!!!
It doesn't leave "marks" on the trim or "damage" the walls... some reviewers must be over-tightening their gates if they're having that much trouble.
It also has NEVER shifted out of place- ever... and I've had it in a high traffic area (where it's used over and over throughout the day)for nearly 3 months.
Great gate- worth the money!We had no idea there were so many (confusing) options to buying a gate.
This was the ONLY one that did what we needed without any extra bells and whistles.
Wrong!The only other one we could find in the stores is Evenflo's gate with a remote.
It clicks shut easily with just a swing of the gate.
Just make sure you use the instructions to install it so you have the correct tightness for the latch (they provide a wrench that takes out the guesswork).The ONLY reason I'm giving it 4 stars is the width.
Many models go wider and you have to purchase an extension for larger openings (i.e.
our "I thought, standard" hallway).
Because it fits smaller openings, it makes for a very narrow gate.
I would prefer they made two models so you're not left with a small opening while walking through a larger hall.Otherwise - it's THE gate to have for non-stair situations!!
I could be in the bathroom watching him in the hall as I did my hair or cleaned, without him getting into the toilet or pulling the blowdrier down.
I love that when guests came over, the bathroom door would still shut, and they all loved that it was so easy to use.
The pressure mounts are very secure and were very gentle on both of the appartments we have used it in as well.
I love that my tall 35 lb and 39 inch 2 year old can't open it, but that for anyone over 6 that has tried it in my home, it is very simple and effortless!
The other reviewers who note that some parts are made of cheap plastic are right - one of the little click thingies on the bottom of one of our two gates get stuck more than it should, but it still works well enough for our purposes.
We love how they open and close by pushing on the pedal (ours has worked perfectly, although I see that some had said that theirs breaks) and opening with the knee.
We use them to block off parts of our house to our one year old and have used them since he started to crawl.
We are ordering a third one to block off the stairway upstairs now.
There are a few that break more than they should and very rarely a toddler that can figure out how to open them.
That hasn't happened for us, and we use two of these, nor has it happened for friends (and friends of friends) who've had one of these for several years.
I suspect that anyone's who broke had the gate in the entrance either too tightly or crooked.
So, use the tool that comes in the box for checking the tightness, and use a level(ing device) to get it straight.Utilized these for our stairs and they work very well.
It is also convenient since there are no levers to pull or push with your hand to open.
It's totaly hands free leaving you to carry other things while you walk through the gate.
We thought that the opening might be a little small, but once it's up it doesn't seem so bad.I Only rate this item 4 Stars because I just purchased it today.
It was very simple to assemble, I didnt even need my husband for help.
We purchased this gate because of the great reviews and also because I have 2 70lbs Terriers that need to start getting used to being guarded off.
Although Im only 6 months pregnant I know this gate is going to work out great for our dogs when our baby is here.
You can then push the gate open with a hand or a knee.
The bars on the gate are well-spaced so even small infants shouldn't be able to crawl through.
It is easy to install and works great.
You have to step on the foot pedal to open the gate and little kids can't step hard enough so it is perfect.
We are moving to a new house and we are getting two more for the staircase.
Who wants to step over a gate?
Nice and sturdy, though.So we had a little bit of an interesting situation.
My husband and I were moving in to my parents' house after they built their house.
We were preparing to live in the house about 1 year in advance, which is when I purchased this gate and installed it at my parents' house for when they had my daughter over there.
Not only was the outside covered in plastic, the entire hinge was made of plastic!
Are you kidding me?
That much for a gate and you can't even give me a durable hinge?
We have 4 of them throughout the house.
I can open it easily carrying the baby or groceries.
It fits securely and doesn't loosen.
It is great quality.
It needs a lot of pressure to open, so it's great that kids can't open it.
I recommend this gate!We love this gate, we bought one to block of the top of the staircase, and we wanted a second one t block off the living area and the kitchen... unfortunately the coverage range of this product is very limited... even with the extensions.The gate overall is made out of solid material.
Other than that, it has worked well and my daughter hasn't been able to get it open no matter how much she bangs and shakes on it.We got this gate plus two extensions, one for either side, almost a month ago for our triplets who just turned a year old.
It does!
And after measuring and you think using the gate with both extentions will just barely fit, try it, but more than likely it will be wobbly a bit.
Just keep that in mind.
Otherwise, this is a great gate!
We have the added baseboards along the bottom of our walls plus the tiny toe boards and because this is all pressure mounted it adjusts great.
Just take your time and get things even and straight.
It doesn't take long to set up, 15-20 minutes tops.
It works great for us since we live in military base housing and want to avoid putting holes in the walls to fill in later.
We have the Clear View Gate on the playroom which we love but for the kitchen doorway we needed something wider and more convenient with the smaller swing door since we use the kitchen more.
The gate swings either way which helps too!
Also, just a note I thought mine was bent when I first got it, but once my husband installed it according to the directions it was perfect.Product delivered on description.
Easy to use, install, and hands free.
Although it's so sturdy, if there wasn't the rule about needing to be hardware mounted it would work for stairs.
About 32&#34;.
This works well in the space.Cons: The foot pedal length will prevent you from closing the door.
It makes a pretty loud sound when doing so, and so quietly  checking in on the baby is a challenge.It's not really hands free because as you enter, the gate swings very fast and so whatever is on the other side, like, the door, is going to get banged.
If it had a wider gate opening, I would have given it a 5 star rating.
However...- The hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
I was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there wasn't more mention of this feature.- This one also had the most secure latch feature.
You have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
(ie.
(Child safety gates 8/04)-  Unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.-  I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.-  It's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller.-  All in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included  / gate is 36" Tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"-  This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal.-  The gate opening is about 19" - which I thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.-  The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.-  It does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.-  However, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
For example, I had a lot of doorways that are about 33" and this gate didn't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it didn't seem stable.
And the 5" extension was too big to add.
(vs. the kidco gate's extensions add 2.75" as needed).- It's by far the tallest and I liked that since my daughter has been in the 95% so far.
Think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
The opening for this gate was also very narrow.
We returned this for the North State Industries easy close gate, which we love....in medical bills!
Previously, we had a cheap wood, stationary gate in our hallway.
I must have hefted my pregnant self and my 10 month old over that gate a hundred times a day and it was taking a serious toll on my back and knees.
After about the 10th time I nearly fell over the darn thing, I went to find a new gate and saw this one.
Next day I picked up at BRU (I had to get the extender peice too) and installed it.WONDERFUL.
Couldn't be more thrilled.
Just step and nudge.We still had to use hands to open be/c hitting it with your knee hurts.
Also the plastic foot peddle started to warp after a few months of use.Not only is this gate incredibly easy to install and incredibly sturdy, but it is also great for pets.
We don't have any children, but we do have two dogs and two cats.
I just installed this gate in about 10 minutes and it's great because the cats can still have the run of the house by jumping it.
It also keeps our Black Lab from passing through.Buy this gate!
I just got rid of our superyard gate.
That was not very good to use because you have to climb in and out of the gate.
It is plastic but still it hurts!
Since we just change to this hands free gate, we are so relieved.
So check out you base boards before you order.I purchased this gate at Babies R Us, but read the reviews first from Amazon.
I just purchased a toddler bed for my child and the gate is used to keep her in her bedroom at night.
The gate was so easy to put together and fits perfectly at the entrance of her bedroom door.
To open it, all you do is step on the foot pedal, which is needs weight to open.
When it's suppose to stay open.
Oh, well!
!We have two of these gates that we use to contain the babies (15 mo.
and 4 mo.)
IN the living room and to keep the dog OUT of the living room.
Easily installed and adjustable.
We haven't had to use any extensions.
15 mo.
old can't open it but 6 yr. old nephew can operate it easily on his own.
We are buying a third one of these to keep the 15 mo.
old out of the laundry room.
I've had it for more than six months and haven't had any problems.I have researched every gate on the market at this point.
We wanted pressure mounted gates but I was concerned that the opening of this particular gate would not be wide enough for my husband.
Especially while trying to carry a new baby.
So this is great.
The only other thing that is taking a while to get used to, is there is a bar at the bottom of the gate- even in the opening, so you still have to watch your step, but it is less of a hassle than having to take down gates or step over them.
overall, I would recommend.We are veterans of many types of gates for both dogs and now kids, and I am crestfallen that it took us this long to discover this terrific model.
It works in both directions!
I was skeptical the pedal was baby-proof, but letting my son (who is the median weight of a two and a half year old) put his full weight on it didn't budge it a bit.
The design is also very attractive; nice thin white metal instead of the usual lattice-work plastic on most gates.One comment on an earlier negative review, where the Grandparent indicated their 15-month-old could pull up the foot pedal: this cannot open the gate if the top is properly tightened!
(See below).
Since it swings open, if you want to use the gate in only one location, the portability isn't an issue.All in all, just about the coolest gate I've used.This is a great gate over all--convenient, sturdy, etc.
We use it at the top of the stairs.
IT IS EASY TO OPEN WHILE CARRYING MY BABY AND KEEPS THE DOG IN THE FAMILY ROOM WHEN WE ARE AWAY.
THE DOOR SWINGS IN BOTH DIRECTIONS WHICH IS TERRIFIC IN MY DOORWAY.
Not only does this gate confine pets and babies/toddlers/little kids, it seems to be adult-proof, too.
Every single adult that has come into my house has hesitated at this gate because they couldn't figure it out.
The rubber grip pads just ripped the paint right off when I released the tension in the holding rods.
So yeah, having to patch that sort of defeated the purpose of avoiding a gate that required mounting hardware.- Pedal can get "stuck" and become temperamental.
I think this also causes problems with closing.
You should be able to close this easily by just pushing the gate back, but it always sticks in one of the directions and requires more care to close it properly.- I don't know how, but my now almost 21 month-old has managed to open this gate maybe 10 times by now.
She refuses to tell me how and every time I try to watch her try, she acts all helpless and can't open it.
easy to use, and easy to install.
This is also very sturdy.
Gives great piece of mind.
I love that you don't need to use your hands to open and close it.
Installed without any problems, adjusts to fit any door way in our house (old house, nothing is even...).
The pedal is a great design feature and allows us to move easily in and out while carrying things (garbage?).
No complaints after 3 months of use.She said it was easy to install, she had to do it her self because her hunny was in Iraq.
It was easy to install and so far seems to be holding up very well.
But overall, at this point, we love it!We got this to gate our hallway so our 23 month old twins will stop getting into drawers and wrecking things.
Not their safety so much as my sanity.
We have an old house with the cut glass doorknobs and the door knob thingies are hit or miss on them.
It's sturdy and attractive, easy enough to open even if your arms are full of toys, laundry, children...  but not so easy my girls were able to figure it out (again, we only had it 9 days though!).
What happened is the little pressure-mounted pads to hold the gate in place had to sit above these moldings, leaving a gap beneath the gate.
My husband slid a block of wood beneath this gap (actually one our window props, gotta love old houses!)
which seemed to fill the gap nicely...  until today...  when I went to open the gate, the wood went flying out, the gate slid down, the pressure pad stayed in place...  so the bolt that adjusts the pad bent, and now the whole top of the gate seems cockeyed.
Not sure yet if I can fix it - I can't figure out exactly where the issue is.This gate seemed like a good idea...  but you need to find a way to fill in the gap underneath, or else it will creep down over time as you push the pedal, and the whole thing will pop out like mine did.
- it will work great  But it seems like something they should have thought of when they made the gate.edited - we got the gate working again, with a block of wood beneath it.
I noticed in someone's "add your own picture" picture they mentioned cutting the molding to make the gate fit.
Isn't the whole point of a pressure mounted gate so you don't have to alter anything?
Girls still haven't figured out how to open it and boy are they mad.We got this style because we didn't want to attach hardware to our door frames.
The step is now noisy, which I may be able to fix with some WD40 or something, but I just haven't tried yet.
I like that that one has the plastic guard at the bottom to act as a transition.
I've kicked the bottom bar while going through many times!
The opening of this gate is also slightly narrower than the other gate.
This one is also a little taller.
Overall it does the job, but if I had to purchase again I would buy the other First Years model instead.We use this gate to block baby from going into the kitchen.
Voila, the hands-free gate!
It is great, you can open and close it with your foot and knee just like the other reviews state.
We had to buy 2 extensions, one on each side of the gate to cover the opening to our kitchen.
They work great, we have had no problems.
There was one part that wouldn't fit properly, my husband had to bend something with pliers to get it to fit on.
Caused about 10 minutes of extreme aggravation, haha.
Second, the pedal is so noisy when you push down on it!
I need to try some WD-40 to see if that will help, I honestly haven't tried that yet.
But still, we really like this gate and the noise problem doesn't change that fact!
Baby hangs all over it and I don't see how she would ever be strong enough to press down on the pedal herself and open it, you really do need to press hard!There are so many pros, so few cons to this gate.
It's tall, there's no way my 2-year-old can get over it.
Incredibly convenient swinging door.
If you follow the instructions on how to correctly tighten it on the door frame you won't have trouble.
I didn't do that the first time and I was getting frustrated.
The gate was smarter than me!My son, who is Mr. Motor Skills, cannot open it.Would make an excellent dog gate for small dogs.Sometimes the pedal can get sticky and you have to push on it a little harder, but that's really my only complaint.TL;DR if you are looking for a great gate that will function well for 6 months, and inevitably break in unrepairable ways, this is the gate for you!I loved these gates.
We bought two of them and they were relatively easy to install and had been very effective at keeping our rambunctious 2 year old out of the kitchen and hallway.
The foot petal requires quite a bit of pressure, and even kept our 6-yr old nephew contained pretty well :)That being said -- their reliability over time is *horrendous*.
These gates come with only a 90-day warranty, and both gates started breaking in obviously flawed ways within 6-months.
They shipped out two replacement pegs and I was able to get the door working within a few days.
That being said -- the issue will certainly happen again, as there is nothing preventing the spring from separating.
This is a clear design flaw.Weeks later our second gate broke.
After taking off the plastic assembly for the foot petal, I found that the metal pin which connects the plastic petal to the metal arm was completely broken (in two places).
There is no way to fix this broken gate.
I think it also speaks volumes that they offer 1-2 year warranties on almost all of their baby products -- except the gates.
I love the fact that you don't have to hardware mount the gate (no drilling into the doorways required), and it's still very sturdy.
It was incredibly easy to install, and is very safe and secure.
It's too small.
It fits soundly in doors less than 30&#34; in width, so measure your doorway before you buy.The mounts do not securely fasten onto the gate, so when you move it from doorway to doorway or when installing, these fall out of the gate, and you have to balance these during installation.Yes, there are extensions available, but these are sold as an accessory, and with the combined cost, there are other better options available.I don't recommend this product as we replaced it with a simpler, lower-cost solution.
Save yourself.My wife and I had gone through about 8 types of baby gates, including 5 or 6 for the entryway that connects living room and kitchen.
Although our son (18 months, ~28 pounds) has an idea of -how- it works, the foot pedal requires far too much pressure for him to get it to open.
I bought 4 gates (three brands), this gate the Summer and the dream baby I had to purchase other items to install this gate.
2 months later the foot pedal broke.
8 months later the gate was broken all together.
This wasn't a bad value but not nearly as good as the Summer Extra Tall Decorative and even the dream baby is better than this one.
I wouldn't buy this gate again.I needed a gate for the top of the stairs, and searched Amazon for "baby gate top of stairs."
This gate is the second item returned.
Of course as soon as we opened the box the instructions clearly say DO NOT USE AT THE TOP OF STAIRS.
The opening isn't HUGE but it still works.
Some advice though, don't tighten it too tight or you won't be able to get the door open.
The first one I ordered was defective but Amazon was very quick to replace it with a new one and works great.
I have a 7 year old daughter and she does have a little trouble stepping down on the pedal to get it to work so I think that might take some time.
I am guessing that the people who say their infant has figured out how to do that must have super babies.
We have a toddler who has outsmarted several other gates, and this one is incredible sturdy and well-made, we will be buying more of this style if we are blessed with another child!
May need to look into getting something more advanced for him but for under 2 years, this does the job.
After the first year with my newborn, I've come to need a coupe more gates.
I have tried 4 other similar ones and quickly sent them back.
I do need the extensions, which makes it more expensive, so I will be purchasing two more of these in the very near future!
!works great!
i have 2 of these installed.
buy the extension if you have wider opening.
if you have even wider opening - place a piece of wood next to the wall, i added an extra piece of 2x4 for one of the wide opening in the house.
it gives the extra 2 inches needed and also protects the wall.hands free operation is very handy when you have to hold the child or carry other stuff.This gate went on sale very cheap so I bought and instead of sending it to me they sent me neosporin and returned my money.
They are fantastic.
The foot pedal also requires a substantial push, so there is no way that the  baby (or a pet) would be able to do so on his or her own.
We had an opening with no door.
If you need a gate, look no further!
*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/UPDATE:Bought two more!
I like how it swings open both ways, opens with a foot pedal so it's hands free, and is incredibly sturdy though it's pressure-mounted.
My ONLY disappointment with this gate is that it doesn't fit well on our stairs.
We live in a small apartment and the wall doesn't jut out far enough from the bottom step in order for the foot pedal to work.
We were able to block our two dogs from the baby in the kitchen and when he's in his playgym on the floor.
I love the fact that you don't have to unlock it and put it aside.
It also swings in both directions.
It can be moved to another location if desired.
A great purchase and can withstand being manhandled by a toddler, yet can only be opened by an adult.I've been a child care provider and teacher for years.
Love it.This gate is very high quality and a snap to install.
The pressure installation won't hurt your door frames, and my 15 month old daughter hangs attacks it frequently and it doesn't budge.
Also swings both ways, so you can push it open whether you're coming or going.Highly recommend.Color washed off within one month of use and its a little too bulky for a newborn.
The pacifier is just ok.
I don't like these type of clips.
It's super cute but I wouldn't recommend this as a sturdy pacifier clip.
If you are looking for a more sturd clip, then I would try the Boogin Head ones.I bought this because my older daughter had one just like it about 9 years ago.
This clip is being used only when we go on car rides, so baby doesn't lose her pacifier.
Well after about 4 months of occasional use the clip itself won't close all the way, so it doesn't secure to anything.
Pacifier constantly falls onto the floor.
Very disappointed as it's a cute design and it fit in her pacifier holder.
Now its only purpose is to take up space in a landfill.
The kidco gate in combination with the Y Spindle has given me a safe and secure option for the bottom of my stairs.I absolutely love this gate.
It's great.
It is very stable and my little boy can't open it or pull it down.
I'm about to order another one for the top of the stairs.This was purchased for use in a special needs classroom.
It was easy to install, easy to use, and has stood up to the abuse of being used in a school classroom.
It is much more sturdy than previously used wood gates.
Even my 60 plus mother said it was easy to figure out how to use it without any instruction.
My other brand of gate didnt have that.
We use it at the bottom of our stairs along with a kidco y spindle.
If you have a similar staircase I would say this is the product for you!we wanted a gate for the balcony door and this fit perfectly!
set up was fast and easyI purchased two of these gates for the bottom of my stair cases.
They were fairly easy to install even though the instructions weren't that clear.
I had to buy a 5.5 inch extension and the Y spindle pack to fit my stairs.
Once I got it all together I was very surprised at how sturdy the gates were.
They seem to be of very high quality.So this gate's latch is slightly annoying but it did the job and kept my child off the stairs.
I was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there wasn't more mention of this feature.-  This one also had the most secure latch feature.
You have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
(ie.
(Child safety gates 08/04)-  Unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.-  I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.-  It's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller.-  All in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included  / gate is 36" Tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"-  This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal.-  The gate opening is about 19" - which I thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.-  The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.-  It does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.-  However, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
For example, I had a lot of doorways that are about 33" and this gate didn't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it didn't seem stable.
And the 5" extension was too big to add.
(vs. the kidco gate's extensions add 2.75" as needed).-  It's by far the tallest and I liked that since my daughter has been in the 95% so far.
However...- The hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
Think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
Good luck with your own purchase!We bought this gate a few months ago.
Overall, it's a good choice, although in my opinion it is a bit overpriced.
An appropriate price for the quality would be around $50.PROS:-Adjustable size-Door swings both in both directions-Door is pretty easy to open-Pressure-mounted (no damage to walls)CONS:-You have to lift the door as you open it.
This gets to be a bit of a pain-Not as sturdy as a hardware-mounted gate... it loosens over time so you do need to take minute to tighten it up periodically.Other reviewers have commented that the bar across the bottom is annoying.
I actually find it to be fine.
You do have to step over it, but it's only about 1" so it doesn't bother me.I will update this review when my baby starts walking...
I'm hoping that the pressure mount will be strong enough to hold up to a toddler!We got this for a one step down into a den.
Well, this gate has a metal plate across the bottom which becaome the cause of many trips, baby included.
Also, the handle mechanism actually fell open/aprt.
the first time, dh just screwed it back together.
It did it a total of 4 times before we just took it down.
THe opening is VERY NARROW.
I have many scratches and bruises on hip from that gate.
DH too.
If you are REALLY skinny with no dh, okay, maybe.
The design allows it to function well as a gate, yet allowing foot traffic through by the inclusion of a lockable door in the unit.
The gate is made of metal, but I deducted 1 star due to the locking mechanism being made of plastic.
Only time will tell how much real-world use it will stand up to.
We are using it at the bottom our basement stairs, and it is just what we needed.
I would recommend reading through the entire instruction booklet and looking at the pictures in the back first, but the entire installation only took me about 15 minutes, and that was with my 3 year old helping me.Things I love:1.
Nice wide gate (the part that swings open is wider than any other gate I have seen.
This is very helpful when trying to get through with a baby on one hip and a laundry basket on the other)2.
This gate requires more strength to open it, which means I am confident leaving the kids to play while I am in the next room)3.
Ease of installation (seriously, this was a very easy install requiring no additional tools)Things I would improve:1.
The height of the gate.
My 3 year old is an escape artist, and he has already figured out that he can push several toys over to the gate and climb over it.
Not too big of a deal since he can safely climb up and down the stairs, but it doesn't keep him contained at all.2.
The instruction booklet that comes with the gate.
BUT, the first gate I purchased was the standard gateway that uses hardware to install.
Kidco kindly includes two extensions making this gate much more versitile than most on the market.
The thing they don't tell you is that these extensions are held in by the same tension that holds the gate into the wall.
How about the brackets clip or screw that holds the brackets into place so they don't slide off while I'm trying to mount the gate?
Something!?
It was easy to install even with the extension we needed to buy with it.
My 4 year old can also use it without any issues which I like.I purchased this product used.
It was still easy to install and it is truly pressure mounted - we did not need to put holes in our walls.
We installed this at the bottom of our stairs, one step up.Pros:*This is a very sturdy gate.
My twins stand on the first step and constantly play and apply their weight.
*Its fairly simple to use one handed.
*The door can open either direction (although on the stairs that doesn't matter)Cons:I've been using this gate for at least 4 months now - I can't think of any.I bought another brand gate (a tall gate) to use in another entrance.
It is getting returned because 1.)
its not truly pressure mounted, and 2.)
AND I LOVE IT!For me, it is extremely comfortable to use.
I've used it for short and long periods (all day) of time and haven't had any problems.What I love about the Baby Bjorn carrier is that it's so easy to use alone.
It's easy to strap on, pick up your baby, strap him or her in and off you go.
The buckles and fasteners are easy to use and adjust as needed.My son loves it - he sleeps in it, or looks around as we walk along.
We've used it on walks, outings or just around the house.
I also use it when I go with my girls to playgroup.
I have two hands free to help them on play equipment and my son gets to see what his big sisters are doing.I would suggest trying before you buy if you do have any back problems as it may not suit you, but is has been a huge success in this house.If you are going to invest in a baby carrier, invest in the best.
Has a classy look to it and goes through the wash well.
The Baby Bjorn is simple to use, distributes the weight of baby evenly over both shoulders, and lulls the little one to sleep very easily.
I've seen Dad gain confidence taking charge of the little guy and strut proudly with the little one attatched to his belly.
While Baby gets the benefit of being close to Daddy and getting a feel for Daddy's rhythm and hearing Daddy's voice up close, Mommy gets the benefit of a break once in a while!
We used it at the State Fair this year and I can't begin to list its benefits over a sroller!
If you're debating between getting this or buying a sling, buy the Bjorn, and custom make your own sling (or find someone who does).
This is the best.Even before we had our baby I told my wife that I wanted this baby carrier as my first Father's Day gift.
I would recommend all dads (and moms) to consider getting their Baby Bjorn.
Along with the swing, the bouncer and a few other pieces of gear, it will not only make your first few parenting weeks easier to deal with but it will reward you time and again with unforgettable moments with your baby!After hearing all the positive comments about the Baby Bjorn carrier, I registered for it and got one as a shower gift.
So we purchased the NoJo sling, which my husband found pretty comfortable but I never really liked because I felt the weight was not evenly distributed.I am in good shape, work out and lift weights, but on long walks the Bjorn carrier really hurts my shoulders.
The straps cut in when I wear it for power walks, which was the purpose of my getting the carrier.
My suggestion would be that if you really want to be active with your carrier, be careful to get something with good, comfortable shoulder padding.
I can use it anywhere and it is pretty simple to use.
My son is now 4 mos and still fits comfortably in it.
This is a "Must Have" item.
It is kind of pricey, but worth the money since it has a 20 lb.
capacity and won't just be a couple of months worth of uses.My husband and I are students with two young children - ages 2 (27 months) and 3 months, so first of all, purchasing this item was a big step when we live on a tiny budget!
We LOVE it!!!
It also has the plastic snaps to hold up baby's head and the teathers to tighten or loosen the part that holds baby's head.
It also makes my life easy with my two little ones - my toddler is in the stoller, and the baby is in the baby bjorn - and i don't get tired of it no matter how long or far we end up walking.
!$80.00, fine.
Knowing what I know now, I would've paid $200.00.
This is the second pair of hands you need.
It's got the option of facing your baby outward as well and my daughter loved to look around as she got older.
I used to go to the grocery store with my daughter in her car seat (she is 3 months).
She would do nothing but cry!!
I tried to carry her.
I finally thought to use the Baby Bjorn Carrier.
What a surprise.
She loves it!!!
I got to shop for all the things I needed at the grocery store!!
She faces forward in it and loves to look around.
She also falls asleep in it!
Must Have!!!!!!!!
When he was little, I would put him in it, expecting him to sleep peacefully like so many other babies I had seen.
I use this mostly when I am out and shopping, rather than putting him in his baby bucket in the cart.
He loves to be up high and look around.
Everyone remarks on what a quiet, happy baby he is.
Now I have no problems with that at all, and my baby is about 16 1/2 pounds.
It's a little akward getting him into it when I am by myself and want him to be forward facing - but he doesn't seem to mind being flipped about and arched back over my shoulder for the little bit of time it takes.
I have tried adjusting the seat height, but I can't seem to find a way around this.
It made the baby so folded up, I was constantly checking his breathing, as well as constantly supporting his weight with my arm, which rather defeated the purpose of using the sling in the first place.
I understand how to do it in theory, but I have never tried it and doubt I ever will.I've only been using this for a month and this product has made my life significantly easier!
When my son wanted to be held, I would just put him in the carrier, thus leaving my hands free to do chores.
I had a sling which he didn't like, and plus the carrier is much more secure than the sling.
It is also great for walks outside when using a stroller would be too much of a hassle.
He always wanted to be carried and didn't like his travelsystem, so this was the only way I was able to take walks and move around the house with my hands free.
I also used it when we went shopping.
Lifesaver.
He is now 6 months old and he still loves it!
It is pricey, but I found it was well worth it for my sanity!This is a great carrier!
My son loves to fall asleep in it while I am working.
He was fortunately big enough to be carried around it in from day 1, but your child must be 21 inches to start using it.I actually liked this stool for the longest time.
What I love about it is the slip-resistant top and bottom.
However, as my kids got older and weighed more, I find that if they if they place their weight too much to one side it does tip over.
They've learned to be careful and we do still use this in their bathroom.
I was surprised that the plastic was able to cut him like that.
Now, I know Baby Bjorn did not intend for this stool to be used upside down, but my kids are always moving this stool around to use it in different places, and sometimes they leave it upside down.
These are just things to keep in mind if you purchase this stool.
I obviously haven't thrown mine out, but I wouldn't buy another one & it probably should have gone into the trash after a visit to the emergency room.This is a good step stool.
It helps my cautious 2 year old get into her queen size bed (no frame).I'm 5' 11&#34; so I've never had a need for a kitchen stool.
But out of curiosity I stood on this to see if it really could hold an adult (170lber) and it sure can!
I love that the entire stepping surface has treads for little feet, too!We have two of these and my toddler totes them all over the house to climb up on things.
We purchased the white one with the black top over 6 years ago.
It still looks great & will last until the grand-kids at the rate it is holding up.
There's a trade off here: if you build a perfectly stable stool with a wide base, then another safety scenario is created: the base becomes a tripping hazard.There are hazards in life.
Nothing is perfectly safe.
We taught our kids to step in the middle of the stool & demonstrated what would happen if they ignored our instructions.
With these instruction the stool has worked like a charm.It is a stool, yes, but I think it has been used more as a side table to her little chair in the family room until recently.
This is a well made step stool.
Good rubber on bottom and top.
Light enough for her to carry around, which she does to reach things.
The stool is just a little short for her and I wish it was bigger across because several times she has tried to step down onto it and she catches only the front edge and it tips forward.
Glad I have been right there to catch her.
Must say that I am impressed.
It is durable, sturdy and is a companion for my 2 year old.
She seems to take it all around the house (even climb up the sofa from the armrest side) just to go up the sofa.It has been very easy to have the young gal adapt to using it.
She gets up and gets down smoothly from her regular activities (brushing, using the toilet, etc).Highly recommend it to anyone whose child is about to be potty-trained or can wash hands or perform simple hygenic chores.this barely brings my kid up to the sink height upstairs.
It isn't tall enough to reach the sink downstairs, which has slick tiles that could use the BabyBjorn skid-proof grip.
Also since it is a plain color it I felt it didn't stick out in the bathroom as much as an Elmo or Dora would.Works perfectly, it has rubber on the bottom so that it doesn't slide on hardwood or tile.
My son loves to carry it around since we bought it, since now he can reach everything and be a troublemaker haha.
won't slip on any surface.
But I guess it will be hard to clean the top.Sturdy, easy for my 2-yr old to move around, and it doesn't slip when she's on it.
Good large surface area.
Good color selections.
Grippy top and feet.
I love this little bench.
Expect their children to use it.
My daughter uses it for the toilet and the sink and we haven't had any issues.
My twins are 2 years old and we recently start using the step stool and the matching potty and to be honest both products are disappointing.
But my other bathroom is tile and it slides a lot regardless of the rubber underneath.
This pink one is especially cute.
They are loud when you set them down, but I would imagine any stool would be.Nice nonslip surface and feet make it safer for the little ones to reach the bathroom sink.
Gets lots of use from my 2 & 4yos.I thought the price was a bit steep for a step stool, but man is it well made!
This Baby Bjorn one is also very strong, even for heavier children.
20-month old can stand on it without it being &#34;tippy&#34;.
I want to instill in him the habit of proper hand washing after toilet use right away, and having this at the sink will help.
I remembered seeing the Babybjorn step stool at a friend's house and decided to take it for a spin.
The stepping surface was only partially covered in non-slip materials and the underside had lots of jagged plastic.
The Target one and the Babybjorn are the same height (6 inches) so if your child needs something bigger, obviously this won't work for you.
The base is very wide compared to the other plastic step stool we have.
Sometimes, it has nothing to do with anything.
I like it because it won't slide out from underneath them.
I even use it.At first I didn't like this step as it wasn't tall enough for my then 2 year old son to get to the toilet seat on his own.
However, after several near miss falls on a small, sliding two-step Rubbermaid ladder, I realized that the BabyBjorn one is a safe choice.
And I like the way that it looks too and the fact that ours was made in Sweden (I believe it's now made in the USA).We use this cute little step stool all over the house.
We use it in the restroom so that my toddler can brush her teeth and wash her hands.
I also use it in the kitchen so that I can reach things on the higher shelves without having to climb on the counters or bring a chair in from the dining room.
I would recommend the product to anyone looking for a great little stool.
:)My toddlers are 34&#34; tall.
The step is still too short for the sink.
Otherwise the surface is wide enough for their feet and it does feels sturdy.This step stool is just right!
It is light but strong and sturdy.
Good grip surface on top and bottom.
Made in USA too!!
We bought one for each bathroom.With four kids (the oldest being 4 yo), we have five of these throughout the house.
Yes, it's most commonly used in the bathrooms for the toilet and sink but the kids also use this in our kitchen and bedrooms.
My 36" 4 yo can reach sink hardware easily.
My 28" 2 yo can use it to reach the water in the sink.-STURDINESS-These are incredibly sturdy.
You have to try to tip them over or be very careless (if the kids don't place their entire feet on the step).
These are meant for kids but can easily support me (170 lb).-SAFETY-With rubber grips on the feet, they don't move around at all on tile, hardwood, or carpet.
Not only do they have rubber on the feet but the step is also rubberized.
Additionally, all corners are rounded.-DESIGN-They do not look as nice as wooden steps in my opinion but since they are plastic, they are easy to clean.
All of ours are white and none of them have discolored.
They look at home as part of a toddler's bathroom but look a little out of place in other rooms of the house.-RECOMMENDATION-All my kids love these, including our 18-month old climber.
We continue to buy these when we need more steps.
Buy and sleep well knowing you have safe, functional step that will easily outlast your child's needs.I bought this for my 20 month old son bathroom.
It is a great height and helps him be able to reach the sink.
He wants to wash his hands all the time since he is able to reach!
He can also get on and off this stool his self being that it is sturdy enough for that.
Buyer be aware that it is kind of short, not tall enough for my 3-yr to watch her hands in the bathroom sink, , but good for getting on the toilet to potty.My toddler loves this stepstool.
It's very sturdy and even I've stood on it!
Recommended.A great step stool for those who don't want their house to look as though it's been overtaken by kid-themed stuff.
I like the non-slip rubber along the bottom to keep the stool in place, and the same rubber on top to keep the kid in place.
Bright colors add a bit of fun.We keep this stool under the sink in the bathroom so our son can wash his hands.
I am confident it will last a long time.
Has held up for a number of years and still looks brand new.
Purchased a second one for their bathroom upstairs.
Perfect for little feet.I looked at a few options before I choose this safe step.
It is well made and very sturdy.
Slip resistant and easy for my 2 year old to carry, but I needed it to be just an inch or so taller for him to reach the light switch and sink.
The issue we have is that it slides very easily on our laminate and tile bathroom floors.
If she is running into the bathroom and gets on the stool too fast, odds are she'll end up on the floor.
We just bought rubber grippy strips to line the bottom of the stool with.
Hopefully this will help resolve the problem.Its probably because my baby isn't tall enough, but He can't put his feet on this thing without it sliding when he is on the toliet.
My mistake.I purchased this so I could sit on it at the bathtub while I bathe my son.
It's way too short for that!
I wish I'd known that.
This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more accessible.There is rubber on the bottom for no slip and rubber on the top for no slip as well!
its sturdy and well made.
other than that, its GREAT!!
!I have two of these, one for each bathroom.
So he needed a stool more for hand-washing at the sink and less for climbing onto the toilet.
A neighbor recommended this stool to me, saying it wouldn't slide along the floor.
He still can't reach the water or the faucet, which frustrates him immensely.
In the mean time, we will continue to be a bit frustrated.I do appreciate the wide color varieties for this stool.
However, even though my boy is tall for his age, this stool is NOT high enough for him to reach the faucet for washing his hands at this point, he will need to grow a few more inches for that.
But, I still give 5 stars because I don't fault the stool, it is sturdy and well made and looks nice.
Still glad I bought this, but be aware it may not work for both purposes if you are potty training a young toddler.Overall a very good stool.
I like the gripper stuff on the top and bottom.
My two year old can also move it around easily.
It would have received 5 stars if it was a bit taller.
I love the look of it.
It can be a little tricky to clean the rubberized top, but I like the construction of it and the grip on the top.Using this for my toddler (2yo) in his bathroom.
Great product for the price paid.
He carries it to the kitchen sink to wash his hands, help cook or bake and work on projects in the garage.
I love that it is small and light enough for him to carry and still so useful!We have enjoyed this for our almost 2 year old over the past few months- helps him &#34;help&#34; with dishes, brush his teeth, and wash his hands.
I like the gray color and is very grippy/stable.
He moves it around the house as needed!This is a great little stool.
We also purchased the matching toilet seat trainer for our three year old.
I recommend this item.I thought this would be a bit higher - I'm 5'5 but seem to be struggling to give my baby bath.
wouldn't recommendLOVE LOVE LOVE!
I purchased several of these for my kids.
They are great in the bathrooms and kitchen.
Excellent choice for step stool for children!This thing is light weight, easy to grab and move with a grippy top.
The drawback to the grippy top is that it grips to the billion things kids trek around so it perpetually has something stuck to it.
Probably cleans up nicely, but after cleaning the kids and the kitchen and a billion other things, the stool is at the bottom of my list and just stays dirty.Simple and useful.
My 2 yr. old uses it to get to the bathroom sink.
When I bought it this was the most unpopular color, but it matched my son's jungle theme bathroom, I love it!
The bottom and top surfaces are slip proof, which was a must!This is the second baby bjorn step stool we have purchased.
It is simple, it works well, no moving parts for my baby to get into while crawling, and allows my daughter to wash her hands by herself.
Wonderful.I actually bought this before my son was old enough to use it and ironically I use it now!
This is lighweight, has a rubber bottom to prevent slipping and I love the color.
Although he is still too young to be able to handle climbing on this by himself, having it around the home now will get him familiar with the item and what its use is for.
I purchased all of the potty training items now for both homes so our grandson will become comfortable with them at both homes and learn what he needs to do at both homes too.
This step is very well made, sturdy, and doesn't have any sharp edges to hurt the little ones.
The top is slip-proof and has a rubber strip on the bottom to keep it from slipping on tile and wood floors as well.
My criteria is that one that minimizes a chance of slipping.
My 2-year old likes washing hands on his own, but that means he will splash a lot of water.
For the past months, this is doing a great job providing a safe place to stand on.
This gives just enough height for my son to wash his hands on his own.
My son is very tall 2-year old (38.5 inch tall), and this gives just enough boost for allowing him to wash his hands on his own.
If you baby is short, reaching to a faucet may be challenging.Great step stool for my two year old to use to wash his hand all by himself.
The non slip service works great!I bought this for my 3 year old to use in front of our elongated toilet.
Overall we like it!I like the non-slip surface and that it's lightweight and easy to carry/move around.
The standing area is also not that wide, so I feel it will be outgrown fast.This is a perfect little step stool!
She uses it all over the house, just carrying it from room to room to reach things or to play pretend.
The color is exactly as pictured and I love the grippy top so she doesn't slip.I was wanting something small and sturdy and this fits the bill!
Some of the ones you find at Target that are plastic are very flimsy.
This has rubber on the footings and on the top and is exactly what I was looking for.This is my 2nd babybjorn step stool.
I liked that this was gray (matches my daughter's grey/pink room).
I bought this for her as a step stool to climb in and out of her big girl bed.
I probably should have 1st tried it out with our other babybjorn step stool - but I didn't b/c it is being used for the bathroom - but this stool is just a little too low.
I do like that these stools feel more stable than many of the other kids stools, yet it is very lightweight.We have 3 of these, and could probably use a couple more.
These are the easiest stools for my daughter to use.
She can also easily retrieve it and put it somewhere when she needs a little step up.
I wish there was a taller size of this so we could use at the sink (she's too short to reach with just this stool at the sink).
I find baby bjorn products to generally be very good.This step stool is great, especially if you have a small bathroom.
It can bear more than 170lbs.
It also has a slip resistant bottom so it stays in place.
The step is exactly as described.
Green, plastic, and lightweight.
So, be careful what the access to this item looks like.
If it doesn't help you to just get a little but higher-maybe hold off.
Good colors.
Washes easy.
Is a tad shorter then my other stools but still a very funcional piece.
Very very sturdy!
Highly recommendThis is such a great stool!
It's sturdy and doesn't slide around.
The only reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that my two-and-a-half year old is a little on the small side, so this stool would be more helpful to us if it were about 2 inches or so taller.
It's only 6 inches tall so it's your basic step stool.
Obviously the product description already says that so that wasn't a suprise.
However, my son is 20 months, 95 percentile for height.
When the faucet in the bathroom is on full-blast, this stool only allows him to get the tips of his fingers wet so I still have to pick him up to wash his hands.
Try a 2-step stool, such as the rubbermaid version, instead.
For kids 4 and over this is probably fine, my nephew is close to 4 and this would probably work for him.My 2 year old loves this step.
It helps him reach the sink to wash his hands and brush his teeth.
Bought it for our 2 year old and he is able to carry it from bedside to bathroom with no problems.
It is very sturdy and has no sharp edges.
Great, simple product!My daughter loves this stool!
Haven't had it very long, but it seems very durable.
The green color is also very bright and fun, and the plastic shell seems easy to clean.very sturdy grip to the floor.
right height for my two year old to reach the faucet (with the extender).
want to get a second one for the toilet so she can get up herselfMy son loves being able to use this.
It's easy for him to move around the kitchen to watch me while I'm cooking.
I used it once (hoping I wouldn't break it) and it seems to hold 250 lbs.
well.
Granted, I wasn't jumping on it or anything, but it held up and didn't break.
Woo!
:)I keep this step in my sons bathroom along with the Bjorn toilet seat.
Ive learned my lesson with the cheaper step stools made of thin plastic or cheap wood and wont purchase them again.
I love how sturdy the design is.
so i use this under his feet.
love this, use it all the time for everything.
does slide on my bamboo hardwood floors tho, the antislip doesnt work perfectly with smaller weights like a baby.Not that we are using it non-stop, but my son likes to use it here and there.
Of course I'm by his side, but so far, step seems stable for our use.Love this product!
My favorite feature is the non-slip material on the feet and on top.
It doesn't slide around when my kids climb up and down which was a big concern for me.
Non-skid grip is on every surface that touches the floor - very sturdy.
Other stools we have, such as IKEA's F&Ouml;RSIKTIG [ ... ], and Dr. Merry's Potty Pal [ ... ], are much narrower front-to-back (from, say, the perspective of the stool being in front of a sink).
This is important, because toddlers move around, and rarely have a visual memory of where they have placed their feet:  the depth of this allows for some foot movement without danger of falling off (much less precision required).
The other added benefit of this is that an adult bum can sit on this very comfortably(!
I weigh 186 lbs, and can stand or sit on this without any creaking, buckling, or unstable movement.Finally, as an aesthetic concern:  I love that it comes in black and white, which looks very neutral in our B & W bath.
Will probably keep this beyond the toddler years as it doesn't look very babyish and is so well made.I like this step stool a lot.
I've tried just about every brand on the market & had issues with them all - they were either too small (didn't hold enough liquid), had parts that dislodged, leaked and/or started to "fray" at the spout when my son used/chewed them.
Not these - they are a larger size than most, very durable, don't leak at all & were very easy for my son use.
Highly recommend!I like Avent bottles but I dont trust these nipples.
I own every sippy cup on the market, and these are the best.Great lid.
Our little one has no trouble getting liquid out and can hold the cup on her own.
Great product.I brought these cups since they were interchangable with the bottles we used, and the spout is soft.
Unfortunately they leak all the time.
For some reason they consistanly leak from between the collar and the bottle.
The only pro is you can replace the spouts when they get chewed.
We were much happier when we switched to Playtex spill proof cups.
They don't leak.I've purchased many sippy cups in the past 6 months.
All sippy cups leak a little, especially with a child that throws it around like a toy.
I seem to loose mine.First off, the ad that I saw which I purchased from told me I was getting blue and orange cups, I received mint green/pink and purple/pink.
That said, I did use them and like them.
I also like the little plastic piece that goes inside the bottle preventing leaks when traveling.
It works.
I know it is meant for teething babies but I worry that when he chews on it it might hurt his teeth, it is that hard.for the most part we are using straw sippy cups but these are great for the last bottle of the nightI read wonderful things about these online, so I went out and got them.
My daughter loves them!
We've got them on her car seat/carrier, and they keep her entertained while we shop, eat out, whatever.
Great product!I bought these for my son for his infant carrier.
He loves them!
Unfortunately he'll be in a regular seat soon and I don't think I'll be able to use them anymore.
Also I wish the 'vibrating' bug went up slower.
Other than that great toy!!!
Also a great price!!
!I switched these from the basinette, to the infant carrier to the stroller all the time.Really cute how my son would focus on them.A friend gave these to me when my daughter was an infant for her car carrier and she loved them.
These were the first toys that she swatted and played with.
They kept her entertained on the long car trip to visit family back in N.Y.
There was hardly a peep out of her.
Now that she is out of the carrier I put them on the bar that goes with her walker now she pulls them to her mouth and chews on them.
You can also put them on the stroller or a highchair to keep baby entertained.These are great!
My baby girl has loved these since she was just a few weeks old (she's almost 6 months now & still loves them.)
At first, I'd place them on the sides of the car seat handle, so they'd catch her peripheral vision.
It's been fun seeing her develop & her enjoyment of these little bugs just keeps developing, too.
First she just watched them, then she batted at them, now she grabs & pulls & of course, tries to eat them.
Still, she doesn't know she's missing anything.My 6 month old has loved the lady bug since the beginning.
However, the other two take more effort to get her attention.
Now that she has teethed on them for a couple of months, the crackly feel and sound in the wings is going away.I bought these for my 3 month old, since she is just starting to bat and grab at hanging toys.
Here are the pros and cons of the bugs:Pros1) They can be hung from multiple places, including the car seat, bouncy seat, and swing.2) Can be used as wrist rattles3) Brightly colored, keeps my babies attention4) They don't hang down too far, so they don't hit my baby in the face while they are hooked to her car seat.Cons1) The dragonfly is supposed to have beads in its tail that rattle.
Unfortunately, the beads are so tightly packed into the tail that they don't rattle at all; also, there is a yellow mesh fabric that covers the tail so you can barely even see the beads.
I had researched this product online first before buying and was under the impression that the beads were easy to see in the tail.
I was very disappointed when I took this bug out of the package and it wasn't anything like how it was represented online.
The ladybug is the only bug out of the three that has a nice chime sound that entertains my baby.I'm glad I bought these, because my baby does like them.
She's just started to grab the wings of them and pull them to her mouth, and is always surprised when they bounce back and rattle when she lets go.
She hasn't gotten the hang of the buzzing one yet, though.
Now I put them on his wrists when he is in a shopping cart.
Right now I have them on my son's carseat handle and he just loves to stare at them.
One of the bugs has a mechanism that when you pull on down on it, it springs back up and makes a bzzzing noise.
He loves it.I don't know what I would have done without these bugs.
They kept my daughter entertained for hours while she was in her infant carseat.
Now that she is in the larger carseat I have found other places to attach them because they are her favorite travelling toy.
This is one toy that I will be saving for her memory box!My son loves these toys.
The second I put him in his carseat, he starts grabbing them.
I would recommend these to everyone.When I bought these bugs for my 2 months old boy I anticipated him to get attracted; but his reaction exceeded all my expectations.
When he saw these toys hanging on his bouncer he said his first "Wow!"
:-) Or, whatever he said, definitely meant a big Wow.
My little man was even more attracted when he discovered that the bugs have crunchy wings, they rattle and the dragonfly buzzes.
The size is perfect also: enough to attract an infant's attention, but not too big so he can hold them easily.
He can spend 30 minutes or even more kicking these toys, touching wings and even talking to them!
Just hang them from the bar on their infant car seat and they will be entertained while you do small errands around the house or at the market.
My friend bought us 4 sets of these cute little bugs.
We put these on when the babies were about 2 weeks old and now at almost 6 months they still love to stare at them.
Sometimes when we run earns i just take one down and give them to the babies to chew on, shake, or rattle around with.
They get a lot of mouth time now since they are teething.
I have washed them a few times already just cuz we spent time some at other ppls homes and their children were chewing and carrying around with the bugs quit a bit.
I just wash them in the sink with cold water and woolite and let them air dry.
They still are in great shape.
They come in great for those long car rides to visit family.
Each of the bugs do something diffrent.
All around this is a great product!I received these as a gift.
What I like the most of them is how versitile they are, unlike many of the other toys, these can attach almost anywhere.
We put them all over--her crib, carseat, swing, bouncy seats, etc.
He's 8 months old now and we bring them when we go shopping or out to eat.
She is now 3 months old and just loves these bugs!
It keeps her so occupied in the stroller.
When these bugs are in her sight she just stares at them.
The one bug that you pull down and then it goes bzzzzzzzzzzz and back up we have had some problems with, but I would buy these again.
I have told my friends about Bugs on Board.
They need to get them and I have seen these bugs everywhere!great toy, works well on place flights.
occupies child and keeps them happy.We hung these bugs on my daughter's car seat and swing when she was just two months old.
She loves the bright colors and they've kept her entertained for three months now.
Cheap but well loved toy in our home!to be honest i did not use it , but believe it is a very good product for those who travel :)!!
!I bought this to use with the Medela Symphony pump I'm renting.
It works great.
I get just as much power out of it as I do with the regular power cord at home.
When you first plug it in, no words come up on the screen, but as soon as you turn on the power button on the pump, it starts working like normal.
I pump in my car while at work and this is the BEST idea ever.
Nice long cord allows you to pump in the backseat for privacy.
I think the cut off is 2007.
You have climate control, your favorite kind of music, and you can even park under a tree or somewhere else if you have time.
This car adapter makes it possible!I needed an adapter for the Medela Symphony and purchased this.
It works sometimes.
I have to wiggle it around for a few seconds before it'll turn the pump on.
Having this product increased my pumping options and was definitely worth the small investment of cost.Perfect accessory for pumping on the go!
It has a very long cord so you can use it anywhere in the car.Nice piece of equipment.
I just used the pump with a cover-up and kept going.
Our family does a lot of traveling and this charger has been amazing.Works great!
Used it on a 5 hour road trip.
Need to pump every 3-4 hours.
No problems, very convenient, works great!Not much to say - convenient and works well!
Driving down the road with your breast pump attached is one of the biggest joys in life!
:/Thanks for making it possible!No problems with this product.
I was nervous at first, but this thing worked PERFECTLY!
It worked just like it was plugged into an electrical outlet.
It successfully pumped my breasts in 10 minutes and it fits into the case next to the regular plug.
This outlet plug is a must have if you want a quiet, clean and safe place to pump your milk.
The cord is 8ft long so you can go back into the car.
I love this thing and wish I bought it sooner!!
It will also be great on long trips, too, so you don't get any clogged milk ducts.
Highly reccommended!
If you are like me, as soon as you were pregnant you ordered absolutely everything you would possibly need.
While the thought of pumping while driving seemed silly, I tried it today and it was completely safe and inconspicuos with my hands-free pumping bra under my shirt.
Be hands free and it is a great idea.For my job I am on the road and have to pump in the car a lot.
The battery pack that comes with the pumps take 8 AA batteries, which only lasted me about 10x pumping for 10 mins each!!
And they were energizer brand!!
I like this cord because it is long enough for me to plug in and still sit in the back seat of my Venza.
WELL worth the money!!
I wish it came with a case, even if it was a cloth bag to store it in the car.
I lost the twist tie under my seat the first time I used it!
I don't recall what year the cut off is for this adapter, but you should research that before purchasing.
The cord length is great: would have easily spaned the length of my vehicle.
The speed of the pump is faster using the adapter vs. the regular electric cord, so I just used a slower speed when I pumped.
No complaints at all.Generally speaking this is a great product, and it's incredibly convenient to be able to pump on the go now.
I started using them a month prior to my due date in preparation for breast feeding.
I haven't had the baby yet, so I will find out once she's here if they did what they're supposed to!I was really not looking forward to wearing the hard plastic shells I'd gotten from La Leche League to help correct my inverted nipples during my last pregnancy.
Knowing I was in for a world of trouble if I didn't wear them, I dug them out and just couldn't bring myself to put them on.
Then I discovered these soft shells at Babies R Us, and decided to give them a try.
They worked so well that now we are exclusively breast feeding and no longer need to pump and use the bottle two weeks later, or one of those annoying nipple shields.
at night as Medela suggests then the nipples would get flat again, so I purchased an extra set and wear them all the time.
I hope with longer use I won't have to wear them all the time.
As an additional bonus they are a built in catch for leaking milk.ETA: at 6 weeks pp I no longer need to wear the shells so much, they have done their job and now I am wearing them for maybe 8 hours per day.
Still love them!I got these to wean my daughter off the nipple shield.
I wore these all the time the first day and by day two she was latching correctly and off the shield.
I found a blog site talking about how these helped a women in my situation so I ordered them from here.
They arrived very quickly and were a great price.
I started to use them when I was around 8 months pregnant.
Since I have been using them they have made a considerable change to the shape of my nipples.
They aren't inverted like they used to be!
They do make a weird shape in your bra so I wouldn't be running errands or anything in them but I wear them while I'm doing housework and you can barely feel that you are wearing them.I now feel like breastfeeding will be a much better success this time around because of these cups.
Still have to bottle feed her.
I recommend using them before you have the baby though.
Breastfeeding didn't work out for me.
I tried just about everything to help heal them.
Using these with A&D; Original Ointment Tube for Diaper Rash & All-Purpose Skincare Formula - 1.5 Oz between nursings, and pumping for two days with only nursing a few times, was the only thing that worked to heal my severely cracked nips.
)I wouldn't recommend them for leaking.
They also will soak your clothes if you don't empty them VERY often, and then bend over to pick something up!
They gave me some time to heal and relax.
Would rec.
to help heal but discontinue use asap.I rarely will buy anything without looking at reviews.
I think it got damp and wasn't allowed to breathe because it cleared up within 48 hours after I stopped using them.
However, know that breast shells can increase milk production (ask your lactation consultant or doctor, or just Google it).
This may be fine or even welcomed for some mothers, but for me, it was an undesired side effect.
Still, because they worked so well, I'd definitely use them again!I was almost ready to give up breastfeeding and resort to full-time pumping before I tried these.
They keep the nipple erect, which helps with latching, and the air-circulation has healed the cracks and raw areas.
They are a little awkward to get used to at first (think of wearing a 'cup' on your boobs), but I find that they are pretty discreet under my clothes, especially when worn with a nursing bra/top.
Its amazing how much milk can collect in them... Small inconvenience compared to how beneficial these SoftShells are!!
I nursed three children before I found these and my nipples were so sore that I couldn't even stand the feel of the soft nursing pads against them.
It sort of shapes them forward, if that makes sense.
My breasts were too large for my daughter to handle for the first 2-3 weeks, so I was pumping every two hours.
Needless to say this wore my nipples out very quickly.
These shells - which my mother (a lactation consultant) suggested - were a lifesaver.
Allowing my nipples to air dry helped them heal and provided relief from the friction of a bra or nursing pad.
HOWEVER, they also encourage excretion from the nipples and, thus, would fill up pretty quickly.
Overall, the pros definitely outweigh the cons.I have both types, TheraShells and SoftShells.
I have to say, there are significant differences.
SoftShells have soft backing, the shell is a bit bigger and on the breasts under bra they look more natural than TheraShells.
TheraShells look like you stuffed a mushroom under your bra.
Not so with SoftShells.
While one feels wearing TheraShells, when wearing SoftShells, you can forget about them.
If your milk leaks a bit more, you'll have to check it frequently.
Next thing - don't bend over.
Seriously.
Ever.I bought these when my daughter was in the nicu and I was exclusively pumping for her.
I had Raw, cracked, and sometimes bleeding nipples from it.
These were a godsend.
Oh well).The first few weeks of breastfeeding were excruciatingly painful for me!
Finally I found these shells and wore them with a light bra.
The relief was fantastic!
I highly recommend them to anyone with raw or tender nipples.Can't recommend this enough.I had a horrible case of thrush.
This was the only thing that helped me honestly.I couldn't stand the feel of my nipples resting against my bra or shirt, so these were a savior.
They have their own problems though... just have to weigh the pros and cons.
The breathing holes allow for milk to leak through when I forget and bend over.
Also, they irritate my aereolas.My son was 9 months old and we took a 2 hour flight to visit my inlaws.
They let me keep it on my son and didn't say anything during our flights (they probably didn't notice).I would suggest putting the vest on before you get on the plane.
I was afraid they would see it and make me take it off of him.
There was wind shear while we were landing and if you don't pull the plane back up, you can crash (great huh).
So there is an alarm that goes off in the cockpit.
The sizing is way off.
I bought it for my 10-month-old and his entire body fits right through the neck opening easily.
It's enormous.
I could fit it on my 5 y/o on the small setting.
Unless your child is huge or near the end of the age limit, get the smaller size.I absolutely love the product.
It gave me great peace of mind and helped control our little wiggle worm.
They wouldn't let us use it and threatened to have us removed from the plane if we tried!
So, buy and use with caution!!
!This IS approved for flight according to 14CFR part 21.
Even though there are still dangers of having a child in your lap, like the baby getting compressed on impact, a baby being jolted out of a parents arms is much more deadly.
The 2009 or older reviews should be ignored anyway.
Large neck opening doesn't bother baby.
Completely adjustable to child's height/length and weight.My wife and I took our 10 month old son on his first vacation earlier this month and purcahsed this item for his to and from flights.
The toddler size fit him perfectly (he currently wears 12 month clothes).
It seems usable again but all the seams are hanging out and need to be trimmed.
:(Was exactly what I was looking for.
Worked well.
Quilted vest was a little heavy, though.
He got pretty hot with the sleeper and the vest on before the plane took off since the air wasn't flowing well and we were all packed in tight.We used this for our very busy 18 month old son.
So they are not a solution for persistent milk leaking; they are really only for collecting leaks while nursing/pumping the opposite side.
Neither worked.
On top of that, they actually made me more sore.
I would not recommend purchasing these.These breastshells are wonderful.
They helped me continue to breastfeed as they eased sore and cracked nipples.
And I love being able to save the breastmilk that leaks out for use later.
I got them a few months into breast feeding and loved them.
Comfortable and used all the time.
Good product.A must have!
Every mother needs this in the first 2 months of breastfeeding.
But I think wearing it more than a few minutes between feedings stimulated further engorgement (it seemed like the fit was constantly putting pressure to express milk, which I was told later actually sends a message to your body to make more milk...).
when i pump or nurse i leak on the other side.
When nursing i would soak myself and my daughter and pumping was not much better, at least my little girl wouldn't be soaked.
:-) using these i typically catch an ounce in them which is worth so much to me.
Then I found these and they work amazingly!
I remember I was able to save 1 oz of milk during 1 feeding session.When I am engorged in pain at night, say 4am, and my baby didn't wake up to feed, I no longer have to go wide awake and wonder if I should get up and pump.
Nowadays I would get up and put these shells in and go back to sleep.
Milk would leak out from my nipples and give me some relieve so I can continue to sleep.
I'd try to lay in a position that milk won't leak out on the edges.
I was crying when calling the lactation hotlines.
I realized how much is lost through letdown on the other side or when you just have an overproduction.
I used these a lot in the first few weeks but there is no way you can wear them out of the house, plus its not good to keep the ladies cooped up like that anyhow.
I would just pop one in anytime I was going to feed/pump when I was at home.
I ended up returning these because they didn't do the job.
I haven't found a decent alternative so I've been pumping one side as my daughter nurses on the other.I use these in the morning with the first feeding because I leak on whatever side my daughter is not nursing from.
I use them more so the milk doesn't go to waste than to protect my clothing.
First, they are not made for really large breasts.
If I were to wear these out, my breasts would look like large mushrooms.
I would recommend these for the use of collecting leaking milk while pumping and feeding only.
Wear disposable pads.
These breastshells were the answer!!!
I used it only for 1 month though, during the time my nipples were sore.It was a sanity saver.I used these only to remain dry while my baby was nursing the other side.
I reach for the nurse-dri shells that I received for free in the hospital first.
I only reach these when my other shells are dirty.
But, I'll take whatever relief I can get!My wife gets a lot of milk leaking from side A when she feeds from side B.
We bought these and some O-cal-ette nursing cups at the same time.
Great.
So we are still wondering if we can find such a product which will fit inside a bra in similar way, but passively collect a larger amount of breastmilk.I bought these and the Medela SoftShell Breast Shells for Sore or Inverted nipples.
They're great if you're sore or want to get more air to your nipples.
The Medela are more shallow and the opening over your nipples is bigger so it's almost as if the nipple and the areola are getting aired out.
I use both.
Just don't bump into anything while wearing them...ouch!
I wear them to work with my contoured t-shirt bra and you can't tell I'm wearing them.
My breasts look bigger, but there is no weired shape with the contoured bra.
I wear them with my nursing bra when at home.the shells can be used to collect breastmilk prior to feeding your child.
This is for home use only!
So with that being said, if you do just wear these at home, they can be great!
I use them at night so that they catch anything that I leak, and I can then just pour the milk into the baby's mouth via a little spout on the edge.
My nipples are still a little tender to where the weight of my nursing tank is irritating.
I've been able to save the milk the shield catches when I leak as baby feeds on other breast.
I don't think I could comfortably wear them inside of a bra either.I use these at night time since my little girl decides to sleep about a 6 hour stretch at night.
I sleep with them on, and they don't move around.
It has only happened a couple times though and I use them every day.
My wife love this product and we always used AVENT products because of the quality and reasonable pricesI bought these hoping to have a nice alternative to losing the milk that escapes when I become too full but these are definitely not the product for me.
There is no way to hide these things, they are hard plastic and very apparent.They are perfect for collecting milk from leaking, but they give you &#34;Madonna&#34; boobs!
I wouldn't wear them in public.
This prevents chaffing when they are in the first steps of breastfeeding.they r too big an waaaay to obvious to wear.
Well, they are okay, they do what they are supposed to but maybe it was me, but I didn't use them at all.
As a mom who breastfeeds it can be tough when your nipples are sore or cracked.
These provide relief from your bra or breast pad rubbing and allows air to get to your nipple to allow it to heal.
I put nipple cream on my sore nipples and then wear these breast shields to get a break!
Definitely a must if you are breastfeeding!It made my breasts look funny, it made my nipples more irritable & it left painful marks on my breasts.
Hardly ever used it.
It is about 1/3 inch from the base of the nipple at the areola, so if you have nipples that are short, the milk won't make it into the cup and instead catches between the silicone back and your breast.
If that gap fills up then the milk will go into the cup.
After wearing these shells for a night, the silicone shell left these itchy welts on my breasts that haven't gone away after 2 days.
:(.
But new moms that are breastfeeding will likely benefit from this nipple armor.
Hope this review helps.I bought these to use on one side while my baby ate from the other side because as soon as I get a letdown both sides start squirting milk like crazy.
Using the ventilated shell my breasts could breath and it allowed the product I used (Lansinoh LanolinB005MI648Cto stay on as long as possible, accelerating healing process.The only thing is to watch out when bending over, the collect milk WILL spill!
These shields saved my life because I was able to put them on and walk around the house without rubbing against my clothes.
You can't go outside in public with these, they poke out too much.
It's also great that they catch the milk.
I was able to freeze and store a lot of the milk that collected in one side while nursing on the other.Highly recommended!
These are great for those early months of breastfeeding if you have any painful sore, and/or cracked and bleeding nipples.
It's a great way to build up a little extra for bottle feedings.
While I was able to easily clear the plug, it's easy to avoid if you just remove these within an hour.
I didn't use it for the air flow only to catch the milk.
Sometimes nice to have but I don't use that often and wouldn't buy againI bought this for the leak side when I stay home, but  the shape is weird, doesn't stay on breast very well.
They help get my milk started because they apply a light pressure which also helps extent the nipple.
They keep things (such as a bra) from rubbing against very very sore nipples.
Another great feature is the air vents at the top of the cups.
Determined breastfeeding mom's these are fantastic until your milk supply comes in at a steady pace.They do not look flattering under a TIGHT fitting shirt (loose is always best anyways) but what does when you are breastfeeding for the first few months as things are adjusting.
I felt that they looked better that two huge wet spots from leakage.maybe it's because I dont have a long torso but I found this product much more comfortable than the milk saver.
But they look like they would work well for their pupose.The Bjorn is worth every penny!I purchased my Baby Bjorn when my son was two months old, and used it on a daily basis until he was four months old (my son went to work with me for two months).
(I have to confess, there have been a couple of times when I gave it to him to play with because I needed to get some baby-free stuff done!)
it is a little pricey and my ds doesn't seem to like anyone using this product for him except for me.
kind of annoying.This carrier is great.
My daughter seems to be very comfy in it.
I used it from her first week of life.
Now she is 4 months old and I carry her facing out.
The price is well worth it!This product is well designed, and easy to use.
I felt my baby was very secure in this.
Living in a metropolitan area, I rely heavily on the subway system.
You don't have to lug around car seats and strollers (on top of everything else you have to bring).
I used this product for the first 3 months.
My baby would nap in it, while I ran errands.
Just too heavy.
It was fine for my husband, though.
Well anyhow I registerd for it because of my previous experience and the price.
I didn't want to spend money on the Baby Bjorn because I figured how much use would it get so why spend or ask a family member to spend that much.
Having a carrier is a great investment for nice walks, shopping and just some cuddle time if you have a colicky baby.
I tried out all the other carriers with my son in them to see what was the most comfy for us both.
The only one was the Baby Bjorn.
I spent the $ and I have to say I haven't regretted it at all.
My son was a month premature and weighed 5lbs and 11 ozs.
My son is now two months old and weighs a total of 12lbs.
I am very glad that I forked out the extra dough for it.This carrier is the best there is.
You get what you pay for, and what you get is:fit--adjusts to fit both me at 5'4" and my hubby at 6'comfort--soft and padded all overease--lightweight, compact, washes easily, packs neatlysafety--well designed to hold a wiggly, heavy babyconvenience--easy to put on and put baby indurability--we've worn and washed this plenty and it's just fineOur baby has loved it since we first strapped him in at 1 1/2 months old; he's 5 months now and loves it just as much.
Baby now faces out, watching people and things go by.
It does get a bit hot in summer, so dress baby appropriately in a t-shirt or onesie (no jackets or sweaters or jeans).
I haven't noiced him getting any hotter than if I carried him around in the car seat/carrier for the same length of time.To put it on and baby inside when you are alone, simply put baby on his back on a bed, then put on the carrier, leaving both sides unclipped and unsnapped; lean over, slide him in, then clip and snap one side; stand up while supporting baby with one hand.
Then just snap and clip the other side and you're off.
Do this in reverse to take him out at the end, then you don't need two people to do it, as some reviewers have claimed.No complaints!
Love this carrier.
It is so simple to use and my baby always falls asleep in it (she's 6 weeks old).
When I first put her in it at about 2 weeks old, she didn't like it.
But I tried it again with her at about 3 weeks and she loves it.
(So if you have a baby who fusses at it, avoid it for a few days and try it again for brief periods to get the baby used to it.)
I like to go shopping with her in it so that my hands are free.
You won't be disappointed.This carrier is great, my son loves it.
And most of the previous 449 reviews have given given it either 4 or 5.And if you haven't yet tried one, and don't yet have one, by all means and without hesitation go out and get one and start trying it immediately.
I don't need the XL straps that one reviewer mentioned, as I'm only 5'8&quot;.
but as winter hit, didn't use it as much.
didn't get the money's worth.
I felt I was smothering him in there.
When he was 3 months I tried it again with the front facing position and his arms through the holes.
Well, he's a high maintainence guy, so I figured I would give it one more try.
I readjusted everything, and when he was four months I put him in it again.
This time no arm holes.
I was able to get him in and out much quicker without all the extra arm and leg buttons to do.
He liked having his arms free and looking out.
We did 20 minutes a day for 3 days in a row.
It sounds kind of like more work than it's worth, but it really isn't that bad.
After that we were pros.
I now take him everywhere in it.
I have worn it for 2 hours at a time and walked a 5 mile hike in it.
He's a big baby - 19 lbs.
I always feel he is secure - even if I'm dancing around or moving quickly.
Some comment that baby "hangs from their crotch" - my baby loved it.
I only use it for 15 min.
now that my baby is 20 lbs - too heavy for my back.I love our baby bjorn, there are some days when our son just wants to be held.
So, put the baby in the carrier and you can still get stuff done.
Its also helpful while shopping since your hands are free.
But, its still a great item to have.This carrier saved me from going crazy!
My son, now 4 months old, HATES his carseat.
I couldn't take him out and have him in the infant carrier because he would just cry the whole time, no matter where we were.
Now he rides facing out and loves watching people and watching what I'm doing.
I only have one warning...be very aware of where your baby's hands are.
My son loves to grab things on grocery store shelves.
Yes, they're one of the most expensive carriers out there, but their resale value is very high...
Check out eBay and you'll notice USED Bjorns going for $50!
!Although Bjorns can be used for forward-facing babies or inward-facing babies, it is no longer recommended that you put babies in baby-carriers when they're facing you.
It is recommended that when they are so young that they still need to face you, that you use a sling instead.
where you need both of your hands, and don't want the hassle of a stroller.It's also easy for a baby to sleep in the Bjorn, even forward-facing...
I would simply roll up a burpcloth or small blanket to prop my baby's cheek and head up, and he could take a full nap in it on a walk.This infant carrier is great.
I was able to start using it as soon as my baby was born because he weighed over 8 pounds.
It is very easy to use once you get the hang of it.
I am able to carry him comfortably for as much as 2 hours and he weighs over 12 pounds (I'm only 5'2".)
He does get very warm in it, so I only use it for short periods of time when it is hot.
I like that I can go into small shops or the park without taking a bulky infant car seat.
It is also great for keeping others from touching your baby when you don't want them to.
It is very durable and washes well, which comes in handy for spit up and diaper leaks.
Even though it is a bit pricey, I feel I will get my money's worth because I plan on using it for more than one child and I know it will last long enough to do so.My daughter LOVED being in this when she was just born - I even cleaned my whole house with her in the Baby Bjorn!
Now I take her on walks facing forward - she loves to see everything.
I will definitely keep this for my next child.I didn't use this much because my baby cried most of the time when I put her in the carrier.
She liked it a few times when she was a little older and could face outward.
Maybe our next baby will like it more.
It soothes the baby when he sleeps.
Our baby once fell asleep in it on a 3 mile hike in the mountains!I've used the Bjorn in a swimming pool too- just to walk around in the water and let baby get a little wet.
My son was too big for this by 3 months.
By the time I decided to take him out of the house, he barely fit in it.
Best bet is to go to the store and try it on and see what you think in person.
Overall though, great.This is a great carrier that is well worth the extra money it costs.
You don't have to have 5 arms or be a contortionist to use it like you do with some of the cheaper carriers.
You can wear this carrier with the baby facing you or facing out.
My son loves this carrier.
I generally wear him in it around the house when I am trying to get things done and for short outings.
If I am going to be out for a while, I usually put him in the stroller b/c I find that to be more convenient.
However, it doesn't seem to bother my husband as much.
I had to wash it recently for the first time b/c my son spit up all over it and it held up great in the wash.
We once decided on a whim to take a roadtrip for the weekend when my daughter was 5 months old and i forgot to the the baby bjorn along.
we ended stopping at a target and buying a snuggli for the weekend.
we then stopped at a babies r us to get another baby bjorn, and were able to enjoy the weekend.
I have used my baby bjorn at least five times a week with my first daughter, for almost a year, and everything ist still intact and i have used it for the past two months with my second daughter.
the color fading a bit from all the use and washing ist all that happened.
But this Bjorn distributes the weight and pressure of the baby that you honestly will be thrilled with the carrier.
I now bring it to every BBQ, party or get together we attend.
I've even been food shopping with it.
Now I can get him out by myself and lay him down w/out disturbing him.
It is also helpful that the carrier comes in adult colors.
Sometimes you want to look like a grownup instead of always wearing pastels or items with cartoon animals on it : ) I have tried other carriers and this is by far the highest quality on the market.
It is worth the extra money.The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is because I think it could use more padding on the straps!
I researched and considered carefully before purchasing this and all reviews and reports were accurate.The ease of use is remarkable.
I can get baby in and out all by myself.
From the day after Luca and I arrived home from the hospital, we were out for our daily walks.
It is always in the diaper bag when we shop because he ultimately ends up in his carrier.
Even at age 9 months we use it often!
Now he sits forward in it and charms all he sees!Unfortunately I have yet to figure out how to nurse baby when in this.
Baby is safe secure and mom/dad has 2 free hands!Great great product!We have gotten soooo much mileage out of our Baby Bjorn.
Our daughter never really liked being in her infant seat and pushed around in the stroller so this was a lifesaver (sanity-saver) for us.
I used this carrier more than I used her stroller for the first 5 months.At first, my daughter would get in, "head-butt" my chest and get more and more frustrated (as would I) but at around 3 months, she stopped doing this and would just fall asleep.
She loves facing out and looking around and takes naps  this way as well.Both my husband and I have worn this, and been able to get it on - by ourselves.
We've just put it on, leaving one side open, and then placed our daughter in and buckled it up.
Ours came used from a friend with two kids.
It is still safe, secure and will be put away until we have our second baby.This carrier far outshines the Snugli I tried first.
Adjustments are easy to make, both for your comfort and baby's.
My five month old daughter loves it for facing out when she's awake and alert, and when she gets sleepy I can quickly turn her facing in and she usually goes to sleep.
I went flying with her and they searched us everywhere, usually making me take her out of the carrier.
It was easily done, even with one hand holding other items.
I received the one that button's vs. snaps in and I would recommend you seek out the Bjorn that snaps.
However, once the baby is in, it's amazing.
When my baby weighed enough (8 lbs.
is the minimum I think) we tried it immediately and she loved it.
Now that she can hold her head, she loves to face outward while in the house or on walks.
If we're on a walk and she gets sleepy, we just turn her around and she falls asleep.
This is a must have for moms and dads!!
We have three dogs, and I need my hands free to walk the dogs, but I like for the baby to come along, too.
He gets to look at the world around him in the front facing position.
My husband is also very tall and more of a medium build and the BB fits him just fine too.
Rest assured that this one works beautifully.If you are larger, I think that BB sells expansion straps, which I bet other makers do not.I have used this carrier almost everyday since my son was 2 weeks old, and he's almost 7 months old now.
We live in an apartment and I use it when I need to do laundry, which is downstairs.
I just put my son in it and take him with me.
I also use it to do my shopping so that my 3 and 1/2 year old can sit in the cart.
My son also falls asleep very quick in this.
It is fairly expensive but after seeing how much use I am getting out of it, it is worth it.I got this for the diaper bag and absolutely love it.
Not just for baby, but for me as well.
I can clip a nail on a teeny-weeny hand or I can clip a jagged edge on my own nail.
Definitely get some of those separately so you can have extras.The thermometer is great.
About average for what you're going to find.
I also have one from the First Years with Big Bird on it.
The one thing that I absolutely love is the bulb because there is no way to stick it in too far and it cleans easily by opening the top and then rinsing the inside with soap and water.
There are alot of emory boards for filing baby nails and the clippers are absolutly safe.
It is small and fits nicely into the diaper bag.
This set has it all.
A rattle to play, a thermometer, a ball syringe.
I love it.
This is great because you don't need a separate grooming set and separate first aid type things.
Even with everything in it I can find room for a Desitin tube, a bottle of Mylicon drops, a bottle of Baby Tylenol, Q-tips, and a little sample bottle of Eucerin cream for baby's exema.
On the side is a net pocket where I keep my pediatrician's appointment cards and medicine instructions.
Also, on the inside are a couple of pockets where phone numbers are kept on a provided card; I keep a pocket-sized record of baby's immunizations (that my nurse gave me) in there as well.
Very handy.I love this case, it has everything you need in ine handy case.
I have used everything in this little kit so far, except for the dropper.
I have a mid-size sedan and they just aren't wide enough for the rear door windows.I received this shade for free when I bought other products from Babies R US.My windows in the back have a curved edge to them.
You have to place the shade high on the window in the straight area.
Well you miss the whole lower corner of the window.
The sun shines in through this lower corner.
The other one worked great, but the bar at the bottom of this one warped in the sun within the first week.
Yes, it's annoying that it's free advertising for BabiesRUs, but this shade has stood the test of time, so it gets our vote.Got these for my baby shower & installed them in my car...they do not block the sunlight at all from the car--might as well have nothing there for all the good they do.
I will definitely read the reviews first this time!
I threw them right in the trash.
Well, I got what I DIDN'T pay for!!!
They go fine through the dishwasher.
I like them.
Pretty colors, soft tips.
Two thumbs up.Do yourself a favor and stick with Gerber spoons or another brand.
These are NOT dishwasher safe!!!!
I have used them for only a couple months (have a ten month-old who didn't start solids until 5 months).
They do have the advantage of an extra long handle and they change color with temperature, but the plastic coating is too thick and too soft, and the spoon is uncomfortable to hold.
Worst of all, I find the sassy spoons taste like plastic,  Yuck.I'd trade them all in for these meal mates spoons.
It is a mess waiting to happen.
Save your money and don't buy these.
I use them for one thing and that is decoration of my son's spoon cup.
They are lively and bright little spoons and much shorter than his others so they make a great decoration.
The handle is made of stainless steel while the spoon basin is made of BPA and phthalates-free plastic.
( I emailed the manufacturer to find that out and they responded quickly).
The colors were very vibrant at first but soon started to absorb the color from carrots and sweet potatoes.
Actually, I found spoons that are made in GB:Avent Weaning Spoons 2-pack, but they are pricey.I initially tried the Avent wide-neck bottles for my newborn and didn't like them.
Dr Browns bottles solved all these issues.
It takes me under 20 minutes to wash six bottles (I prefer not to use the dishwasher).
The small brush which comes in the starter kit and the multi-pack varieties is essential for cleaning and lasts for about 6-8 weeks of regular use.
I recommend going straight for the 8oz bottles and buy the 9-pack which is available at other websites.
When warming these bottles, if you find the fluid going up into the vent, just loosen the collar, the column of liquid goes back down and tighten again.
If breastmilk is stored in these bottles in the fridge, the fat content does tend to stick to the plastic of the vent.
The caps snap on loudly which is the only 'con' I can think of.
Use the travel disc to avoid leakage when transporting milk.My friend's babies with refulx did well on these bottles.
My son doesn't have reflux but I can't imagine using any other bottle for him.
We ended up throwing all other bottles away.
We don't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything.
Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
As to some reviewers complaints about leakage, it's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and I've found that if I unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put the tube back in (basically reassembling the bottle), the problem is resolved.
The adjustment takes less than a minute and like I said, I've only had it happen once or twice.
So, my only suggestions are1.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
They are sturdy and practically spill proof.
We have used other bottles, and there are a few that she will use, but it takes a little to get her to feed.
She just starts right away with these, plus she doesn't seem to get any air when eating.
She can feed longer without having to be burped.
Just like breastfeeding.
When she uses other bottles I have to put a bib on her to catch all the milk that leaks out all over her face.
The nipples on these bottles are small and fit great in her mouth.
She doesn't leak milk out with these.
She isn't collacky or have reflux so I can't comment on that, but boy are they great for breastfed babies.
I can not compare to other brands but I can tell you that she doesn't spit up, which may be her naturally, but I wouldn't switch from these bottles just in case.
We got these bottles when he was 3-weeks old and they really do make a difference!
I'm a pediatrician, so I was a skeptic when I read that the bottle claimed to reduce gas/colic.
But I think I'm convinced!
At the very least, it makes it easier for him to eat since there is no negative pressure created from suction... the food just flows!
If your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a try!Great price for 2 of these shields...
I have no trouble using them, and actually like the thickness of them as I wear them daily.
Daughter has no issues with the shield either.
Overall great price for 2 shields!After 6 weeks of plugged ducts, engorged breasts, and painfully raw nipples, these were the only shields that offered some sort of reprieve.
Overall, a wonderful purchase!I was struggling immensely with the pain of breastfeeding.
So much so that I would sob every time our little girl latched and fed.
Using a nipples shield changed everything!
I will continue to use it the entire time I feed her.
I feel like she is able to get more milk with it and that her and I are able to bond and enjoy the experience of breastfeeding more.
I use Lansinoh and The First Years lanolin free nipple butter after every feeding as well.
Added bonus, baby took a bottle instantly.
I believe this was in part due to the similarity between sucking on the shield and a bottle nipple.I used these temporarily since initially my nipples were cracked and bleeding.
My husband had gotten me NUK-barely there at Walmart.
I believe since they were thicker and bulkier she disliked them.
After trying to use them multiple times, I gave up and ordered extra NUK-barely there nipple shields.
Don't waste your money on these.A lot of lacting consultants hold off on recommending to use this products.
I think it is a must after a couple of days or the second day of having the baby.
Prevent before being sorry.
Great for latching problems!
I started using the medela shields but wanted to buy a few more to have on hand and these were cheaper.
The material is thicker and less pliable than the medela shields.
They work okay but I don't care for the thickness.
I also had them leak while nursing.
The nipple size is also fairly large.
I don't know if my experience is unique- but I just ordered these with my second child and they were far to big for her- they made her gag.
So buyer bewear!
I really hope this one can solve my problem but it disappoint me.
It's a great idea to have so much open space to allow for more mouth to skin contact from the baby, but I just couldn't get them to stay on because there was so little area around the shield.
If you're a pro at using shields, then these are probably great.
I just couldn't get the hang of them.These are ok and worked great for me but be advised, if you don't have inverted or flat nipples and are using them solely for cracked and bleeding nipples, the baby could suck the ends of your nipples through the holes.
I ended up buying the Medela Nipple Shield (20mm), the Philips Avent Nipple Protector and the Tommee Tippee Nipple Shield.
The height of the nipple part is a little too high for me and baby often makes a choking sound when trying to latch in the beginning.
I LOVE how the Medela brand makes these in two sizes: 20mm and 24mm.
Comes with 2 shields.Tommee Tippee Nipple ShieldThis nipple height was the least of the three brands.
In theory, the extra cut outs along the side of the nipple part is supposed to promote more skin to skin contact, but as another reviewer stated, all it did was making my nipples sore because it would get sucked through the holes.
Comes with 2 shieldsTake a look at the pictures to see the differences side by side.
I like that the baby can touch skin with her nose.
At the hospital, I was given shields that cover the entire nipple and I wasn't a fan.
Our son was born a bit on the small side and I'm very large-chested so a shield was a necessity.
At two months in we are still using it until he grows a little bit more.
I had trouble with the sides flipping up onto my little boys cheek.
I like that they aren't a full circle so the baby's nose wasn't being covered with plastic when he was feeding.
:) The one downside was that my little one would grab hold and pull it off and get milk everywhere.
However, I think that would be any nipple shield.
Definitely would recommend if you are in need of some additional assistance with latching.I bought these because I wanted very badly to breastfeed my daughter but we were having latch-on problems.
I was told that nipple shields could be helpful for this.I went with the Avent because overall, I am super impressed with their products.
My daughter dislikes using them and I can't get her to nurse with these.If you are in the market for a nipple shield, go with the Medela brand ones.
They are super easy to use and wash and sterilize quickly and easily.These are great for when you first start nursing and your nipples are sore.
However, I found the nipple part to be pretty big for my newborn, reaching all the way to the back of his throat.
I only needed these for a day to heal enough, but they were worth it.These were my favorite nipple shields by far!
I tried the Medela brand prior and always had trouble with it staying in place.
The Avent nipple shields allow more of your skin to touch baby and they are soooo much more afordable which enabled me to purchase more so that I had a few to get me through night time feedings.
You gotta love the BPA free material.
I would give it five stars but sometimes it doesn't stay on the nipple well.It is small.May be I don't use it.
Don't know whether to use.
We bought one of the Ventaire bottles- just to try- but ended up with a fast flow nipple- much too fast for our three week old.
I went out today and bought 3 more of the 6 ounce bottles- they were the only size that came with the slow flow nipples.
We've tried various brands that use all 3 methods.
These bottles are an example of one-way vents - the base is designed to let air flow in but prevent fluid from flowing out in the opposite direction.
They do an OK job preventing bubbles in the formula, but they have two main problems: 1) they tend to leak if you don't assemble correctly, and also if shaken or if the membrane becomes a bit worn.
Currently we are using theComotomo Natural Feel Baby Bottleand I've had no problems with her feeding.
She would push the nipple out of her mouth and cry.
After a few tries I gave up trying and switched back to her Comotomos and I've had no problems.
We purchased these and within three days he had no gas and the colic was alot better.
We love these and plan to use them with every child we have.
They are a hassle to put togather in the middle of the night so i assemble and fill mine with water after i wash them and just add formula when needed.
Little tip rince them out after each use and rince other dishes well when washing in the dishwasher togather because they will discolor.
Well worth the hassle though :o)I tried the Dr. Brown and Avent feeding systems but encountered several annoying problems.
I switched to the Playtex Ventaire system, which costs considerably less, and found my solution.
My infant son now rarely spits up and hardly has any gas problems.
Nor do I have to administer the Mylicon drops with every feeding as I did before!
In short, our feeding experience underwent DRASTIC improvement upon switching to Ventaire bottles.
However, I found the big Avent and Dr. Brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.
I noticed an earlier review had complaints about warming the bottles - we have no problems warming the bottles in our bottle warmer, and the only package warning I have seen is to remove the nipple before warming, which we do.
The bottles with the clear plastic molded numbers have more precision (showing mL and ounces to smaller units instead of only having markers every two ounces as the colored ink bottles do).
After washing them one time and reassembling them like the instructions said, they leaked all over the place from the bottom of the bottle!
Talk about frustrating when you have a screaming baby wanting her bottle!3.
To heat up the drop in bottles I would warm up a cup of water in the microwave and drop the bottle into it.
With these, it doesn't work!
I had to run it under hot water for 10 more minutes for it to not be freezing, but it was still really cold!
My son prefers these bottles over any of the others that we have.
I continue to purchase these for my son.
I took away a star because I got a pack with 3 pink bottles.
Figures.
FYI - the Dr. Brown's nipples fit these bottles exactly the same as the Playtex and you can still get those in the store.
I filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
It didn't, but I still wasn't sure.So, I washed the bottle in hot water.
I've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed.
Then, I tried the sheet experiment again.
It didn't leak.
We used the Dr Brown's but the slow flow was way to fast for her, she choked and gagged through the whole bottle.
We decided to switch to Playtex for the slower flow.
Now she seems to be somewhere in the middle.
I can't win.
The pieces have to be perfectly dry before you attach them, or it won't vent, but even then baby had to stop sucking so that I could release the air trapped inside.
It did work if I loosened the bottom to let the air out while she was drinking, but after drenching her with milk a few times I gave that up.
(She's breastfed)Also, you would think that the way this bottle angles would be a huge plus, but I still have to tilt it too much to get the last 1/2 ounce out, the milk gets caught at the lip, it doesn't smoothly flow in.
We bought the slow flow nipples separately so maybe the venting system works along with the nipple flow?I've got a 2 week old.
We started with the Playtex Nurser Bottles.
Great bottles, but the nipple was way too large for my son's mouth and he got a blister on his top lip.
So I tried Gerber for newborns...smaller nipple, but more bubbles and gas for baby.
But my son sucked on it for 5 minutes and got nothing out of it.
Then I realized that the nipple doesn't just have a hole in it like other bottles do.
It has the slit-type hole, and the baby has to be squeezing the very tip if anything's going to come out.
Well babies don't suck that way.
They suck at the wider part, naturally.
But it works perfectly now...no gas, no sucking problems.
Whew!These are the only bottles my baby will take without gagging or choking on the nipple.
She loves them.
The newborn nipples were too slow for her, so we just got the next stage a little earlier.
It took so long to heat up one bottle that we just started making a new bottle almost every time, or sticking the bottle in a bowl of hot water.These bottles are well made to stand up to the constant use of a newborn.
The bent shape make it comfortable to use while feeding and the ease of transferring nipples will make for good swaps if your baby is particularly bite-y.
However, we bought Playtex bottles for the first 2 kids.
The main reason?
When the baby drinks her milk out of the bottle, pressure builds up inside.
With regular bottles, it is very easy for the silicone/plastic nipple to contract so it makes up for the milk that was taken out.
One solution would be to constantly turn the regular bottle or just take it out and pull the nipple out once in a while.
This is definitely recommended.
The nipple use to come close and stop the flow of milk.
But these bottle are amazing.
She use to drink 2-3 oz milk even at age of 4 month.
Suddenly the day i used this bottle, she drank 6 oz at once.
Horrible to watch.
My girlfriend kept on telling me to try these but I was skeptical becuase people said that they leaked.
well anyhow I was at my whits end and hurting for my son so I decided to try them.
But I did use the stage two nipple and it's been great.
He will occasionally have to burp but it's quick and painless.
Most times he doesn't have to burp afterwards.
I immediately reassemble them and then test them with water to see if they are leaking.
I think that you will run into leaks if you try to assemble them as you are ready to use them and are rushing because the baby is hungry.I wish that I could give these bottles more than five stars.
I should have listened to my friend sooner.
They do help to reduce air.
Some would choke and gag him, some didn't even work and NOTHING would come out, some were okay... you get the point.
It was always a guessing game with these bottles.
On top of the fact that we had 20 bottles and only 2-3 nipples that worked the way they were supposed to.
Another issue we had was that the nipples all colapsed!
He would suck 10 times and the nipple would be colapsed.
I PROMISE you one thing - these bottles are purchased only by first time parents (like me).
Some more than others.Parents get so frustrated and worried about their babies that they try ANYTHING different.
On the third use of this one, the bottom came loose, and there was formula everywhere.Since our twins were 2 months, we have been using the plain old Evenflo bottles from any grocer.
They cost about 99 cents each.They work great.
There's a bottle, ring and nipple.
All of the gimmick bottles have half a dozen parts that need to be individually cleaned, or come apart, or leak.Think about it - Playtex, Gerber, Avent, Evenflo - they all sell the same simple three-piece bottle, but they also sell some sort of state-of-the-art bottle that's supposed to cure all of your baby's ills.
The air vents from the bottom of the bottle, which would lead you to think the bottle would leak from the bottom, but it hasn't so far.
The VentAire system is interesting, and I am surprised at how well it works - when it works.This bottle is very picky, when it works it works great, but there are a couple of situations where this bottle has issues.
The bottom of the screw cap and the latex vent disk must be 100% dry for the bottle to work.
This will cause air to come in from the nipple, defeating the purpose of this bottle.
Also, if you are using a bottle warmer these bottles won't work.
The steam gets the vent disk wet, which renders the system useless.While these bottles work great under ideal circumstances, I can't recommend them.
For me, sometimes I need to warm a bottle and sometimes I haven't had time to wash ahead of time.
I don't want a bottle that won't work if I'm trying to wash it right before I need to use it.
It didn't work like that for us, but I will try them again when my baby is older.
We tried them at three months with a fast flow nipple, because we have the ComoTomo bottles with fast flow nipples.
We went back to ComoTomo which our baby loves, and will see what happens with these when she's a bit older.In general, we liked the shape of these bottles for feeding--very easy to hold--but disliked it for making formula, as the opening is so narrow we had to make the formula in a thermos and then pour it into the bottles.
Not such a huge imposition, but one more thing to have to wash again and again is a time waster we don't need.
They are easy to take apart and put back together, and went through the dishwasher without any performance issues too.WE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
The work as advertised,  allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.Cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyI probably would not use one as a carry bottle,  but for filling right before using...Other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertised.I really do like these bottles but they do leak out the bottome sometimes.
I have discovered if I let the bottle air dry after washing instead of putting it together it doesn't leak.
This is done by using specially angled bottles and the exlcusive VentAire disk system.
I'm pleased that they are making it clear that their bottles are BPA-free since that's an issue that now concerns most new parents or experienced parents with a new baby after a long time off Bottle Duty.I have read the complaints about the slow flow nipple and I have found that I did not encounter anywhere near the frustration others have reported.
However, that was for a Newborn sized bottle.
It did take a little getting used to but before swithing to the Fast Flow and perhaps creating waterfalls of milk or formula all over your infants face and your chest, check out the Medium Flow Nipples available here on Amazon:Playtex BPA Free VentAire Advanced Silicone Nipples, 2 Pack, Medium FlowThe set  pictured here is a 9 ounce set of 3 bottles all with the FAST FLOW nipples.
I had a difficult time finding them but I'm pleased to see that AMAZON carries all three Nipple stages.
I warm the milk up from the refrigorator in the Pumps packaging.
However, the nipples that came with them didn't work.
My baby (now 3 months old) would suck and suck and nothing came out.
I even tried the stage 2 nipple and the same thing happened--nothing!
I usually use the Dr. Brown's bottles (which I absolutely love) so I tried the ventaire bottle with a Dr. Brown's nipple and it worked just fine.
The bottle itself just requires hot soapy water for disinfection.>Compatible with Playtex Nursing Necessities breast pumps to help store breast milk.>Convenient, BPA free 6oz.
and 9oz.
sizes.Dislikes:>Babies' milk flow rate preferences vary widely so different flow speed (fast or slow) nipples may be required.>Instructions warned, "Do not microwave" to prevent uneven heating of milk which may cause injuries.
It doesn't seem like the bottle itself is compatible withPhilips AVENT Microwave Steam Sterilizer(nipples and vents are boilable).
Designed for an even flow.
This helped my daughter to actually control the flow better instead of not enough or too much coming at her.
I both like and dislike that the bottom screws off.
Although it is nice for cleaning purposes, if not put on well or too tightly they leak out of the bottom!
They are only slightly cheaper than Dr. Browns, so I would still opt for those over these Playtex VentAire, but they are a great second option.Works perfectly!
My son can enjoy drinking without slurping, coughing and spitting.
With other bottles he would choke himself and swallow too much air which made for a very cranky kid.
My son was about 2 months old at the time, and the second time I used them, he kept sucking and nothing came out.
We finally noticed that THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO HOLE IN THE NIPPLE!!!
We immediately tossed that nipple and put these bottles away.Once my son was old enough to hold his own bottle, I brought these back out with a Stage 2 nipple.
They work great now.
They are light and easy for him to hold, plus the tilted neck helps him get those last drops without frustration.
He's eight months old now, and he has no problems whatsoever with them.I do recommend the Dr. Brown's bottles over these, though, especially the wide neck ones.
The bottles were great--durable and well-made.
We used them throughout her "bottle-hood"--for over a year.
No problems.However, we began using these again with our second child.
So we had to use sharpie pens to mark the ounces.
And within 3 months, they began to leak.
We bought about 20 bottles...from a various number of stores.
So now we are stuck with 20 leaking bottles that require a sharpie every few weeks.
They appear great at first but go downhill quickly.If you plan to bottle-feed your baby, Playtex's Ventaire should be on your list of considerations.
While the "we take away the air from your baby" claim is probably just marketing hype -- and an invitation to a class-action someday??
-- the Ventaire does seem to work for some babies, provided you follow the instructions and hold the bottle right.Reviewer M. Gunderson is half right, IMHO, about the nipples.
Stage 1 nipples are indeed too slow; even I had trouble sucking anything out of one.
Stage 2, though, was like a floodgate that suddenly opens.
Finding the right nipple, then, is the challenge.
(We also use the Doctor Brown bottles).
I haven't noticed a big difference in performance between the two, but these are easier to clean.The vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
However, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.Other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak.
There are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.I have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
The nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference.
*The slow flow nipple is VERY slow.
Most slow flow nipples drown my babies.
The slow flow is great for breast milk.
The medium flow nipple is great at about 4 months, with just formula, no cereal.
*The fast flow nipple is AMAZING!
It works great on the Dr Browns bottles too (vent aire nipples are my choice for Dr Browns bottles.
There's no room to shake it all up.
So I have to pre mix the formula and then pour into the bottles.
Dr Brown's have more room in the bottles to accommodate all the water and powder.
With twins, I had to prop bottles sometimes.Mom of 7, RNgot the newborn set....and now that the grand baby is a little older...my daughter is using these and absolutely loves them....no gas attacks from the wee one.
These are the only bottles we have ever used.
I would say they are very durable; for the new baby we were still able to use my daughter's bottles, they held up for the entire year she was drinking bottles and continue to hold up now.
Also, the price can't be beat!
She indicated the baby burped less and noticed there was no spit-up as there was using her other bottles.
She also liked the form of the bottle because it seemed easier for the baby to hold.I noticed others said the air vents leaked and were messy.
What grabbed me on these was the claim that baby can comfortably control the milk flow due to the special venting system, as well as less gas for baby.
Assembly is simple, but in order for the vent to work 100%, the parts must be bone dry, the silicone vent must sit on the bottom perfectly and screwed on tight, and the nipple part pulled tightly against the ring to ensure no leaks.
Imagine my surprise at noticing that baby was sucking away for at least 5 minutes before I realized what was going on there- but just a quick readjustment of the parts and suddenly the flow of the milk was working again.I'd recommend these, especially if you are looking for a bottle that helps baby control the milk flow.EDIT 12/16/11: Now that my daughter is 6 months, and I have a few months more experience with these bottles, I have to increase from 4 star review to a 5 star review.
We usually use the wide.
In comparison - I used these once then gave them away to charity.
Very, very skinny.
He didn't like the tiny nipples at all.
More importantly...- They're rather tough to clean compared to the wide bottles!
These, search for every nook and cranny.- Both wide and standard could be improved by another measurement scale showing the remaining milk when feeding.
A complete waste of money, maybe my daughter will use them to play with her dolls years down the road.
For one you can't use a bottle warmer (the water seeps up into bottle).
We had to hold it under running water which takes forever.
It took my daughter FOREVER to drink the bottle from the nipples.
She had been exclusively breastfed up until that point, but I had started pumping in preparation for going back to work, so we wanted to try her on a bottle.
She immediately went for it with no problems!
Now, she never had any latching problems anyway, but I was concerned she'd be confused by the bottle.
That's a necessary evil of the vent setup though, I guess.
I do like that they open up at both ends - makes cleaning pretty easy.I babysit a friend's 5 month old boy a few days a week.
When I burp him he usually spits up at least a little bit but the first time, he didn't spit up at all.
I've now been using these bottles with him for the week and have only had 2 spit ups!
We decided to skip the 6 ounce bottles and use the 9 ounce for all stages.
We did however need to replace the fast flow nipples that come with the bottles with some slow flow ones.It was just better to get the bigger size since babies outgrow the smaller size so quickly.
)I have bought 3 of these bottles.
After over a month of usage they started leaking.
The parts get "used up" or something and they leak like crazy.
3 stars because they worked for some time...
I thought at first it was bc we were trying to introduce her to the bottle (she used one when first born until I got my mastitis under control but we didn't keep up with it) at first she used avent, I liked those bottles but she refused them later on.
Same as many others I read on here, half hour she got half an ounce.
We got dr browns and instant success!
There's something that doesn't set well with me when you aren't supposed to steam sterilize this bottle.
I am only trying to get her on a bottle bc i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled and won't be able to nurse her for 24hrs.
It'll also be handy to be able to pump and bottle feed her when we move in a couple weeks.
Go with Dr browns if you are transitioning your baby to a bottle, you won't be sorry!two years later, still have them.
I have read the reviews on multiple bottles and have been buying bottles for over 20 years.
These recommendations I find are very personally fit.
bottle.
Even other small nipples on other bottle brands seemed to have a faster flow that would cause her to dribble.The bottles and parts fit inside my Advent Microwave Steam Sterilizer, too.
But that just comes with the territory...nothing you can do about that.
Playtex also sells a Ventaire bottle that has a wide nipple but my baby didn't take well to wide nipples--I think those may work better for breastfed babies to help alleviate nipple confusion.The only thing I'm not looking forward to is having to eventually move up to the 9 oz.
I didn't see any difference as far as "gas" with these; I'm inclined to believe that marketing makes excessive claims about these things, especially on baby products.After trying the Medela, Avent, then Dr. Brown's bottles, I found that these worked the best for my son AND me.
Like ANY brand of bottle, perhaps purchase a single bottle before going with the 3-pack to see if it works well for you and baby.
In my case, these worked perfectly.
I recommend you give them a try.We had trouble the first few days we tried using these, but then I figured out that after each cleaning (and before the first use) you have to stretch out the rubber vent at the bottom.
They only leaked once - and that was when we didn't screw on the bottom completely.
And since we've been using them, our daughter has less gas, she spits up less, and we don't even use a bib when we feed her now.
I highly recommend it.I thought baby bottles were pretty basic, but the improvements Playtex has made do seem to make a difference.
When Sarah, my daughter, recently gave birth, she received an earful of advice from well-meaning friends and relatives who were also new moms.
Many used and recommended Playtex VentAire baby bottles.
Sarah listened, starting out with the VentAire newborn bottle gift set (wide bottles & nipples).
She also has these standard bottles (slimmer bottle/nipples).
That preference will probably change as baby gets older and wants to hold a slimmer bottle having a faster flow of milk.Of course, that wasn't the only advice that went along with VentAire bottles.
Sarah was warned they might leak if improperly tightened (don't overdo the bottoms), or if the pieces were wet while assembling (particularly the vent area).
As a result, the bottles work well and baby rarely has spit-up, burping or gas problems.
Mom and baby are happy.My seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old.
We started with the Playtex Drop-ins.
I have been very happy with those bottles, but sometimes I hate dealing with the inserts.
They wash up quickly.
My son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
Fast is just too fast for him.
He moved up to the medium at 2.5 months, but I don't see him moving up any time soon.
I suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jump.
If I had to choose between this one and the wide bottle, I would pick the wide.
My son's mouth fits better over the larger nipple.I'm certainly not a mother - but gave these to a new Mom who gave them rave reviews.
As a side note, I was hoping to receive a pack of mixed colors as described, but both packs were all blue.
As I have a baby girl, I was hoping for some pink, yellow or white.
But, the important thing is that she have the right type of bottles.We tried this on my  granddaughter who was having a hard time feeding with other bottles.
With others, we either couldn't get the flow to give her enough food or we had those that fed her too much, too fast and she would choke.
That is, until she tried to suck through the nipple herself.
I say save your money on this one.
And at $24 for 3 bottles, I'm sure there is a better option.Title says it all!
I've tried a lot of the other baby bottles: Dr. Brown, Nuk, Tommee Tippee, Born Free, & Avent.These Playtex VentAire are by far my favorite!I put these bottles in between the regular bottles and the Dr. Brown bottles.
The vents I feel do help with the baby ingesting air but these bottles are no where close to competing with the Dr. Brown bottles.
In the beginning the nipples are closed so nothing comes out i found.
All i did was stick something through the hole so liquid will come out.
I tired the Natural SHape Ventaire and my son didnt like those...
He was suckign really hard and nothing was coming out, even after trying to "open" the nipple hole..
But thats ok..
My son had belly issues with gas before we started using these.
They do come in random colors, so my son does drink out of pink bottles sometimes, but he doesn't mind.
I like that the bottles is angled and that helps with gas.
These save you so much money compared to the drop in bottles.
which means less spit upsWe had the smaller (5 ounce) versions and they were our favorite (compared to medela and avent).So naturally we went ahead to try these ones.
Last night while I was feeding my daughter I am thinking that she is drinking the milk but it was leaking from the side of the cap and down into her neck and onesie on this new set!
I switched bottles and gave her another one.
This morning I shake the bottle over the sink to make sure that the rice and breastmilk are mixed in good before feeding her and the cap which I just checked just popped off and breastmilk went flying all over the sink.
6 ounces of milk just gone!
These bottles leak from the bottom and after many uses the ring around the cap warps so it doesn't screw on and stay flush with the bottle itself.
I am done at this point and these bottles are going back to BRU and I am going to do what I should have done in the beginning and just go with Dr. Brown's bottles.
They are a natural shape and make it easy to feed the child.
The ventaire system does significantly reduce the amount of bubbles, which means less gas, burps and a happier baby.
Overall, a great set of three starter bottles for twelve dollars.
Our daughter has some serious suction, so I thought that the Stage 1 was already outgrown and tried the 2.
These bottles and nipples have been just a waste of money for us.
Both of my children were given ceral bottles at young ages by there doctors and with my first we had to poke hole in the nipple and hope it worked.
These are wonderfulI tried these bottles before Dr. Brown's to try to cut down on the amount of air my son was taking in.
I experienced no leaking with these, and my son seemed fine with using them.
The only issue I had was with the nipples collapsing during the feeding.
I don't know why, but the nipples just seem flimsier than Dr. Brown's and my son often had to stop eating because they would collapse.These are easy to wash, easy to assemble, and the curved design is very convienient.
Other than the nipples, they were fine.We have a four-month-old daughter who has been using Playtex VentAire standard bottles for the past month with notable success.
They have worked nicely for the following reasons:1.
We have also used Playtex Drop-Ins.
This is how the two compare:1.
However, the Drop-Ins bottle leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby WILL turn it upside-down).
(In both cases, this refers to the slow flow nipple variety for each bottle.)2.
She can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the VentAire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air.
The Drop-In bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider.I loved these bottles with my first child.
I nursed my son and then pumped when I had to return back to work.
This was the only bottle/nipple he would take.
Two years later, I got them back out for our second child and he has no difficulty.
They are also all dishwasher safe.
I put mine a dishwasher compartment for small items that I bought at a store.
But they just didn't seem to be working for her.
She would be covered by the time she was done and that was with the number 1 nipples.
Plus for some reason my husband and mother has trouble with the bottle themselves leaking.
So we were stuck on Avent until last week.
My cousin had a little girl and we traded a bottle to try the other guys out.Well, we steralized what we had and traded!
I guess it just depends on teh child.
But, these are great.
She manges to keep it all in her mouth and she doesn't fill up with air.
They are also more afforable than the Avent.Anotehr plus is that she is 3 months now and very much wants to hold her own bottle and with these, she is almost there.
She can wrap her hands around them and pull her feet up for extra support and just about hond them herself.
They work well for our gassy twins, who also have acid reflux.
These are perfect for out needs!My daughter (5 months old) has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried Dr. Brown, evenflo, Gerber NUK, pretty much every kind we could find, and still no luck.
When she did take it (after a lot of wrestling)I noticed they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
The only downside with them is that they take a little longer to heat in the bottle warmer and sometimes the hot water from the warmer gets stuck in the bottom and can drink down the sides and get on your baby if you don't wipe it down before you give it to them.
They don't fit with Medela pumping stuff and all of my nipples are the same flow, which is fine for my baby from 6 months up.
Overall, my favorite out of the ones listed below.Dr.
I have somehow managed to lose a bunch of the random parts so now I only have 3 complete sets.
They are also kind of a pain to clean, the long straw thing is hard to get clean.
They also fit with my Medela pumping stuff, which is nice.Medela: These are my least favorite.
They work well with my Medela pumping stuff but that's about it.
I'm not really sure why they are good for breastfeedng babies, I think it's just a big gimmick.
The flow is way too fast for a baby under 6 months and for some reason my little girl decided at some point she just didn't like them at all.
The way these bottles are shaped the babies don't seem to get gas and they won't leak.
Love Love Love :)We switched to using almost allPlaytex VentAire Advanced Standard Bottles 9-Ounce, 3 Pack (Colors Vary)as our main bottle.
My choice for standard nipples is Playtex ventaire nipples too.
Since we began using those nipples NO LEAKS.
These bottles are hard to find too, Amazon actually has the best prices so go ahead and buy here you've nothing to loose with free two day shipping ( www.amazon.com/mom) The nipples if you don't want to order online can be found at Target.
They have the best price for stage two nipples, since they are not offered here on Amazon unfortunately.Good luck, hope this helps.
wouldnt recommend to friends.
when I.pumped I got two sets of these.
they keep air out of tummy like thwy say.
workedDon't read negative or positive reviews.
Just TRY this bottle.
Just get 1 bottle at the store and see if it works for you.
Just find what works for you.
The Stage 1 nipple was too slow and my baby would suck for 30 min and only get half an once out of 6 oz!
But then I got the Stage 2 nipple and it works great!
It says Fast flow but I would say it is medium.
The seals have held fine after many washes.If you don't have a dishwasher, it is so very hard to get a bottle clean - especially if you rinsed it & tossed it in your diaper bag during a day away from home.
The one that doesn't leak.
The one that's easy to hold and drink from.
Well, here you are!
I used Dr. Browns, Avent, etc.
I bought into the fact that the more expensive bottle systems were the only way to go.
As another reviewer suggested:  Make sure you seal the bottom ring to the bottom cap when the parts are wet to ensure a good seal.
!I love these bottles.
They are not my favorite kind, but I am very pleased with them.
I couldn't even get formula to come through the stage one nipples, let alone my two week old!
The holes are not even there!I do agree with most people that the Ventair bottles are worth the money, because they do improve your feedings with your child, but I do suggest that you purchase different nipples with these bottles.I loved these bottles.
We ended up using all of them so we didn't have to wash them as often, but I have to say the Playtex bottles were the best as they help prevent gas and colic.
Although the shape of the bottle has that slight tilt to it, I don't think it really makes it any more difficult to dry on one of those special racks.
The only other brand I can think of that does this is Dr. Brown.
We didn't experience any drips with Medela, but they are plain bottles and do nothing to address the colic/gas issue.
So I would definitely recommend the Playtex bottles and they make a great gift for expecting parents.I love these bottles.
My baby loves them as well just because they are easy to grab and the curved bottle helps in getting all the milk.
Cleaning is bit painful as you have to remove all these attachments, but considering the benefits I don't mind some extra work.I'll start by saying that liner-based bottles are a thing of the past.
I think these leaked significantly less than comparable models.
And by leaking, I mean the leaking caused by milk being in the grooves of the lid when you screw the lid on.
That gap is the killer from which many a mess has been made.Grade; 4starsWe bought these after finding the Dr. Brown bottles we started with didn't seem to eliminate air intake and subsequent gas/spitting up.
Or at least the hassle of cleaning the bottles didn't seem to be worth whatever minor improvements we were seeing in gas reduction.
They worked as advertised when we were using the slow flow nipples.
The vacuum created by our daughter sucking milk out of the nipple was regulated through the gasket in the bottom of the bottle in lieu of drawing air through the nipple when she took a breather and creating air bubbles in the milk.
Super!
Sometimes even though the cap is screwed on tight, once our daughter starts to drink, milk will flow out from under the ring, down our hands an onto her chest.
Also, milk can leak from the bottom, so don't place it on any surface that needs a coaster, unless it's on, well, a coaster.
That's why I am only giving them three stars.
The wide mouth bottles fit perfectly across two tines of the middle level rack in our Miele dishwasher and the nipples, gaskets and bottom fit in the top utensil tray.
One tip:  Buy enough bottles so that you don't have to wash any of them by hand.
Given how expensive the Dr. Brown bottles were, that wasn't something I could do when using them.
I recommend them for their price and ease of use, but warn that they can leak.These bottles were recommended by a friend.
We initially bought the 6 oz size.
IMHO spare the hassle and just buy the bigger size since the kid will outgrow the small size within a couple of months.
We are definitely loving the angled bottles vs the straight bottles.
These bottles are a bit improvement on that.
These are easy to use and wash, they make my baby less gassy, and she can hold the bottle if I need her to.
I have switched to VentAire bottles over the drop-ins, Tommy Tippee and Avent bottles because I like these the best.Bottles are a babies personal preference.
I bought Nuk, and she didn't seem to like them.
We've never had gas or stomach issues, they're reliable bottles that don't leak and despite the "washer" piece they really aren't a pain to clean.
A lot have to do with the nipple.
Any way, what ever are your intentions, that's your child that's going to choose his bottle !
!My daughter is one year old & these have turned out to be my bottle of choice.
I have all kinds, Medela, Medela Calma & Dr. Brown's both big & small but these just work great.
The size is perfect, big enough but not huge, the shape is easy for her to hold herself even when the milk is getting low and she is tired.
They have worked since we started using them when he was a week old.
I guess because the air escapse through the bottom instead of in the baby's belly, we have found that he has minimal gas and needs less burping.
My husband and I have tried at least 6 other brands of bottles and these and the playtex drop-in's have been most sucessful for us.
I can actually see how the bottles are reducing air intake whereas the other ones seem more like a gimic and their anti-colic mechanisms are not readily apparent.
Also, the nipples on these bottles are smaller.
We've had a lot of success with the Dr. Brown's bottles, but they're expensive, so we wanted to give these a try.One of the selling features is "no bubbles," meaning the baby isn't inhaling air as he eats.
The curved design is supposed to prevent them.
Well, my son's bottle was filled with bubbles as he ate!
I watched them begin in the nipple and travel into the bottle, so with that first feeding I was pretty nervous as to how his stomach would be after eating.
Easy for my son to hold on his own.
I recommend these and will use these next time as well.These bottles seem very well made.
Minus a little fading, these bottles look new and the parts still work well.I put these bottles on my gift registry because of the air flow idea.
I just thought that it was a great.
They do have a lot less bubbles than other bottles, but we were out at a store & I decided to use these bottles for the first time.
Finally I noticed that after about 15 minutes she hadn't drank any of it.
So I started to examine the nipple...no hole.
It figured that the 2 bottles I brought to the store in the diaper bag were both the VentAir.
I looked at the 3 VentAir nipples I had at home & none of them had a hole.
If they did, it was so small that nothing came out even when I held the bottle upside down & squeezed the nipple.
I even used a needle to try to make a hole & my daughter still doesn't seem to get much milk from it.
For now I am giving up on the small VentAir bottles.Keeps gas at a minimum and are easy to prep.
I like how they fit perfectly in my nephews mouth and the crook of my arm as he is feeding.
I got them for my great-grand son who is due in March.
Mother was very pleased to receive such good bottles.I'm actually not a fan of these bottles, but for me, the problem lies moreso with the nipple.
My son spent half his energy trying to suck the formula out of them.
I gave up after a few feedings.
In my opinion, there are better bottle options out there.Of course I had bottles given to me and bottles that were purchased for me for my baby shower, and nome of them worked well.
After my daughter was in the NICU she had trouble with nipple flow, these were the only bottles that worked well for her.
We've never had problems with gas or major spit-up because of them.
There are times when if you don't get the bottom on tight with the plastic ring that goes in it to release air, it will leak out.
However, if all parts are together, it works great.
Even with those inconveniences, I still would use these bottles over any other.
I've purchased 3-4 sets now.
We have to have the standard nipples like the ones shown.
No other ones work for our daughter.I bought this to use as a nursing footstool and I love it.
But I can easily see myself using it long after I am done nursing.
Perhaps it works if you don't have a wood floor.Great small, lightweight nursing stool....soft on your feet providing the support you need while nursing or just sitting comfortably.
Also easy to tote around.
I would give it 5 stars but as others mentioned the fact that it picks up every hair and pc of lint is a minor annoyance.
I vacuum mine often or roll with a lint brush since I have pets.This stool is a great alternative to the wooden stool.
You will be able to use it beyond your nursing time, and the foot slots are big enough for any size foot.
This works just fine.
The major complaint I have with it is that because the whole thing is made out of foam, it compresses over time and loses its shape.
In spite of this, though, it still works just fine.
But again, this is only a minor annoyance.
For the price, this definitely serves its purpose.So we needed something like this for the late nights rocking the wee one to sleep.It does what it is supposed too and the foot pocket is warm.
That said it is a bit pricey for what it is.
It is light weight and you can throw it in the closet when you aren't using it.
A great price compared to all the expensive matching ottomans out there as well.
I live in an NYC apt where space is at a premium.
Good price in comparison though.I had to stop using a previous nursing stool when my baby started to crawl and cruise.
He often climbed up on it while playing and I was afraid he'd hurt himself on the sharp corners.
It is soft, perfectly angled for nursing, and the cozy place for your feet is an added bonus!
Well, it is great.
So great I bought a second one for the living room so i could stop carting it around everytime I wanted to breastfeed someplace other than the nursery.
It's sturdy enough that I also sat on it sometimes on the floor.
Now that Baby is 11 months old, I still use it when holding her in the rocking chair.
But surprisingly, it has become a nursery toy!
Now that she is crawling, she loves climbing on it.
Sometime's I turn it over, lay her belly down on the flat side and rock her back and forth a little on it.Mine did start of look a little dingy after some use - and who has time to wash these when you are washing all those newborn clothes.
I keep thinking he's just too small and is getting lost in it, but even as he grows I am still trying to make him more comfortable by adding a blanket to position him better.
Email me at:  Jul262003@yahoo.comNot great to lay your infant inside, but ok if you leave it closed and slide it under baby for extra support.
Also the material was  in his face.
I followed directions and thought I had it right, mabye they should send out someone to show me how it works.
Wish I had saved my receipt!My son was 7 lbs 1 oz when he was born and 20 inches long...
He wasnt the tiniest baby...
I tried putting him in the sling and it just looks like he's falling and being enveloped by this huge orange thing...
The shoulder strap is too narrow, it digs in, and I only had it on for a couple seconds.
I went with a New Native pouch and I LOVE it!!!
!I was very excited to get this sling.
I love that most people don't realize I'm holding a baby when wearing it -- this makes nursing even more discreet than in a normal sling as you don't draw attention from people wanting to see the baby.
The outside zipper pockets are great for keys, cell, wallet, etc., and the style is great (it looks more like a messenger bag until you're close up) & I've recieved lots of complements.
My 2 mo.
The sling is uncomfortably narrow at the shoulder & doesn't distribute weight well.I have three baby carriers.
It seems eccessive but I never found one that really was doing it for me.
I started with Gracco carrier and it turned out to be a nightmare everytime I had to put the baby inside.
My son was crying while I was snapping all the 1001 snaps it has there but after that he was stopping crying even though he wasn't looking too confortable.When he got older (5 mounths) we bought a backpack carrier.
We loved it and so did our son.
More over, when the baby sleeps, he is in a nice position and they seem to like it (even though I though his head was in a weird angle ?!?!)
I think that it doesn't worth the price for the time you use it.
Now that my younger son is 5 mounths, I don't use it anymore.My grand daughter loves this set.
The colors are bright and fun and just the right size for your hand.
The brush has soft bristles, both are brightly colored, cute design on both the brush and comb.I have used both the brush and the comb on our newborn.
The bristles on the brush are so soft, he likes the massage, and it helps rid his head of the cradle cap.
The comb is also soft, I certainly wouldnt violently run it through my newborns scalp, but with a gentle stroke it works just fine!I love this set, and the kids love to look at one while I brush their hair with the other, super adorable.Looks cute and colorful.
Comb bristles are way thin/sharp/hard for adults, let alone a baby.
Will be returning the set.what can i say...cute as a bug...price was great, they are very cute, perfect for my grandchild (bedroom decorated in ladybugs)My daughter loves to play with these, but the bristles are a bit hard.
I like to use a little softer brush on her baby hair.
He loves that it looks like a ladybug and worm and it works great on his hair.
They are both well made and in pretty colors.These spouts are great... they don't leak and they come apart for easy cleaning.They fit perfectly in Klean Kanteens, too!
Stainless steel is a great alternative to plastic cups for babies and children!
Wish they would sell in stores but I guess the stores would lose money.I tried a million different sippy cups, but my daughter just didn't take to the straw valve ones that were too difficult to suck from, or the freeflow BornFree that gave her more than she could handle.
The straw cups without valves worked ok for her, but sometimes she would suck up too much and it would go down the wrong pipe.These spouts were perfect for playful drinking, but she would not take large amounts.
I would recommend buying one set from Target ( or some grocery stores cary Avent) and trying first.
If it works, then buy more sets online.
They are probably a good option to convert your bottles into sippy cups, but my son did not like them.
He was exclusively breastfed & only used 1 bottle, that 1 time.
I bought these guys & the handles.
I eventually caved & bought 2 Nuby 2 Handle Cups with Soft Spouts.
The Avents *always* align.
Boo!
My toddler chewed through some of the white soft spouts, so I needed to find replacement spouts so I can use them to train my young baby to use the cup.
So -plan to replace soft spouts way more often, but the green ones hold up great for an older child.
ThanksWe inherited the avent bottle from friends and this transition option is a great idea.
We started our son off with the soft spouts without the flange at 6mth.
With future kids, I may skip the soft spouts, because he's not fooled that its a bottle, and go straight to the 'hard' spout.The Design of these needs to be more natural or shorter, baby has to open his mouth really big to get this in.
He just looks at it and wants to play with the bottle instead of try to drink from it.
I also think it's too long for him to put his little mouth over on his own.
Great design Avent!I love the option of using the bottles I already have as sippy cups.i like avent products.
imagine those bottles can turn into sippy cups.
indeed this spout is totally non spill and very gentle on baby's gums.
My son is still chewing too much for the green spouts--hello, toothmarks!
so I got these.
They leak every time.
I use them with the Pura bottles and have used the yellow Avent spouts since the beginning but have been unable to find them so I finally just bought these thinking they would be just as good.
They're not.Our daughter uses 2 sippy cups a day.
I was disappointed when a couple of our valves broke.
There are slits in the ends of these valves that allow them to both keep a seal & to allow the liquid the flow.
A couple of the slits broke & the sippy cups were no longer functional.I went to a big box baby products store looking for these.
She suggested that I had to throw away my cups & buy completely new cups.
Instead I came onto Amazon & found these.
We now have extra valves in case more break.I had a couple Playtex Sippy Cups that were a few years old, and missing the valves to make them spill-proof.
Found these online, ordered them, and sure enough they fit perfect and the sippy cups are good as new again!I'm so glad they sell these separately.
These fit our cups just fine.
We seem to be great at losing the inserts!
everything they make is interchangeable which is very budget friendly.
the valves tend to accidentally go into the garbage disposal or disappear in the dishwasher because they are clear.
i love them.
They worked great!
No spills, no leaking, and they didn't break when dropped.
Problem is for some reason we were losing the valves as some point in the wash process.
My hubbs was ready to toss the cups without the valves, but i insisted we had to be able to find the valves somewhere.
Amazon of course!
I bought some of these for replacements and as back ups.
Helps indeed the spills but the valve itself is hard to clean.
I didn't want to have to buy a whole new cup because we already had several, just missing pieces.
(thanks to our garbage disposal!)
They start to rip and then you have a milk leak!We just needed replacements for our sippy cups.
These work great.
We are getting years of use between children with playtex sippy cups!
They are by far our favorite kiddie cups!Arrived quick.
Always need these.
Replacement valves save the cups.
I love that Playtex offers replacements, since our other brand cups don't.
When those get lost or broken, we have to throw the cups away.These are exactly what I expected and fit into our playtex sipee cups.
They fit just right, allowing flow without leaking.These are the typical rubber replacement valves.
In our other (smaller/lower) tub, I only use a towel -- since the step/kneeler would give me too much height and cause me to bend over more and hurt my back.
So ... figure out if you need added height before buying this.
I use it, detached from the mat on the bottom because it does save my knees, but I can't use the net because now it is flimsy without the bottom attached and won't hold anything.
BUT, this item was absolutely indispensable when I was first home and recovering from my C-section!
Without it I wouldn't have been able to get in or out of bed, the car, or a chair.As far as the reviews about it being too tall or problems with older bathtubs, my tub is about 85 years old, and I wouldn't begin to be able to reach the floor of the tub without this.
We have two bathrooms, and both bathtubs, on the side where the faucet is the toilet is directly next to it.
Generally, if one were to be giving their child a bath, they would be right by the faucet so that they could control the water flow/temperature.... With toilets directly next to my bathtubs, I can't exactly kneel with 3 inches between the two porcelain objects.
Hah.
This will be up for sale at my next garage sale.We got this for the upcoming arrival of our daughter.
IT IS AWESOME!
It's very sturdy and has alot of padding.
I love the arm rest, it came loose a couple of times but a quick cleaning of the side of the tub and suction cups solved that.
BUT...the elbow pad is a joke!
It constantly pops off the tub whenever I put any weight on it.
I don't regret my purchase because of the stool which works really great.
I might as well kneel on a folded towel.
I was hoping for something that would be soft.
When I leaned against it to test it, it slid right off.
If I'd been busy bathing my baby, I would have tumbled into the tub with him.
I was only a few pounds over that so I thought "it will be safe".
Err!
Wrong answer, I cracked the kneeler portion.
What a blow to the postpartum ego.This Kneeler & Step Stool thing looks great.
We gave it as a gift but I totally wanted one for myself after seeing it.
I thought it would be great.
My daughter is 10 months now and I have already bought another monitor.
Within the first month of use the hand-held audio only monitor broke.
The way that it is angled, you need to mount it on the wall above the crib, or have it sitting on a tall piece of funiture that can overlook the crib.
This model has too many problems I wouldn't buy it if I could do it over again.We love our in sight video monitor!
We use it at every nap and all night long.
You turn off the monitor and just get sound if you want, but rather than geting up or opening our sons door at every peep I just check the monitor.
The image and sound are crystal clear and we dont ever get interfearance.
The best part is watching him play in the middle of the night or when he first wakes up and we're not in the room.
I once went in to get his thumb out of his mouth since I saw him sucking on it clear as day on the monitor but when I went in his room, I couldnt even see his face, thats how clear the image is!As for a movement monitor, Its called angle care movement and breathing detector.
The camera works great and the picture is clear.
The handheld unit works great throughout the house (3600sqft)although it doesnt work if I go out in the driveway, I bought a cheap $20 one that takes care of that.
This product has worked great for us!Here is an UPDATE.
Purchased 6 months ago/Broke down 01/30/05 Okay!
Maybe I should have paid more attention to the reviews.
All was fine, but then this weekend DEAD!
The monitor went out.
*Don't waste your money.
You are better off purchasing a system that works with your pc monitor.After reading the reviews on this monitor, I thought purchasing it would be a mistake.
Don't pay attention to reviews!
It work great!
There are many questions in regards to interference with cordless phone and such.
I have a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone system (4 units) in my home, a wireless internet connection, and many other technical items, and have no interference.
The monitor sits in my office on my desk next to the cordless phone system, my pc, monitor, speakers, and there are no problems.
The night vision element works fine.
Now I can let her sleep or stay awake without my presence, and know she is fine!I bought a different brand of monitor and never could get the picture to work so I exchanged it for this one.
Overall, I am happy with this monitor and glad that I can see my son now without having to go into his room and wake him up to check on him.UPDATE:  I first reviewed this item back in April 2005, when my daughter was 4 months old.
She is now 15 months old and the monitor is still working prefectly well.
We keep the monitor turned on throughout the night and while our daughter takes naps.
We have a second child on the way and will deffinately be using the monitor with him/her.
If it breaks, we will most deffinately buy another one.
The picture is clear and the contrast options allows for the brightness of the monitor to be adjusted at night.
It allows us monitor his sleeping habits without having to stand over his bed.
We occasionally get some interference and would have to smack the monitor a few times to get our picture back.
The picture is pretty clear, even at night.
We love it and wouldn't use another monitor.We love Kiddopotamus products and this one is no exception.
We don't use this anymore because my daughter is a toddler but we used it since the day my daughter was born and we brought her home from the hospital.
No slouching, very comfy and cozy - a definite must buy for any baby shower.
AWESOME.
Yeah Kiddopotamus!
!the head support doesnt fit to my car seat.
my baby head is squeeze and i guess it only fit in the stroller.
i like the touch of it but i have to return it .I love the snuzzler.
I put it in her car seat due to her little head always drooping to one side.
Works great!
There is no padding in the back of the snuzzler, just the sides which seems to make her feel secure.
Keeps your newborn warm and cozy - not to mention a better fit in their carseats.
Without it, she was hunched over - her neck wobbling around.
I didn't feel she was safely in her carseat.
She only weighed 6 pounds so the carseat was too big for her.
I do recommend this product to new parents.
Plus you can also use this in your stroller and/or bouncers!I bought this because it looked so cuddly and snuggly for my baby and because so many people had reviewed it as being helpful for keeping newborn heads where they should be in the carseat.
This chin-to-chest posture can restrict airflow.
Newborns can't necessarily protest or lift their heads to compensate when they're being deprived of oxygen.
I love other products from this company (like the swaddle-me!!!)
but the snuzzler is just another piece of baby junk that I could have done without.This item was very very handy for my little baby - she was only 6 lbs 14 oz at birth and grew slowly due to a heart condition.
I don't use this item in the car seat for safety reasons but ALWAYS use it in the stroller, bouncer, etc.
The Snuzzler is reversable for summer or winter and is adjustable as the baby grows.
Whenever the baby outgrows it, the baby is probably ready to sit in the infant seat without extra support.
Towels do not and are usually cotton which is extremely flamible.- It is now 8 months later.
We stopped needing the snuzzler in her infant seat at about 4 months old.
We had it stored for awhile and then brought it out again to use in her high chair.I have liked this item and have used it in my jogging stroller to give my little one some extra support in the seat.
The reason is that, heaven forbid you were in a car crash, any extra padding could compress too much creating too much gap in the straps holding your little one in the seat.
You don't want to have padding in between the seat back and the baby.My son was a big baby, checking in at over 9 pounds and 22 inches, but the headrests that came with the carseat still didn't offer enough support.
He looked so cozy with the fleece side cuddling him and he was very well supported.
Now that it's over 80 degrees, we've flipped it over to use the cooler fabric and he still loves it.
My son is almost 8 weeks old, so we tried taking it out of our carseat and just using the headrest that came with the carseat.
But, it still doesn't offer enough support.
The plan...to use it in my Perego P3 to snuggle my little peanut and protect his head from the detachable back strap.
I bought the snuzzler with every intention to use it, but I haven't.
I haven't used it in his P3 because I ended up buying the Kolcraft Universal Car Seat Carrier.
It would be too bulky.
I tried it in his swing, but it creates to tight of a fit.
I tried it in his bouncer...can't snap him in...too bulky.
So why would I rate if I haven't even used it?
That's basically it.
My advice would be to be sure you are going to use it before making the purchase.I have told every new mom I know this is a must have.
Our son was able to be all snuggled in and his head wouldnt flop around.
He is still using this at 4mnths old.
Our son is 5 days old and we have used the Snuzzler in his carseat and his bouncer.
It supports his head beautifully.
The fleece side helps keep him warm.
***Update- A big plus> I have washed it several times in the washing machine then let it hang dry and it still looks great.
I am looking forward to using for our next child!I love this thing!!!!
My baby looks soooo comfy when she is in her carseat!!!
She was starting to outgrow it, but i still was using it, until the other day, I saw Lilly's new cousin Sarah slumped over in her carseat.
I think I might buy this for everyone when i go to baby showers now!!!!!
!I got this Snuzzler for a babyshower gift and was so excited.
I soon realized that it was way to big and bulky for our newborns carseat.
I took others advice and put it in the stroller, and our swing and it is great!
Our little girl was born small, only 6lbs 2oz and it held her perfectly!
It doesn't take up space behind baby, it just takes up the space between the side of the car seat and the baby.
We took it out to wash it, went out before it dried and it stayed home.
As soon as she fell asleep in the car without the Snuzzler- *flop*.
Btw it washed beautifully and still looks brand new.
The warm fuzzy side seems to keep her very cozy in our cold weather.
As far as safety you can tell it doesn't add any bulk or come between the baby and the straps.I doubted the Snuzzler's claims, bought it, and LOVE it.
If I have more kids I'll consider it a necessity and if they could talk they'd probably say the same.Other reviewers mentioned that this is a must for smaller babies, but our daughter was nine pounds when she was born and she was so snug and comfy in her car seat with the Snuzzler.
We also use one in the stroller - for extra padding.
I like that it's adjustable and will grow with the baby, and the design allows it to be used virtually anywhere - in the car seat, stroller, swing, high chair - you name it!
It may even be used as a sleep positioner in the crib to prevent the baby from rolling over.We use our Snuzzler every day and it doesn't show any wear at all.
It washes well (doesn't shrink, bunch, fade or pill) and may well serve more than one baby.This is a must have for baby during the first 6-8 weeks.
It provides much needed support in the car seat, bouncy chair, etc.
It prevents them from slumping down and supports their little bodies.
This is one of my top-5 items for a new baby.It is fast and works great!
It is much faster than the old fashioned way of warming bottles, and it is portable.
We've taken it out of town several times.
Plus, it doesn't leak!I wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel.
BUT I noticed that the ON/OFF switch SPARKED EVERY TIME you turned it off.Luckily, I had kept the box so I just exchanged it for another only to discover the second did the exact same thing!
This is a HUGE FIRE HAZARD!
I even searched for information about Recalls on this warmer but found nothing.
Maybe it was just a fluke that I purchased the two out there that did this - but if I were you I wouldnt take the chance that there are more with this problem, avoiding it altogether and buy a different brand!Initially I would have recommended this warmer but now I say DONT BUY IT!
The on/off switch needs to re-designed before it is safe to use.
(I wouldn't be surprized if this gets recalled!
)This is very useful and it heats up bottles quickly and easily.
If your baby is hungry they want to eat now and don't want to wait for a bottle to warm up in this thing.
It takes too long.
I got one for my shower and I'm so mad that I threw the box away because I wish I could return it.
I have always just warmed the bottle in the microwave.
Only an idiot wouldn't check the temp before feeding their baby anyway.
SAVE YOUR MONEY AND JUST USE THE MICROWAVE.
It's so much faster!
!We just had a new baby boy and I feel like a new mother!
My older son is now 14 years old and boy have baby products changed since then!
I seriously considered comments and reviews when deciding which items I wanted, which I could live without, and what was an absolute must have.
So I hope you find my review just as helpful when deciding on your purchase.
The trick is to play with the warmer and get the water levels right before attempting to use it.
So far we use it daily and it's always heated consistantly and quickly (1-2 mins max).
It heats up the bottles well.
It gets 4 stars because I think it takes way too long to heat up a bottle.
My son screams waiting for the warmer to get done.
I was given this as a shower gift and it has been a lifesaver.
We use it anytime we need to heat up a bottle, day or night.
But most of the time, they are just right.
We simply pour the water into the warmer unit, put in a bottle, and while we are changing her diaper, the bottle is heating.
By the time we are done changing her diaper, the bottle is ready.
We just keep the warmer in her room for convenience.
However, I called the company and they sent new ones that have had no problems.This warmer has been a life saver.This device is great!!!
It heats the bottles to the right temp fast very fast.
Easy to use.
The detached cooler is great for trips and family functions.
Keeps the bottles cool to you are reasy for them.This is a great item for nighttime feedings.
No running downstairs to the kitchen for bottles.
I put it on my nightstand so I don't even have to get out of bed to get a bottle.
It holds 2 bottles.
I used it for almost 3 months and then I went to the microwave.
Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this warmer.I got tired of getting up at night and going to the kitchen to warm up the bottle.
You have to play with it to see how much water you need to get the bottle the right temp.
But once that is done it is great.
It makes a sizzling sound, but you get used to it and now my son waits for the bottle to warm up and looks at it eagerly, but doesn't cry.
It hold two bottles, but when I bought it my son just decided to drop the midnight feed so now I use it for the 5 a.m. feed only.
I have to use extra ice blocks to keep it cooler longer, but it does save me from getting out of bed since his crib is next to my bed.I found this to be unecessary.
I don't usually store formula so I didn't need the cooling compartment.
This method takes less than 5 minutes, i.e.
you don't have to hear your baby scream for 5 minutes.Yes, it's great because it is convenient; it's right at your bedside or baby's cribside so you don't have to take an extra 5 minutes to go downstairs and it can be plugged in anywhere so you can take it on the road with you if you're staying overnight somewhere.
And yes, all of your feeding accessories are close at hand and you can store 2 bottles at a time...
We can even use the same amount of water 3 times in a row and one bottle will be too hot, the other too cold and maybe the last just right.
We're still working on it, though- even though we've had this for about two months (and please note that this is our second one - the first one stopped getting hot after two weeks).
We use Dr. Brown's bottles and they fit perfectly and we don't remove the vent or the nipple like another reviewer had to.
Maybe that's why the bottle doesn't warm the same way each time.
It could also depend on how cold (or "cool") the bottle is.
It's a great concept but it needs a little more tweaking.
Guess what though - I still use it every night!!!!
)During my first pregnancy I received a Night and Day bottle warmer as a gift.
You might be able to use it if you have twins and they only get up once during the night.When I became pregnant a second time, one of the first things I asked for was a Night and Day Bottle warmer.
The two water holders slide onto the side of the warmer and the cooler is placed in the back.
One for bottles and one for jars of food.There is a chart on the side of the cooler.
You find the size bottle you are using and what type.
You fill the water to the number on the water holder.When you want to warm a bottle you dump the water into the warmer place the bottle in and hit the button.
Button will glow orange as it warms.
When it is ready the light will shut off.
Takes about 2-5 minutes.Good Features:On and Off switch on the cord.
Breaks very easily.
Cooler will no longer lock if one is missing.
Steam can get into cooler because seal is broken.
It was just the plastic clip on the side.
Then a few nights later I noticed that the lock on the cooler was broken.
I emailed First Years and told them about my broken pieces.
It is very convenient to remove the bottle from the cooler, place in warmer hit start.
Better than going to the kitchen and warming a bottle.
I decided that I would follow the leader and add my reviews.
I couldn't wait to review this product!
It is my favorite!
As other reviewers mentioned, it is a life-saver!
It makes middle-of-the-night feedings so easy!!
I have a two story home, and love that I don't have to go downtstairs to get a bottle or heat it!
The cooler holds two bottles, which is enough for us, as baby is eating every three hours.
I don't feel the need to move the warmer from the nursery during the day because I take baby there to change her before all her feedings anyway.
I would never call this product silly or unecessary because I don't think getting a bottle to a nice room temperature instead of out-of-the-fridge-cold for my baby is being over the top!
I've had no long waits, no mess, no problems.
I use Dr. Brown's bottles, and yes, you have to take the cap and nipple off, but I leave the tube in with NO PROBLEM.
I have had to tweak the heating time a little for the short, four ounce Dr. Brown bottles, but again, NO PROBLEM!
Seriously folks, this isn't rocket science!
Read the directions!
With common sense and very little adjusting, this product is priceless!
Well...I too read all the reviews for this item, registered for it, and received it as a gift.
Well...we found absolutely no use for it.
If you start your baby with warming his milk, then you're only getting him use to it.
It's already leukewarm.
The only time I warm up the bottle is if it's been in the fridge...at that point, I just run it under hot water to warm it up.
Save your $$ and/or those of your friends/family who get it for you!The bottle warmer is a must have for new moms.
This bottle warmer will heat your bottle in 1-2 minutes -- it's quick and easy.
Although we are breastfeeding, there are times when we bottle feed breastmilk.
This item is a lifesaver.
The directions are so easy and the unit has everything you need!
We add two bottles to the cooler compartment and fill the water tubes before we go to sleep.
Let me tell you that at 3:00 am, being able to just dump the water in the warmer and add the bottle is a real plus.
Even with just the light of a nightligt, it is easy to use.
This ease of use means that we can complete the feeding and get back to sleep in minimum time.
I love the safety feature of the auto shut-off and you will be amazed at just how quickly it works.
In addition, being able to use it for a variety of bottles, milk storage bags and even baby food jars makes it a product that grows with your baby.I wish I would have purchased this bottle warmer from the very beginning.
I purchased the Avent Bottle Warmer because I was using Avent Bottles but I recently had to switch bottles and had to purchase a bottle warmer to accommodate those bottles.
Little did I know, this bottle warmer works well with Avent bottles as well.
I guess I will have to guestimate at this point.I thought that I just had to have this bottle warmer.
I found this warmer to be more of a hasssle than anything.
I used Avent bottle (which I love - no gas!!)
The bottles were either too hot or too cold.
It is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in seconds.I simply love this machine!
If your looking for a bottle/food warmer buy this one!This warms your bottles just fine, but it is a little hot once you pull it out.
The cooler doesn't keep the bottles cold enough, so I'd get the cheaper version without it.I definately liked the convenience.
During the early stages of breastfeeding and we needed to suplement, it was nice to have the bottle there and not have to go downstairs in the middle of the night.
It either gets too hot or I have to do it several times until it's hot enough because my guess of how much water to use is always off.
HELP!!!
I've also got the one without the cooler in my kitchen.We bought this anticipating my husbands on-call performances at night time with our second child (my first was up every 2 - 3 hours for a few months and Daddy got the midnight slot).
Our wee one only gets up once a night at 3am so I may as well do it and sleep later into the morning, we're all up at 6am anyway!So, to conclude, not a necessary item for US and hardly used, perhaps formula feeding and more demanding babies would use it - as a shower gift it would be fine but don't bother spending extra yourself.I just don't like this product.
I just started using the mircrowave and it seem to heat faster this way.
It takes forever for the formula to get warm by this product.My children are 12 years apart and I wish they would have had this item with my first.
It is so easy to use and makes those middle of the night feedings just a little more tolerable.
If you get into a routine: ( wake up place the bottle in the warmer change the diaper the bottle is done by the time you are and has even had time to cool for a moment).
Go figure.
I had a c-section and we lived in a 2 story house, what trips this saved my husband from going downstairs all night was well worth the money.Save your money and go to a local Walmart and get the bottle warmer by Parents choice.
It allows the bottle to be stored on low for 8 hours and actually will boil water if need be!Great product....it really simplifies and speeds up bottle preparation.
Even though we ended up rarely using bottles, I don't regret this purchase for the reason that it makes the times we DO use bottles much easier.
Cooler is convenient at night, and the warmer takes all guesswork and hassle out of preparing the bottle.
No complaints.A bottle warmer has many uses.
What I had to do was shake the bottle to more evenly distribute the temperature through out the bottle and add more cool water to the resevoir 3-4 times.
This situation is easily fixed however by remembering (easier said than done when you aren't sleeping much!!)
to take out a bottle 12-18 hours in advance.Overall, great product, great value and a must have.
I would have given it 5 stars if there was a way to set some sort of control to tell it that the bottle is full of frozen liquid.I use platex nurser with the disposable liners, and when I tried to heat it in the warmer sometimes it would be cold other times it would get so warm that the liner would leak.
Also when my husband lets me sleep in on weekends, he feeds the baby either formula or some cooled breastmilk if it's available.
Just pour whatever amount of water in it tells you, drop your bottle in and press the button.
Within minutes you have a perfectly warmed bottle for your baby.
I know I thought I would, but not everything works out as you plan.Ok this item is something that has made life so much easier for us.
All these bottles warmed up quickly, quietly and beautifully in this warmer.
It says it takes 5 minutes, for a full 8oz maybe but with a newborn the bottles warm up in next to no time at all.
I keep a small jug of water next to my bed as well in case I need extra I don't have to go to the bathroom to get more.
The water holders are such a bonus as there is no having to get enough light to look inside to see the "fill line" or anything like that.
It heats pretty evenly and I would recommend this item to anyone wanting a bottle warmer.
We usually just leave the bottles at room temperature, seeing as it's winter, and just warm them from then.
I have now been able to get the fast and slow of these and was able to find the orthodontic, which were the only ones my kids would accept when first going from breast to bottle, from eBay for around the same price I paid for these, Amazon did have them but at the time they were 3 times the price.
These nipples were a lifesaver and allowed my baby to easily switch between breast and bottle.
I recommend these to everyone with a baby!My son liked this until his preference for regular size nipple.
It was a life saver.I never thought I could feel so much affection towards a latex nipple.
That was, until I met Playtex.
Oh, I could bore you with the details of what i like to call "the bottle wars" that took place in our home last Spring, but I will spare you.
What I will tell you is that when we discovered the Playtex drop-ins WITH, and ONLY WITH, the latex nipples, a cease fire took place and peace was restored to our home.
You're going "this woman is nuts,"  but no, these nipples here allowed me to, oh I don't know, take a quick jaunt to Starbucks and the store sans baby because finally she would take a bottle from someone else!!!
GO old school, get these bottles and the latex nipples.
And thank me later.A nipple our breastfed baby likes!
He is five months old and this is the only nipple he's ever tolerated.This was our 6th bottle/nipple to try on our daughter who refused to take the bottle.
It finally worked!!!
And the whole Playtex system is so easy and convenient to use.
I thought he just wasn't ready, but the next day I caught my husband feeding him with a fast flow nipple and he was just fine!
I filled the two we had with water and held them upside down over the sink.
One dripped at about 3-4 drops per second.
These nipples don't fit any of my Medela, Evenflo, Avent, or Similac bottles.
Totally worthless purchase.
After having ordered these, I found out that they cost less at Babies'r'us.
Formula barely comes through.
Slower than the slow-flow!
The other Playtex nipples I've bought aren't BPA free and they work MUCH better.I got these latex nipples to have 'spare parts' for my vintage baby bottle collection.
The babysitter had to spoon feed milk to her.
I tried almost every other bottle and nipple on the market except for the Adiri Breastbottle Nurser - Baby Bottle.
Drop-Ins - 100-ct..
The nipple is very wide and shaped more naturally than other bottles.
I replaced the silicon nipples that are included with the bottles with this rubber nipple and she finally drinks from the bottle and still breastfeeds whenever I am home.
The drop-in bags turned out to be a great benefit of the bottles also.
And because the bottle is lightweight and has a hollow bottom, my baby can easily hold the bottle to drink by herself.Daughter strongly prefers to breast feed.
They're the only bottle/nipple that she will take (won't even take the silicone version of these nipples).
Now every baby is different so this may not be the magic combination for you, and even now she still has her days when she'll reject the bottle, but this was a great solution for us.
If you have a picky baby that won't take any bottles, I would recommend trying these out.
I have used them for 3 kids now and this last time about a third of the nipples we bought were defective, which was disappointing.The flow is between a slow and a medium in the Playtex silicone ones so the label of &#34;fast flow&#34; is a bit off.
Someone had recommended the latex nipples to me because they are softer than silicone.
We started him on these, and once he was used to it, transitioned to the silicone Playtex nipples.
Great product, especially for the bottle-wary baby!I used these with my now 3 year old b/g twins and my now 8 month old b/b twins.
My boys still use these, though now we also mix in some other cheaper bottles and use these mainly for bedtime.
My sons still nurse occasionally and get breastmilk, and they will take ANY bottle nipple, but for a while this was the ONLY one they would take, so I consider it their favorite.
I recomend these for all new moms.
My baby wasn't too great about taking a bottle before, but he actually started drinking from these.
He seems to like the nipple.
I like the angled shape of the bottle because it makes for a more comfortable feeding.The one draw back to these bottles is that there are two extra parts to clean.
But if I'm washing a bottle anyway, it's really not a big deal.
she only drinks from these bottles since she was 3 mos (she's now 11mos).
Would definately recommend it!I love these bottles.
Our babysitter got over it fast so she went to walmart and bought some slower-flowing nipples (same brand, same fit) and is swearing by them.
Definitely would buy again if I hadn't already stocked up, haha!One thing to note:: These bottles DO NOT work if you're trying to switch parts with any other brand.
although she was young for it, I got her the next ones up and that was entirely too fast.
Faster flow, gagging child and still lot of gas.I loved the way they broke down, but the plastic inserts and the angles never did seem to do anything better about gas than my Avent bottles.
It was honestly when I used the wide mouth Handi-craft Dr. Brown bottles that I started really noticing a difference.
These seemed to be along the same lines and cheaper, so we gave them a try.Overall, I would say that these are a great product for their price.
High quality, durable, and has a wide nipple so our daughter can go back and forth from bottle to breast.
Like the Avent bottles, they are easy to clean and there are not any thin tube/weird parts that are hard to clean and need to be replaced periodically (which is what drove me away from the Dr. Browns and Tommee Tippie bottles.)
The second is that although the bottle does vent just like it aims to do, it seems that it takes more pressure in the bottle to cause it to vent compared to the Avent bottles.
This is only really a problem when the little one is getting lazy at the end of her bottle, and will just start to let go of the nipple causing it to vent through the nipple.
Over all, these are minor issues.They are less expensive, so I could see these being a good alternative for some parents.I would grab these in a pinch if there were no Avent bottles, but I'm sticking to the Avent.Baby has feeding issues so we have to feed him in an upright position (the NICU feed position)  Other bottles were hard to use in this position, but the angle of the ventaire makes it so easy.
I did however prefer the brighter colors that the old ventaire bottles came in.
(deep blues, purples, etc)we bought this for my daughter because we do a combination of breast feed and formula feed.
This one is more natural to other bottles we have used before and also the ventaire technology is simple yet amazing.
I filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
So, I washed the bottle in hot water.
I've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed.
Then, I tried the sheet experiment again.
It didn't leak.
Now on baby number three, I was excited to get the new and improved Playtex bottles.
All my kids had problems with gas bubbles as babies and these bottle really helped stop this problem.
Easy cleaning, allows for breastfeeding moms to store milk and many other advantages you'll find as you use them.Highly recommend these bottle to everyone.
If you are looking for a slow flow bottles, those are the ones.
I have tried several brands,  like born free and dr Brown.
I've had them leak several times but it's been because I haven't let the latex valve on the base air dry completely.
I tried these out as an alternative with my third child and I love them.
Therefore, I believe these bottles are doing a great job with keeping the air from going through the nipple.
They are different then most bottles as there is not only the nipple and nipple ring on top but 2 pieces on the bottom that comprise the 'ventAire' system.
I thought at first this would be a hassle but it is not much extra work to clean (more pieces to keep track of though).
In fact it makes cleaning the bottle itself possible with a sponge since with the bottom and top pieces taken off you can put a sponge in from either end.If you are new to bottles though I do highly recommend this as an essential piece of baby equipmentOXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Stand, OrangeThe bottle brush has gotten us up to 15 months, could not have done bottles without it.
In the end our daughter took right to these and the nipples on the 9 ounce ones seem to flow well for an older baby.
There was one bottle that for whatever reason leaked when I shook the bottle to mix it.
Ultimately it's a fine product and I would recommend it.The nipple is one that got rave reviews.
You don't have residual feedings left in these bottles for that very reason.The angled shape make it easy for whoever is holding the bottle.
The weight is more or less evenly distributed and leakage, if any is minimal.
These bottles were originally recommended to me by a lactation consultant.
Lactation Consultant recommended the slow flow nipple and said to never change them to faster ones.I work full time and it was important that my baby be fed the milk I pumped at work.
Highly, highly recommended.While my first son almost never spit up, my second spits up ALL the time.
Nothing out of the ordinary, but still a good bit.
We've only been using these a few weeks, but he hasn't spit up near as much.
So, you can still only use it as a 4 ounce bottle IF using powdered formula.
There's plenty of room if you're using liquid or breast milk for 6 ounces.
(This set only has the 9 ounce bottles, though).-There's 6 pieces to put together for each bottle.
Two pieces go together at the bottom, and 3 at the top.
I'll admit sometimes it gets to be a pain with so many peices, but most bottles these days have a lot of pieces.-There's different colors, so there's a variety.
I like that the colors are gender neutral.
I like them to match, though.-The "slow" nipple is VERY slow!
The "fast" nipple is VERY fast.
It's fast enough that you don't have to widen the hole or anything.
:)My favorite is the Playtex Drop-ins bottles, just because you don't have to wash bottles and can just throw in a new liner, but these are my second favorite.
I bought the wide ones so I can easily switch the nipples to my drop-ins bottles.
The only thing with these is one of them leaks a tiny bit.
When I shake up the bottle to mix the formula, sometimes drips go flying.
Other times they can be filled with water and in my diaper bag all day without a drop missing.
I'd still recommend them.With my first child I used the Playtex Drop-Ins, then switched to the standard VentAire once I got tired of buying more liners all the time.
They worked great, so when purchasing bottles for our second child, I went ahead and purchased a full set of the VentAire Wide (6 of the 6oz and 4 of the 9oz) along with extra nipples and discs.
This was apparently a mistake.
Our new little one is 2 weeks old and I've had numerous issues with these bottles.
Sometimes my little one will suck and suck and make no progress, other times the formula comes out so fast he chokes and gags on it.
I frequently have to replace the top or bottom of the bottle to find a combination that works.
2 weeks in and I'm already this frustrated, I can't imagine another year of this nonsense.
because the bottom comes off.
This is great when I'm out and about without my bottle brush.- The shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too although the 9 oz size is very unwieldy for young babies.- DISHWASHER SAFE!Cons:- Water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water (but once you realize that it's easy to shake it out).- Can't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas.- I wish this set came with an extra vent disk and nipple like the multi-size set.Our baby was almost exclusively breast fed from the start.
We were not very diligent on giving her a bottle often so she probably got pretty attached to the breast.
They are always at the nipple of the bottle.
Does this happen to anyone else?
I notice the same amount of burping and fussiness regardless of whichever bottle I use.
I thought something was wrong at first but it was just the wrong nipple, as my baby still requires the slow-flow ones.I own 3 sets of these bottles, bought at 3 different times and three different places, and I haven't had a bit of trouble with any of them.
I started out using the Playtex disposables with the natural shape nipple while breastfeeding - and they were great - but when I started the transition to formula gas became more of an issue for my baby.
I bought these and I haven't looked back.When I bought the first set my baby was still using the slow flow nipples, so I got the 9 oz size, bought slower nipples and just switched them out.
I switched back to the stage 2 nipples.
She was used to sucking really hard, and so the faster flow gagged her a little.
She dribbled a lot more out of her mouth, too.
After a week or so she learned to slow down.
She still dribbles a little at almost a year, but she's a baby.
She doesn't seem to mind, so why should I?
I have plenty of burp cloths to clean her up with!I have had a few leaks, BUT each time it was my fault.
Sometimes you're just in a rush.
But, I have used these bottles all day, every day for at least 6 months now, and they are holding up beautifully.
I scrubbed and sterilized her bottles daily until she was 10 months old.
(Looking back, what was I thinking?
That was total overkill!!!)
Now I just rinse them and put them in the dishwasher.
The wide size cleans up easily no matter how you choose to clean them.After reading some other reviews, I guess I would be a little upset too if I bought a bunch of bottles only to find out they weren't right for me and my baby.
She said instead of buying a lot of bottles up front or a big starter pack, buy one or two of the individual ones in the brand(s) you want to try.
Then get one or two of the alternate nipples (if the bottle comes with silicone, buy one or two latex).
When the baby comes you can try out just one or two.
She said to still register for the big box, but just don't open it.
If they aren't what you or the baby likes you can return the starter pack and get the ones that work for you.
Smart cookie.
That's how I knew the Playtex bottles and nipples were the right ones for us.WE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
The work as advertised,  all WE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
He's now 6-months old and drinks more than 6 oz at a time, we use upgraded our bottles to these 9 oz bottles.
Same great quality as the starter set.
I also like how the bottle is curved so my baby can kind of hold the bottle on his own.
Anyways, great brand.they do prevent air from being swallowed, but the wide nipple doesn't work with my newborn, who has a small mouth and can't seem to latch onto this well enough without milk spilling now and then.
Recommend this item .I used VentAire bottles with my daughter 12 years ago and was excited to get a chance to try them again.
I am blown away at the product today.1.
When the baby drank, there were no bubbles at all around the mouth so I know the valve in the bottom was working as it is supposed to.3.
Yes, there are some extra parts, but nothing like the Dr. Brown's bottles I used with my son.4.
If you're buying these for a small baby, you will likely need to replace them with slower flow nipples to start with.We love these bottles!
They do create bubbles when baby is drinking, but the bubbles dissipate almost immediately.
The bottles have reduced his gas and they seem to be the only nipples he can suck on without bending or compressing them.
That said, we've had difficulty finding replacement nipples for them!
The stores in our area sell only the stage 2 Vent Aire Natural Shape nipples.
The regular stage 1 Vent Aire nipples are too small for these bottles.
Still, I'd recommend these bottles highly.Bought these because my boy has acid reflux and is supposed to eat upright.
I was hopful they would work well.
However they leak.
No matter what I tried they leaked.
Had others try them for me, they leaked for them.
DO NOT BUY.These are the only bottles my 8 week old will drink from.
Its not convinient to constantly breast-feed and these bottles are perfect.
The nipple on this bottle is so "real" and is the only one my boy will use.
HUGE MISTAKE!First let me tell you, NEVER buy a lot of one type of bottle before having your baby test them out!
I purchased these bottles and I LOVE them!
My boys only take the natural nipple, and I have yet to see another bottle with a similar nipple shape.
They do NOT leak if you put them together properly.
There is no "special trick" to getting the bottles to seal correctly so there aren't any leaks, which is how a bottle should be... you shouldn't have to line up arrows or wet the rim first, thats none-sense.
The curve allows me to easily feed a baby ((or two!))
)).There IS one thing I would like to add.
One of my friends who has a daughter a bit older than my boys was at first dissapointed in the ventaires because they leaked in her diaper bag while traveling with them... We realized that this is because the bottle caps are NOT meant for preventing leaks while thrown into a diaper bag!
Therefore when I need to bring bottles on a day trip, I put the right about of powdered formula into the bottles required, and carry around a large water bottle separately.
When its feeding time I add water, shake, and have a ready-made bottle!
He also has reflux so we are constantly dealing with spitting up, burping issues, and excess gas.
formula leaked from the bottom of the bottle where the vents are located.
I hesitated but tried it in the warmer any way on the second use.
I ended up having to clean the bottle warmer, the counter top, the VentAire bottle and the feed to and finished Dr. Brown bottle.This is by far the worst venting system ever.Now that I have your attention, I like these bottles a whole bunch.
Even your husband can figure it out!
Now that is easy if a man can figure out the fine art of bottle assembly and dissasembly.
Overall, 5 starsThe vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
However, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.Other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak.
There are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.I have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
The nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference.
However, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.Overall, this is a fine baby bottle despite the minor drawbacks.these bottles were recommended by our pediatricianthey really do help lessen swallowed air and in turn baby gaswhich helps lessen spit upI like these bottles, they are good for breast-fed babies.
I have purchased the (fast) flowing nipples now since my son got tired of the slow ones that were helpful when he was 3 months old.I got these because I babysit my nephew who is breast fed.
His mother started classes and is away for 9 hours a day.
Certainly makes feeding time while mom's away a whole lot less stressful!
!I love these bottles.
My breastfed baby goes back and forth between the breast and the bottle so easily with these.
We like both, but happen to use these more now because we lost our fast nipples for the AVENT.My little one is now 6 months old, and up until recently was both bottle and breastfed.
(They also give you extras of the most easily lost part, the vent cover thing.
)We needed some more of the larger size bottles since she is now having 6oz per feeding, and putting 6 oz in the 6oz bottles is a bit tight.
(For some reason, I can't find a reasonably price set of just the fast nipples for these anywhere.
)I know they have a lot of parts and are kind of a pain to clean but my daughter loves them.
We tried pretty much all other bottles.
These really helped my daughter with colic along eith switching her to hypoallergenic formula.
She flat out refused all others.
These ones have NO BUBBLES!
He burps as soon as you sit him up (this might just be because he is a fast burper?
He definitely spits up alot less with these bottles, there are far fewer bubbles in the bottle, too.
She loves the bottles, too, and says these are all she uses now.
It definitely makes for far less laundry when the baby doesn't spit up nearly as much!
:-)My experience with these bottles was overall great.
It all boils down to personal preferences, and to what your baby likes best.However, I recommend buying ONE to begin with, then buying this set if you liked the one.
=/I tried the orginal VentAires to help my baby with gas, but he didn't seem to like those nipples at all, so when I found these I bought them right away.
He also gets less gas.
I like that this bottle can use the same nipple as the Dropins.
You don't have to use the bottle rings that come with the kit, as they fit right on the adapter.
Just remove the bottle from the adapter ring after pumping, put the sealing disc on, and store until feeding.
It only takes a few minutes since, and whalaa (NO NEED FOR A BOTTLE WARMER!
If I have extra milk I just freeze it in an ice cube tray, and store in Ziploc freezer bags.
This system has turned out great for if lil' one finishes her bottle and is still hungry but doesn't need another entire feeding, just put a cube or two in...no wasted milk!OVERALL, THIS BOTTLE IS A GREAT CHOICE FOR THE BREASTFEEDING MOM WHO CAN'T BE READILY AVAILABLE 24/7 :)I can't even use this bottles yet because they arrived with FAST flow nipples, although the picture clearly shows a box with SLOW flow ones!
Thanks amazon.
Urgh.Got this for a shower.
don't know if they work.
baby isn't even born yet.
guess they will do the job.My three month old daughter is breastfed and we thought we'd give these bottles a go.
We tried both the slow and fast flow nipples  in these bottles and she wasn't able to get anything out of the bottle with either flow rate.
The set contains three nine ounce bottles with the fast flow nipple.
There are no additional replacement valves for the vent with the set as there are in the newborn starter set.Other reviewers have stated that they had leaking issues with these bottles.
What good is a bottle if it's nearly impossible to get anything to come out of it?
Personally, I'd pass on these bottles and try either the Avent bottles or the Playtex Drop Ins.My husband and I were beside ourselves with our newborn trying to find a bottle that she would like and wouldn't create extra air.
She was very gassy!We tried everything... Dr. Browns, Tommy Tippee, and Gerber and none of them worked... plus the Dr. B and Tommy Tippee are much more expensive.
She finally liked the Playtex Ventaire!!
The key is the WIDE nipples...
I am nursing as well and you have to get the wide nipples.The only thing is the fast nipples (which is what they come with) are way too fast... (we started her on these bottles at 4wks...
I had to buy the wide MEDIUM flow WIDE nipples and they work great).
She's now 7 wks and the fast nipples are still too fast... we just tried this am!
Those are small problems though, i would still recommend using these bottles, my son loves drinking from them.We are loyal to the Soothie line of bottles and so forth, they have always worked well for us.
She didn't seem to like the shape, and it was kind of awkward for her.
It was really hard to get the top just so, so it wouldn't leak.
I wouldn't choose this one again.would NEVER buy any other bottle but these.
I have 12 of them.
they were great.
I have some of the more $$ ones and those leaked.
Not playtex wide ventAire.
THey were excelent.
great if you are breastfeeding (wide nipple only).
I love the shape of them because they are easy to hold.
This shape is also designed to help prevent ear infections according to the manufacturer.
A must have for your baby!
We started with the Playtex Drop-ins.
I have been very happy with those bottles, but sometimes I hate dealing with the inserts.
My son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
Fast is just too fast for him.
He moved up to the medium at 2.5 months, but I don't see him moving up any time soon.
I suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jump.These were SUCH a pain to clean and use - my kitchen looked like a science lab.
I threw them all out.This bottle design was great for my little one.
With these bottles, she was able to hold it up pretty well rather quickly.
For my little one the fast-flow nipples were a little fast, but I was able to get slow-flow nipples for the bottles and it worked perfectly.These were great at first, we loved the size and "tilt" feature.
However, we stopped using them because nipples would clog.
Dont use a bottle brush and put it through the bottom stopper... it can cause it to tear and leak.
We've generally handwashed the bottles and parts, but have put them through the dishwasher with success.Leaking: We ususally have at least one bottle a week that leaks.
The only time we had a consistent leak to troubleshoot, it was due to the bottom stopper having a tear in the inner ring.Replacement parts: I'm really confused as to why the bottom stoppers are not available in most stores.
Also, why do they sell three packs of bottles and only two packs of nipples?
So we have nine bottles and eight nipples.
My baby took to it easily and he's both a bottle fed and breast fed baby.I absolutely love these bottles.
of water was in the bottle as according to the scoops of formula.
When I found the VentAire collection I thought it was great because both my husband and myself had problems with ear infections as children.
Our baby actually burps less using these than with breastfeeding.
I was skeptical at first, but my son actually seems to have less gas after eating from these bottles.
I found the same results from Avent bottles, but those cost more.
The only downside to these is that each bottle has 5 parts, so if you don't have a dishwasher they would be pain to clean.
I tried giving him this bottle and he couldnt get anything out of it!
He was just sucking air.
I looked at the ammount in the bottle after a few minutes and he hadnt gotten anything.
I tried twisting the top of the nipple to "open" the hole and tried again.
I use the normal ventaire ones and he love them and has no problem!I was happy to try these Playtex VentAire Natural Shape bottle's for my daughter.
I replaced them twice and each time they have leaked from the screw cap area.
The nipples are natural shaped and my daughter went from the old bottles to these without any hesitation or trouble to the nipple.
The last thing you want is to travel and have your bottle leak, or spill coming out of the cap areas.
But none should leak from the screw cap area, and I was happy these did not leak.
We have used them well over a month now, going on two and love them!feeds your baby with virtually no bubbles and less gas and spit ups.
It has a unique leak-proof bottom vent that controls bubbles and an angled 9-oz.
bottle that promotes semi-upright feeding and deters ear infections.
Natural shape nipple is designed for switching between bottle and breast.
Safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning.
Includes stage 2 fast flow nipples.
Comes in light purple, light blue and light green colors.
Made of hypoallergenic plastic.
Imported.
6.75Hx2.25" dia.
This is the only nipple my new baby likes.
She didn't like the nipples that her older twin brother/sister used.
Making the transition from breast to bottle was fairly simple, as long as I heat the bottle of milk up first!
lol2.
The brushes don't get into the crevices on the bottom so there's that thin layer of dried milk or something that's always there.3.
Easy for me to hold, and for the baby to hold as well.
It seems like I don't have to burp her so often, and she doesn't spit up.5.
They ar BPA Free and today that is a biggie.
Will definately buy again.I love the Ventaire line of baby bottles but these are by far my favorite.
I don't think Ventaire can get any better than these!We used these several years ago with our breatfed son and hated them.
These are a vast improvement over the previous design!
The other advantage is that the bottom silicone ring screws in and fits very well into the bottom ring so it's hard not to get a good seal and create a leak.
I tried these with our daughter who is honestly too old for a bottle just to see what she would say.
She CHUGS.
Not once did she have to stop out of frustration with the flow or to let air in.
With the old design, sometimes you still had to take the bottle from the baby to let the air catch up.
It's wide, so younger babies may have problems holding it on their own initially, but for me, that didn't detract from their overall use or awesomeness.From a breastfed-baby standpoint, these are probably not the best idea because, if you hold the bottle upside down, or tilted at an angle similar to what you would for a feeding, the fluid just drips out.
While the baby has to work a bit to have an active flow, if baby is sleepy, there will be breastmilk/formula dripping whether baby is sucking or not.I like these better than the Dr. Brown's version because there are fewer parts and the nipples seem to be more than moms' in design.
It keeps air from her tummy and ventilates perfectly.
The ventilation system helps keep my baby's acid reflux under control.
You don't have to use a bottle brush if you don't need to.
If you do use a bottle brush (I do sometimes) you don't get sprayed with soap or water as the opening to the bottles are wide enough to prevent the mess.
They came very quickly, well packaged.
I shopped around and every time I do I end up coming back to Amazon.
I thought we'd give these a try since the nipple is wide and short (more similar to the "real thing") and she will now take a bottle!
This set comes with 3 bottles and 3 nipples.
Overall, I'm VERY satisfied with these and would DEFINITELY recommend these bottles to any nipple picky baby!This has a few 'moving parts' but easily assembled and washed.
It does seem to reduce the baby's gas problems.
Be aware the playtex nipples come in slow flow and fast flow.
They interchange with the the nipples on the playtex drop in bag system, too.
The angle of the bottle body actually does help reduce gas and spitups in my baby as claimed by the company.
These bottles are great for storing breastmilk or formula for quick feedings and the nipple shape is "natural" meaning it's more like the shape of a real nipple.
I've found this has helped my baby as we switch between breast and bottle feeding.
Slow flow nipples can be bought as an add-on item here, and I couldn't find slow flow nipples at any of my local stores.
As far as I can see, there aren't medium flow nipples for this bottle.
This is my third baby.When a couple has a baby, it opens up a whole new range of possibilities and choices, the vast majority of them on uncharted territory.
When it comes to feeding the little guy and a bottle is needed, my niece had gas trouble with the original nipple for the bottle.
All three of my kids took to this bottle with no issues and I like that you can take them completely apart for cleaning.
He has GERD and these don't bother him.
Brown's bottles didn't solve the gas issue, but neither did Playtex Vent Aire.
For people who produce little breast milk, losing 2 ounces is like losing large 24 karat gold nuggets in the sink.
I think that I heard the venting taking place ONCE when Playtex Vent Aire was dry.
Since then, even when dry, I rarely hear the venting of air.
All Playtex does is make you vent your frustrations in the product reviews.These bottle were tested out on my 6 mo old grandson.
We have tried both the wide bottles and the smaller kind, and they both work the same.These bottles were a gift at our baby shower.
We all know you aren't supposed to microwave bottles either, so you are left with the only other option, placing the bottle in boiling water to warm.
That works fine except when you tip the bottle up to feed the baby, the boiling hot water that has been trapped in the vent holes drips down your hand/arm, and potentially onto the baby!
USE CAUTIONI bought these bottles for my baby who is a big spitter.
They haven't helped at all, and one of them leaks like crazy all over the place.
I will be calling Playtex to request a refund.These are great baby bottles.
Also, it's a great price compared to other well-known BPA free bottles (some of which were $10 per bottle).The only word that comes to mind to describe this bottle is garbage!
It leaks and is cheaply made.
I'm a nurse and used to working with all types of equipment and I know junk when I see it.
All babies get gas, all babies need to burp.
The bottom line is the basic 99 cent bottle at your local supermarket will do the job!After quite a few issues breastfeeding I went to multiple support group sessions in my county, all the lactation consultants recommended this bottle especially if you have to supplement or have other issues.My daughter at 4 months goes back and forth beautifully (great for a working mom!
I received the neutral kit that included green and yellow bottles that would be appropriate for either a boy or girl.
You get three 9 ounce bottles with fast flow nipples.
I have the newborn Playtex kit and continue to use the slow flow nipples because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down.
The nipples are also supposed to be naturally shaped to aid in breastfeeding, but my baby is exclusively fed pumped milk, so I cannot attest to that ability.The bottles are different because of the Ventaire technology.
The bottom of the bottle twists off and a rubber vent fits inside.
I saw bubbles popping and could hear the air escaping while my baby ate.
Very cool.The bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating.
Cleaning is easy, just twist off the top and bottom and remove the nipples and vents.
I have also used Avent, and they are good, but I do believe the Ventaire technology has made my baby less gassy and less fussy.I primarily breastfeed my kiddos, but I like to keep a few bottles on hand to help when I'm not around.
These have been some of my favorite bottles that I've used with my son.
I like that they are dishwasher safe and the 3 pack is a convenient size.Reviews on baby bottles are wide ranging.
What works for some babies doesn't always work for others.
No spills.
Slow / medium / fast nipples have brought our nine month old along perfectly.
bottom line, I ordered my 3 set of Dr. Browns wide neck shipping next day and I'll be ordering a second set very soon.
Basically this product gives you three 9 ounce bottles for about $12 (current price).
On the other hand, if you just want a few bottles plain and simple, this is definitely the product to buy.
There are too many parts.
These come apart into 6 parts (including the cap)!
The right nipple, the right angle and right delivery all play into the success of the bottle.
I obtained these bottles through the Amazon vine program, and am deciding whether I'll just use these, or if I'll buy the medium-nippled bottles in the medala line, as we've been using those bottles for months 1-6.I'll probably buy the medala ones.
These just don't feel like anything special.
And these fail on both those accounts.My baby needs to transition down the line to using a cup.
I don't see how this curved design will help him do that.
And there's been no benefit in my comfort level in holding them while he drinks, so I don't see that as a benefit.
And they are unnecessarily hard to clean.
The bottoms come off, and if there's a benefit to that (less gas, less fussiness), I haven't located it - these are just harder to clean with no demonstrative benefit.So I'm just going to pack these away for now and buy the 8 ounce medala bottles for his feedings.
It just makes more since to me to continue with a product I already know.I love the Vent-air bottles - tthat has been all we have been using for months now.
I bought 1 of these becasue my son used to use Avents.
The bottle itself is fine.
I can't take off too many stars for my son's personal preference but just because a baby likes one natural nipple doesn't mean he will like another.I love these bottels.
After using glass bottles with a standard nipple for a few weeks, my baby decided that the nipple was to small.
These wide bottles are perfect for him as I am still nursing him while he is not at daycare.
Makes it easy for him to go from bottle to breast with no problems.
The angled bottle makes it easy to feed letting in no air.
I only give 4 stars because they don't sell the the little vent disk that goes in the bottom of the bottle seperatly.
It does come with two extra disks, but might be helpful to also sell extra disks at the store.
Highly recommended!I used these for literally a few days after my son was born.
Then I switched back to the bottles my daughter had used a couple years prior.
I had to switch him to the larger stage and STILL he had problems.
My baby is a super fast eater and I can actually slow him down by twisting the bottle while in his mouth after a few gulps and letting him suck on the empty nipple, then twist back again to give him a little more, repeat the process until he's done.
He has a fit if you take the bottle out of his mouth.
Besides the color I'd recommend this product.
I'm sure if it wasn't for husbands there really would be no need for these.
I can easily look in baby's closet and see how much and what types of clothes I have for each age group.
You often think you have more than enough clothes but then realize you only have snow suits and long sleeve onesies for your 6 month only in July.
(The labels being: Newborn, 3 month, 6 month, etc...up to 24 month.)
So even though there's only 5 tags, you can put a new sticker over top of the old one as baby grows.
The tags are also reversible and can be labeled on each side.A friend recommended I get this and I am really glad she did.
I bought these in yellow because they were cheaper than the others.
They stand out against the hangers and clothes so I can see them.
I am thinking about buying another set because we have a closet organizer and I had to pick which racks I could use them.
Very cute and organized according to size.I wish I had purchased this product before my baby shower!
As soon as my daughter was born, I found myself with a closet full of clothes, and no real way to organize them.
Keeps my daughters closet organized.
Glad I got these with my first baby, because I will definitely be re-using for the next one.
The sizes go up to 2T and beyond!
Great price and great for keeping the closet organized.
It comes with a pack of stickers that continue on in sizes way past the toddler years.
Our 8 month daughter can wear various clothing pieces from "Size 3 Mos" up to "Size 12 mos" depending on the brand/material/etc.
Even when you organize your closet using these spacers, when you eventually do come to that "bigger size" you may find it won't fit your baby because of different brand measurements!My tip would be to correlate these hangers to your baby's age, not the size on the clothing tag.
Very easy to use, divides things nicely, and is a good quality product.I dont know what kind of crazy closet bar we have, I know it is new and was purchased at a hardware store...and these do not fit.
We got a ton of hand me down clothes and have a closet full of clothes ranging from newborn to 2 years old.It is it is.
Nothing special about the dividers, but they do their job.i don't use the stickers on them so that I can reuse as the sizes get larger.Great for organizing clothes for a nursery.
Two stickers are provided for each of several sizes.
A definite must for a nursery!These look great in the closet and do what they do: organize clothing by size.
I love that it pops up on top of the rod so I can see what it says.
I'm disappointed that the stickers that come with it are &#34;3 months&#34; &#34;6 months&#34; etc.
They help me keep the 4 year old from wearing pants 4 inches too long, and the 6 year old from wearing high-waters.
Compatability - Easily slips over the metal hanging rod of our closet, but is made to fit even the higher quality wooden dowel-type closet rods.3.
Functionality - Though set comes with five organizers, stickers are included up unto size 8 for children's clothes.
Quality - Plastic is bendable to get over a clothes dowel, but not to the point of creating weakness in the plastic or breaking.
They are big enough to be noticeable up above the clothes but not too big as to interfere with the shelf above the hanging clothes rack.
It was super easy to see what we had, and as folks asked what we needed, I was able to say &#34;more 6 months clothes&#34;.
I purchased these dividers thinking I was being silly to go to this extent of organization!
I probably never would have noticed otherwise that I was desperately short of newborn sized clothing before it was too late!
They hold up well, even in the dishwasher with hot temperatures.
I've been using them since we started my son on Solids and love them.
Just the right size for littlest mouths.
I wash them in the dishwasher without issues.
We keep them for a year or longer.A great product, well-made and well-priced.
They're titled &#34;take & toss&#34;.
But as to &#34;toss&#34; I find washing and keeping a much more reasonable approach.
They go nicely thru the dishwasher so haven't tossed any yet.
Very easy to hold, colorful, and sturdy.These are a must have, used with both my children.
Now I keep a few extras in the car, diaper bag, etc.
(My other spoons have metal handles.
So far?
Messy but fun.
They are thicker and more durable than I expected and fit great in the diaper bag, yet the handles aren't too short to use them as an everyday spoon.
They go through the dishwasher fine.
I am super impressed with these.Great deal.
So all in all just right .We love these spoons!
The quality is surprisingly great for the price.
However, we do try and wash them for re-use sometimes if possible, and they have held up great!These are great spoons!
They were super affordable and they are a great sized spoon fir my 5mo olds mouth.
These are a huge bargain and i was very impressed!Initially, we had purchased the Munchkin 6-pack Soft Tipped Infant Spoons and loved them.
Once my kiddo got up to three meals a day, we were going through the spoons so fast we were constantly running out.
For the same price as the Munchkin spoons, we got 16 of these!
And with the amount that you get, if you lose one or two, it's no great loss.
If we'd started with these, we'd have been fully stocked from the start!Love these spoons- lots to have and toss in the lunch box for the day.
It is amazing how many spoons you can go through in one day.I bought these spoons for our first family vacation with a 9 month old.
We were gone 5 days which included a 12 hour drive there and back.
These spoons were great!!
The size was perfect, they were sturdy and not flimsy or cheap like an adult disposable spoon.
Don't go with the more expensive spoons.
I bought one set and it's lasted me over 6 months.
My baby girl had no issues with theseWe purchased to have this as a &#34;to go&#34; spoon, and it ended up being a favorite spoon.
Best for ages 6mo-10mo, after that they bite too much and want more substantial spoon.I don't know why they call these &#34;take and toss&#34;, because I bought a pack and I've been using them ever since.
We just wash them in warm, soapy water and use them over and over again.
We love these, and they're a great way to save money!I love these.
You get a lot of spoons for a low price, and they are durable yet don't hurt my baby's teeth when he wants to chew on one, and he also can't chew threw them because they are thick and sturdy.
Perfect size for little bites, and in my opinion perfect for any age of baby.
I love these so much more than those metal spoons with the rubberized ends that occasionally hurt my baby's mouth when he bites in too far or the edge catches his gums.
These spoons are keepers, and I will order more if I end up losing too many :)Nice and shallow, easy to use, plus easy for my daughter to hold.
They are light weight, easy to hold small amounts of pur&eacute;ed food and I love that they are dishwasher safe.
The package claims top rack safe, but I have been able to wash them with the rest of the silverware on the bottom.These spoons are great, I keep a few in a diaper bag, a few at grandmas - etc.
I give one to my son as I feed him.
Its a great set.these hold up in dishwasher and if upside down you can spin it works as fun game when trying to get in last bite, I always have extra spoons on handI bought these since my son has just turned four months old.
I was surprised when some said they used them as disposable baby spoons.
The plastic used to make them is pretty sturdy so I would definitely re-use them.
And since it's a 16-pack they will last me for a long while.
Not to mention it's a great deal :DNeedless to say, I would absolutely recommend this product to any parent.You can't beat the price.
I purchased these to take with me on day/ weekend trips.
They were cheap enough so that I wouldn't be upset if I ever lost one.They are much sturdier than I expected for something considered &#34;toss-able.&#34;  I have washed these in my dishwasher twice already and they are holding up great.
There are no unsightly scratches or discoloring.My pack arrived with blue, green, purple, yellow, orange and PINK spoons.
I have a 3 year old and although it is on the small size for him, it is still large enough for him to get enough food on the spoon and into his mouth.
I would not recommend these spoons for children over the age of 2.The product arrived at my door in 5 days.The fact that these spoons are inexpensive make them perfect for daycare.
The tips are soft and rounded, and gentle on baby's gums.
It is great in my car, and we have had no problems.
Since the car seat is in the middle, there is no head rest to attach it to, and so we have is all rigged up with bungie cords to keep is secure.
My car has a leather interior, and the last thing I wanted to do was poke holes in the leather!
I tried just using the strap, but that is supposed to go around the headrest, and there is no headrest for the center of the backseat, just the right and left sides.
Since the safest place for a baby is in the headrest-less center, the strap was out.
There was also a velcro tape that we could use to stick the mirror onto the seatback.
The negatives there were a) sticky glue residue on the leather and b) when we need to fold down the rear seat for transporting bikes or something equally large, the rear seat would fold precisely right down where the mirror would be, so we'd be constantly removing it and the velcro tape and then reattaching it.
It is wide enough to see the entire car seat and baby, and fits perfectly on the headrest.
We wound up having to put two jumbo baby diaper pins into the headrest and secure the straps that way.
If you have leather interior, this won't be a very appealing option.
I am constantly adjusting this mirror!
This is a hastle because you have to adjust it, then get into the drivers seat and check it and re-adjust if necessary and when you go to look back at the kids and it's not in the right spot it can be frustrating!
However, I have adjusted mine to where I want it (hooked to the top teather) and velcroed it in place... it seems to stay pretty much where I need it now.
I gave it four stars because it does the job (now!
My husband rigged it up on one of the side seat headrests without too much trouble and it works just fine.
It is at a bit of an angle, but who cares as long as I can see my son?
If your car is like mine, be prepared for some fiddling, but it will work.
It's on there very securely and hasn't moved in the three months we've had it.I love being able to glimpse at my son when we are driving around, just to see how/what he is doing.
Especially if it kept me from turning around in my seat every few minutes!When we first purchased and installed this mirror, it was a God-send!
We felt so much better being able to see our son without pulling over or, worse, wrecking the car.
The mirror was easy to install in our Jeep Grand Cherokee and we liked that there were no extra lights, sounds or cartoon characters.NOW...after a few sneezes in the carseat, the mirror was covered with spots.
It is great!
I had a little trouble getting the mirror to attach correctly but once I got it to stay, it is a lifesaver!
I would return it but I already threw away the thing it came in...
It has easy removal for washing.
My toddler son is one and he is a little tall.
Sometimes he grabs on it for stability and then he would fall.
This stove guard is a little flimsy.
Also my son is very strong little guy.
He can yank it and still get to the stove.
So we just keep him in another room when we are cooking.
Perhaps there is a heavier duty tape?
Instead I will just Velcro it on with my heavy duty velcro.
It falls off about 3 times a day.
If I use the oven it falls off within minutes.I have been using this guard for about 3 weeks now, and it does exactly what it is suppose to do.
I was very disappointed.
Thinking of getting more stickies to try it out again.We purchased two because our stove is on the end of our countertop.
We cook on the range a lot, and the one on the front fell off after about a month.
However, the other is still holding strong, so I don't know if it was the heat or if it got pushed/pulled too often.
$20 for this?
Pretty steep.
It sticks out from the oven at a 45 degree angle ALL THE TIME.
It gets hot!
I do recommend this product!
Maybe that's what did it last time (?
)This guard has been fantastic.
After my child started walking I was really nervous they were going to reach up and touch the grate - not now!
Would recommend if you want a little extra security around the stove!This lock installed in ten seconds and sticks in place no problem.
Easy to open and quick to snap right back into the locked position.
Baby can't open the over door at all.
Great purchase, would recommend to anyone with kids.
I couldn't find any information anywhere about whether it would fit the breastflow bottles, so I went ahead and ordered this.
Not even close.These converters worked perfectly with my Medela Swing Breast Pump and my Medela Pump in Style.
So much more convenient to pump directly into normal 4/9oz bottles!Now I can pump right into my bottles with my Medela pump.
You do need the adapter rings that come with the bottles though.
Wish I would have realized that the first time because I leaked.
But with the rings, they work perfectly.One thing to point out in particular, you get two sets.
Although, I did listen to other reviews and I do use the blue sealing disk when using the avent bottles that require them.
The plastic is heavy duty and prevent from having to purchase the bottles that go with your machine specifically which can be expensive.
They have saved me a lot if time too.
Previously, I would pump into medela bottles, then pour into avent to feed.
Now I have one less bottle to wash every time I pump.
Huge Timesaver.
Sadly, while this kit DOES in fact work on one end with the Medela pumping parts, it does NOT work on the other end with my Born Free glass bottles.
It also cuts down on the wasted breast milk since I pump right into what she feeds from.
I use this with the Medela Pump In Style Advance.
The old conversion set only came with one of each since ring.
This has two for the bottles and two for the Via nursers.
Love it!I use these with my Medela pump.
We love Avent bottles.
I didn't want to buy Medela nipples and rings.
Now I pump right into bottle and don't use bags.
i definitely recommend getting some extraPhilips AVENT Adaptor Bottle Rings(to prevents leaks) - they're small and easy to lose.I bought these so that I can attach my Avent bottles directly to my Medela breast pump.
It connects perfectly and makes it easy for me to pump direct into the bottle rather than having to transfer the milk from container to container and risk contaminating it.
I also like that it came with adaptors for the Avent Via breastmilk storage containers as I use those as well.It is great for pumping  with my medela pump, but I lost a lot of breast milk by capping it and transporting.
Just don't transport with it attached.it does the job that i wanted it to do...which is to fit a medela pump and pump directly into an avent bottle.
i finally figured out that you need to use the inner rubber ring with the converter.
I am going to clear out all of my "normal" bottles and only have the avent bottles in the house.
This is going to clear up so much space.Glad I got this, made it possible to pump directly into my Avent bottles rather than the smaller ones that came with the pump.I didn't use these for long, as I switched from Avent to Tommee Tippee due to baby having problems with fussiness due to gas.
The products work as described with no leaking and attach easily to my Medela pump.
I have been using one of the two types of conversion cap for my Medela pump and Avent glass bottle and it fits well.
I am knocking off 2 stars because milk leaks out if the bottle is tipped.
These seal well.
Save time and trouble!This conversion kit allows me to pump into the large 9 oz Avent bottles, which is very helpful as the Medela bottles only allow up to 6 oz.I used these to pump into Avent bottles with my Medela pump.
I use the &#34;smaller&#34; sized adapter.
I haven't had any issues with leaking.
Of course the breast pump and bottle industry can't make it easy for everything to work together.
These adapters fit great onto the pump and the Philips bottles.
So all of our avent bottles got packed up and put away for the next kiddo... hopefully we will be able to use this kit then!Wow!
I am an exclusive pumper so my breast pump and I have become best friends since the birth of my son.
I used to pump into the Medela bottles that came with my pump then dump into my Avent bottles.
However my son takes 6 oz bottles and sometimes each one of my breasts will produce up to 10 oz.
So before these converters I had to stop pumping, dump out, blah blah blah it took forever and I always spilled at least a little bit and it interrupted my flow of milk.
Now that I can pump directly into the bottles I am getting significantly more milk in less time.
Also I have a ton less dishes to was and store since I have eliminated the Medela storage bottles.
These are a must buy!I only use the smaller adapters that come in this set.
So I don't think it's necesary to send both.
We should be able to buy just the ones we need.Also, when I first started using these, the milk would flow out between the adapter and the bottle, since it has threads that don't go all the way around, causing it to leak down the side of the bottle.
But I did figure out how to keep it from happening, and haven't had any problems since.
The key is to aim the valve on the inside properly.
I use medela parts, so for my equipment I'm referring the little yellow valve piece with the white silicone flapper...
I aim the white flapper so that it lines up and directly faces one of the four sets of threads.
If the flapper is aimed anywhere in between those threads, then it can get up inbetween and escape out.
One size did work with the Natural Flow bottles.Okay, so you're probably wondering why I'm so excited about a simple product like this, huh?
The answer is simple - this is a great, almost mandatory, accessory for breast pumping.
Our children are and have always been fed with exclusively breast milk.
During those feedings when my wife can't feed them directly, she pumps and we feed them refrigerated (or frozen) milk.
Using these adapters, she can pump right into the bottles that we use for feeding - saving transfer steps in many cases, and the size of the container can grow with our kids.
We think these are great - and would be a great value at several times the price!if you use avent bottles, this is soooo convenient :) I highly recommend this product, I can pump directly to my PES bottles.Honestly, I love my AVENT bottles, however I DID NOT LOVE MY AVENT PUMP!
I rented the Medela hospital pump and these worked perfectly.
I only used these with the hospital pump so I don't know how well they work with other brands.
These are also dishwasher safe, which I completely appreciate.
When I bought these, it came with four (4) &#34;rings&#34; - 2 for regular AVENT bottles and 2 (I think) for the wide, breast milk storage bottles.
I would completely recommend these if you plan on using AVENT bottles without the AVENT pump.I use it with a set of Avent storage bottles (many nipple fit on them) and my rented Medela Symphony pump.
There are 2 plastic convertors in the kit but I only use 2.
No leaks, easy to clean, works just like the description claimed.The box specifically states the brands of pumps it supposedly fits, but I could not get the threading to fit on my Lansinoh pump.I purchased these so that I could pump directly from a Medea pump to my avent bottles and it works perfectly.I am currently using the adapters to connect my Medela Symphony Kit to my Avent bottles.Cons:1.
The adapters leak where it screws into the bottle.
It is very annoying to pump and still leak milk all over your clothes.Pros:1.
It can be used with Medela kits.These fit both my Medela & Spectra Dew pumps.
I put the bottle caps on that come with the bottles & tops that fit the storage containers on as soon as I'm done pumping.
If my milk is nearing the top of the bottle/container while pumping, I switch out bottles.
I pump with a hands-free bra on the way to/from work.
I feed my daughter with Avent bottles and these have allowed me to pump directly into a 9oz bottle for feedings.
And I have used them successfully.
But, I've gotten pretty tired of washing all my pump parts by hand nightly, that these have just added a bit more work to the nightly washing routine.
Also, I end up pumping more than the 5 ounces that my Avent bottles hold, so I end up having to transfer the milk and pouring into another container anyway, so it kind of defeated the purpose for me.
Now I can pump from my pump right into my avent bottles!
All you have to do is take your Avent bottle, place the blue ring as you normally would, screw this conversion cap onto the bottle, then screw in your Medela attachment on top of the conversion cap and pump right into your Avent bottle.
No more pumping into the smaller Medela bottles, then transfering your breastmilk into an Avent bottle.
No more washing extra bottles either!
Now you can literally pump into it and either feed your child or cap it and store it right in the fridge.
As long as you use the blue ring, there will be NO LEAKS.
I've been using it for almost 4 months now, I sterilize it regularly and it shows no signs of warping, cracks, or yellowing.Once again, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the purchase of this conversion kit for Medela moms and Avent bottle babies.
It's a time saver and well worth every penny.
Tell your other mommy friends about this kit too, because there are a ton of moms who would find this attachment quite useful.These converters work well with the Avent standard 4oz bottles that I was given.
I use an avent pump and bottle system but since my husband got a free medela pump from his work, I now needed something to adapt to my avent bottles and cups.
These work perfectly, I have never had any issues with leaks or spills.They work like they're supposed to, though they add a little bulk to the whole process.They are easy to clean and they make most of my bottles and pumps compatible with each other now.i was looking for something that can let me use my medela pump and pump right into my avent bottles, and found this adaptor to use.
i usually pump and feed right away so this saves me using the medela pump bottles and then pouring into another avent bottle.
There are no instructions that come with the set.
Although I guess common sense should have told me to use the ring with the system, I didn't.
The first time I pumped the bottle leaked on me.
So I learned... use the ring!
The drop-in liner bottles I have were given to me by someone who bought them ten years ago.
These are the drop in bottles that came before the Avent Tempo Drop in bottles.
But with the original Avent Naturally drop in bottles, I can insert any brand storage bag with the zipper below the screw in part, attach the pump connector to secure the bag, and pump directly into a storage bag.
How many conversion connectors came with this set?This package comes with four connectors, 2 for the regular Avent bottles and 2 to fit the VIA storage system.2.
Which pumps does the conversion kit work with?
(these are the pumps as listed on the box)Medela pumpsEvenflo Comfort SelectAmeda Purely YoursLansinoh Double ElectricPlaytex EmbraceDr.
Brown's Natural Flow Electric/ManualUPDATE: 01 April 2012I have been using the adapters for a couple weeks now and have had no leaks when using the ring.
In the mornings I will pump directly into the avent bottles withPhilips AVENT BPA-Free Classic Bottle Sealing Discsin place to store in the fridge.
i'm taking mine out of the car today.
They advised us the us to use shelf liner.
I instead purchased the Prince Lionheart undermat that has the same sort of soft tacky feel as the recommened shelf liner.
It works the same and is more attractive.I think this is a waste of money.
Not very useful.
It does protect my leather and have an organizer but I have an SUV and it runs tight and small.I have three children so when I saw this product when we had our last child I bought it.
We do have a SUV w/cloth seats but still had trouble with the base moving.
Now the seat stays still and the handy storage is great for extra diapers in case you run out in your diaper bag!
I think we could have lubed the seat with WD40 and it wouldn't have slid around.
These are unecessary and really a pain.We had our car seat checked at the local police station, and the safety officer recommended that we not use anything under our car seat.
It has worked perfectly since the moment I started using it.
My husband has done this a few times and has had to put the bottle in the fridge or freezer for a few mins to cool the water down before adding the formula.
I am considering purchasing another one so we can have one in our room (instead of getting up and going to the kitchen for late night feedings) and one in the kitchen for daytime feedings.My husband and I use this product daily.
I had to pump for most of the time I nursed and we had to warm bottles for each feeding.
The water measurer isn't the greatest, it's hard to fill without going over the MAX line or spilling out.
So I just measured about how many tablespoons of water we needed and kept a glass of water next to the machine.
Just scoop out what you need, turn on the machine, and get your baby to stop screaming for food that much quicker.
We've had the product for 7 months and it's still working great.
You have to figure out on your own how much water to use, and then, you can do the exact same thing twice and one time will still be ice cold and the other time burning hot.
Ours stopped heating consistently after two months of use.
It gets a brown build-up in the bottom, and you can not fit your hand in there to clean it out.
We are switching to Munchkin brand bottle warmer now that this one has quit working.I requested and received this bottle warmer as a baby shower gift.
Pros: It is simple to use and you can operate it with one hand.
If you want to heat up a bottle for three minutes, you just fill up the water tube to the 3 minute line and pour it in the warmer.
The warmer will shut off automatically after 3 minutes.
Heats bottles quickly.
Getting the bottles warmed to the right temp is a guessing game and seems to change each time.
This is much more water-conserving than heating water in the microwave and then putting the bottle in it - the warmer only uses a few teaspoons.
It either under or overheats about half the time.
But it is convenient and compact and it does do it's job even on the wideneck bottles.
Wish it came with a travel pouch/carry handle b/c I take it with me for overnight travelingAs a first time mother, I thought this would be a great purchase.
It takes way too long to heat up, it would be just as fast holding the bottle under hot water.
Don't waste your money on this!We heat up both breast milk and formula in this thing.
We heat it up in plastic bottles, and in glass bottles.
It works like a charm.
One thing to know is that it almost always takes the &#34;max&#34; amount to heat up a bottle adequately, but note our son likes his bottle on the warmer side.
For the money it's great.Takes too long to warm bottles which were on the fridge.
Especially once you consider the price.
It gets the bottle warmer faster than more other warmers.
I must say I am pleasantly surprised!1-It is compact, which takes up a lot less counter space than the other bottle warmers.
During the day we use the bottle in the kitchen and at night we take it upstairs to our bathroom for easy feedings.2-The price!
It is half the price of the Avent warmer and has an auto shut-off mode.3-Auto Shut-off!
We use tap water with our warmer and no problem...but we do clean it out every day--quick wipe.
I haven't seeen any residue from using tap water.
Also, I've accidentally spilled milk in the warmer and it was a breeze to clean.I would have given this warmer 5 stars except it can be hit or miss with the amount of water you have to add in order to warm the contents.
It beats standing in front of a running faucet or boiling water just to warm some milk.This bottle warmer is easy to use and works quickly.
It's very portable, easy to use, and works fast.
We keep it in the car, which has an outlet in the center console, for when we are out and about and its feeding time.I was definitely skeptical after reading the mixed reviews for this product but I decided to try it anyway.
It is hard to get the amount of water just right but I really like it anyway.
It heats quickly, is small enough to be portable, and is inexpensive.
Price2.
Heats in minutesNegatives:1.
And u don't have to deal w/ plugging it in.We were disappointed with this bottle warmer for our twin boys.
At 3AM, this is just too much trouble.
Also, it lacks a countdown timer, a memory for how long you needed the warmer the last time, and doesn't have a water reservoir.
you need to try the tem before give it to baby anyway.This warmer is small enough to go back and forth with my daughter to her sitter's every day in her diaper bag.
Some claimed that water would get trapped and were hard to clean.
This one is pretty easy and straight forward.
It will simply warm up any water that's in the compartment.
With that said, if you pour too much or too little water in, that will alter the results.
The only downside for me is that it won't let you warm glass baby bottles.
I think it's a great product for the price and simplicity.We've been using this bottle warmer for 3 mo's.
Mommy pumps milk, refrigerates it and then we heat it when it's time to feed.
We love this warmer!
It takes up very little counter space and heats consistently time after time.
When the milk is ready it shuts off automatically so we can multi-task.
It looks like rust, but it wipes right out.
You're probably thinking, &#34;do I really need this thing?&#34; - maybe not, you're blessed by nature to have food producers attached to your upper torso.
You're at work (or gone somewhere) and your husband is at home taking care of little Jessica all alone.
Jessica gets hungry, and starts to fuss a little.
For you, normally you'd probably think &#34;No big deal, I'll just whip out my food bringers.&#34; Not so easy for dad though, is it?
Nope.
So I have to hold her.
Now I have exactly one free hand to fix her milk.
What are my options:(A) I could use a stove.
Sure, it works.
Not just the stove, but boiling water to try and heat the milk?
Do you trust me that much?
Nope.
I know you don't.
Don't lie.
(B) This thing.
I get the bottle of milk out of the fridge, pop a couple ounces of water into the BabyPro, set the bottle in, click a button, and wait for about 30 seconds to test.
Still a little cold?
No biggie, just repeat.
All in all, my bottle is ready in 60-90 seconds - all done with the power of one hand.
I don't know.My daughter would want her bottles on demand.
I purchased this in hopes that this will save me time and it did.
I would keep the water vial filled with water so when a bottle needed to be heated I can just pour the water and heat.
If you breastfeed, and are using pumped or express milk, this is a must have.
The steam heats it perfectly every time!
The measurements for heating are accurate.
I only wish it had a buzzer or beeping noise of some sort once it was done warming the bottle.Totally worth the cost, it's very cheap and effective, you don't need all the other fancier ones.
I warm up eight ounces at a time and use the max water- perfectly warm each time.This is a fast and convenient way to heat bottles.
I have twins and can't wait the recommended 10minutes between bottles for it to cool down so I don't.
I don't have any problems with it.
Change the baby's diaper, feed her, put her back down and she's out.Is the warmer perfectly consistent?
No.
But is any method consistent?
Only if you use a crock pot with a temperature nob.
Who has room for that?
Plus that can't be safe and you'd have to clean it.Is it capable of overheating?
Absolutely.
Same goes for boiling water, microwaving water, or for those of you who live on the wild side - microwaving the bottle.Do the vial measuring lines suck?
Yes.
See the first step in my directions and this con won't matter.Do you have to stick around?
Yes.
I want to feed this baby fast.
Yes... and I can't defend this feature, it's dumb.
That's why I fill the vial to the max and work backwards.
Any remaining water just burns away.
Again, I only gave this 5 stars because of its speed.
When something is invented that can heat a bottle to a specific temperature just a fast, I will switch.After reading everyone else's reviews, I was nervous to try this product.
Once I received it (I got 2, one for upstairs and one for downstairs), I read the very short and easy directions, and voila!
Perfect warmth on first use.
These factors will tell you how much water to pour in the heater using a measuring vial that it comes with.
If you leave it in there after its done it will keep heating and get too hot, just like when you're cooking on the stove and turn off the burner and your food keeps cooking.
I'm planning on using a syringe so that I can have a fail safe, thoughtless, easy way to get the right amount of water in the heater.
Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars.We've tried tons of bottle warmers and they all seem to fall short.We tried this one and our main issues with it is bottle heat is inconsistent.
This isn't good for warming breast milk.Also it's slow to heat and the heating plate develops some nasty gunk after awhile.If you are in the market place for bottle warmer, i would pass on this, especially for warming breast milk.I got this warmer as a shower gift.
It has drawbacks, though.
I took us 6 minutes to heat up a bottle that we had in the fridge.
It also developed some brown crusty looking stuff in the bottom of it, and all the numbers rubbed off the measuring tube.
For some reason, the unit wouldn't turn off and we had to unplug it every time we used the warmer.
When I used this I stood beside it and tested the temperature of the formula about every 3 minutes or so.
!I was so excited to purchase this for such a low price.
As you know, this is the reason you don't use the microwave.
So I ended up sticking the milk in a cup of hot water from the sink and waiting 10 minutes instead.The next time I tried to use this, I tried recently expressed milk from the refrigerator.
I thought surely it would be better this time since it was not frozen.No such luck.
It made the milk WAY too hot, and on top of that the unit was oozing some kind of bronze colored metallic substance.
EW.
I don't know what happened, since I followed instructions clearly.This was the biggest waste of money.
I recommend filling a mug with water, microwaving for 2 or 3 minutes and then placing the milk container in the hot water.
This way, milk is warm fairly quickly, there are no hot spots, no breastmilk nutrients are lost, and most importantly--it's FREE!
:)I didn't plan on having to pump breast milk, my daughter was of course going to latch with no problems (oh how we plan).
I usually have to warm it twice or use more water than recommended.
It seems to do the job plus is reasonably priced.I bought this in hopes that I could avoid standing over a pot of boiling water in the middle of the night to heat my newborn's bottle.
She is impatient when it comes to waiting so I thought this little unit would do the trick.
NO SUCH LUCK.
It claims to heat up the bottle in 4 minutes but the milk is unevenly heated, the top of the bottle is cold and the base is scalding.
The milk then needs to be shaken to even out the temperature...a real time sucker when you're in a hurry to feed a wailing baby.
I tried to vary the amount of water I poured into the heating base but this didn't help.
She keeps a supply of breast milk in the fridge.
Of course, I must warm up the milk and we purchased "The First Years Quick Serve Bottle Warmer" for that purpose.
First of all, the cap holder broke off the little measuring vile almost right from the start.
There's no way to fix it.
Oh well, fixing it isn't essential, but it gives me the feeling that this bottle warmer might be a cheap piece of junk.
Secondly, the bottle warmer heats the milk too hot if the instructions are followed precisely.
Experimenting a bit, I have found that if four ounces of milk are to be heated to the desired temperature in the bottle, then the little measuring vile for water (added to the warmer) should be filled only to three.
Go figure.
Using it is fairly quick and easy.
Hopefully it will last as long as needed.Gary PetersonIt gets the bottle warm quickly...what else do I want in a bottle warmer?
I don't even use the water measurement as it doesn't warm correctly.
I know just dump the max water amount in (sometimes more.....)and test it throughout the warming cycle.
A full bottle I don't even need to test.
I think maybe the breast milk is leaking out as it warms and is caramelizing in the warmer.
It's easy to clean though.I did not have one of these for my first son.
It's simple and to the point.
This warmer is easy to use and warms up the bottles pretty quickly for that crying baby who can't wait for that milk.
It is very compact which makes it great for travel.
Maybe it is just the kind of water we have here.
Good recommendation...put it on your registry!
If you are formula-feeding, just use the microwave.
Really.
It takes so much less time, and all you have to do is shake the bottle really well to eliminate hotspots.This bottle warmer never heated bottles evenly.
Sometimes they would be scalding hot, sometimes ice cold (and then you have to wait until it's completely cooled down before it will allow you to heat it again!).
Not only that, but it always took a minimum of 5 minutes to heat the bottle.
Meanwhile, my baby is screaming because he's hungry and wants that bottle!!
The microwave only takes 30 seconds and it's the same temperature EVERY time.If you're heating expressed breastmilk I can see why someone would need a bottle warmer.Otherwise, what is the point?
Like others have mentioned, it takes an incredibly long time to warm a bottle in a pan of hot water when you have a crying baby who wants to eat immediately ~ so, this little product is great since it only takes a few minutes to warm up a bottle.There is definitely a bit of a learning curve to this product so that you get the temperature you want every time.
The warmer does come with a guide of how much water to use to create the steam heat and I've used this as a starting point.
Follow the easy directions and you have the right temp.
food,formula,etc.
Got this as a gift and use it frequently.
Love the jar lift also.
Love it.
I use filtered water since it will gunk up quickly inside using tap water.
I also have to keep a close eye on the bottle because it will go from slightly warm to hot very quickly.I've got twins, so the routine is to throw one bottle on the warmer, change the first, prop the first, throw second bottle on the warmer, change the second, prop the second, burp the first, and so on.Few tips...1.
Keep your fingers away from the steam!2.
The second bottle will heat up with a bit less water than the first.3.
The bottle width will change how much water is required.
I'll plug it in and nothing happens.
I already threw away the box, so i'm hoping Amazon will still let me return it!
It heats up 4 oz of refrigerated breast milk within a couple of minutes.
It's small enough to stick in a diaper bag if you're going out, too, and since the water vial has a cap, you can pre-fill it.
After experimenting, I learned that I had to fill it about a half inch ABOVE the highest number marking (10) in order for the milk to be about as warm as it is from the breast.
*UPDATE* I now use this with the 8-oz size Dr. Brown's bottles (heating with inner parts removed), with 6 oz of milk, and they seem to heat up with less water.
Keep this in mind when experimenting with water amounts.
Just a theory.I don't use a whole bunch of bottles since I nurse, but occasionally I thaw out some breast milk for when my daughter and I are going to be out in very public places for a long period of time.
This works great.
I just put the milk in the warmer and in about four minutes it is done.
Since I am using this for when I am out it isn't a big deal that it takes awhile, especially because you have to wait for the warmer to cool all the way down before you can use it again.
However, when I use it to heat milk from the frig so my husband can feed her, it works great.
I wouldn't suggest walking away from it because sometimes it gets too hot when the whole four minutes is given to heat.
Hard to use, and the instruction manuals suggested water amounts are way off base, in my experience.
Wife and I got so frustrated with the warmer's inconsistent results that we've gone back to the old fashioned warming method - setting the bottle in a cup of warm water.
You do have to keep pulling the bottle out and periodically checking the temperature as it's warming and there are going to be times when it gets way too hot...
But once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature AND it's definately a bargain!
This would be a great shower gift!For the $15(ish) price, I'd say that this bottle warmer works well.
I would purchase this product again, however, if your baby needs a warm bottle I'd say you probably need a better/more expensive machine.This is an pretty good bottle warmer.
Great quality and price.
Every time myself or my wife tried to warm a bottle in this thing, it either came out too hot or too cold.
Having to constantly check the bottle became too much of a hassle and we simply quit using this warmer.
We either had to re-heat the bottle or let it cool down before giving it too the baby.To make things short, I'll say this:  Use the stove or microwave.
Once you get your child into a reasonably predictable routine, you can warm bottles at a reasonable time and easily without having to waste time and money on the First Years Quick Serve Bottle Warmer.Bought this as a second warmer to keep at grandmas house to make life easier... Was hesitant because of how cheap it was but was so glad I got it!!
Would be a pain to fill the little tube with water everytime if it were the primary warmer at home but as a secondary it's wonderful.
Is great for all bottles and use for food and have steamed passies in it when they fall and I don't have a back up with me!I love this bottle warmer!
The insrtruction is a little bit off, but all you have to do is to experiment, and once you've found the right amount of water you need to put in there, just stick with it.
It works great for me, and warms the bottles very fast.This bottle warmer has been a big timesaver.
I can put a bottle in, change my baby's diaper, and come back to a warm bottle.
Once that is figured out, the warmer is so easy to use.
I also find that cleaning it out every few weeks and letting vinegar sit in it for a little while, will keep it consistant.
(I use Avent bottles and they fit great)I am currently breast-feeding, but pump a bottle for my husband to use to feed our daughter at night.
For example, use the marking of 7 ml of water on the included measuring tool for 3-4 oz of milk or formula.
The measuring tool attaches to the side of the warmer so that it is always handy.All you do is measure the water and pour it into the warmer, then add the bottle.
I like that you have a light that goes off when it's done.
You can also hear when the last of the water evaporates (a small hiss).I've used Dr. Brown's bottles - both the 4oz and 8 oz size - and it works great.I have waited 9 months to write this review based on my purpose of warming up breastmilk.
First thing first, this bottle warmer is available at Walmart for $15.
I saw the price on Amazon going from $15-$35.
So just beware and don't get rips off.We have been using this warmer to warm up frozen breastmilk for 9 months and had no issue at all.
Other than the deposits in the heat plate even though we been using distilled water the entire time.We know this warmer wasn't designed for frozen breastmilk but formila in room tempreture.
Also due to the bottle storage we use (no bags), we wanted to give this bottle a try.
In order to get it to work, we have to experiment and find out the best amount of water measurement to pour into the steamer.The milk bottle we use are the medela plastic one (ok with high heat), we stay away from glass bottle because they get over heated easy and very hard to control the tempreture.
Now every bottle of breastmilk we have has different volume of milk but in avg we have about 120ml to 150ml, I take out the bottle from the freezer, turn the cap half open (enough for it to breath but not losen).
If I'm heating up 150ml- 200ml, I just steam it again with 1/5 to 1/4 water filled in the tube.
Highly recommanded!This is one of the cheaper bottle warmers out there and it performs perfectly.
All you do is pour a little bit of water in and press the lever.
The lever is green while warming, and turns to red when it's done.
There is also auto-shutoff for extra safety.
It only needs a minute or two to make milk from the fridge warm enough for baby.
It can do frozen milk too, but it will take few minutes longer.
My brother uses this to warm his son's baby food and it works perfectly for that also.After using this one I see no reason to buy one of the more expensive models you may find in a baby store.i dont like that if you stop it mid cycle when you come back to warm another bottle it starts halfway through the cycle.
it warms by steam.
there is a hotplate at the bottom then you pour water into the chamber and the steam that is created warms the bottle.
I always have to add more water than they recommend.
When my son was old enough to eat jar food, the warmer has a special adapter to warm them up as well.All in all, I would recommend it, but just realize that you will have to come up with your own water measurements to add.Just put some water in and give it 3-4 mins and your bottles are warm.
returned it.
I realized I didn't have a bottle warmer yet and I needed something fast and efficient because having to babysit a bottle on the stove with a screaming baby was getting OLD.
You just put the amount of water you need for your bottle, the less ounces in the bottle the less water the less water you'll need, and the more ounces in the bottle the more water you'll need.
is at the "7" mark.
You just have to plug it in, put the water into the bottle warmer and press the button.
It takes 2 minutes from the time you press the button until the light shuts off then leave it there for about 30 seconds and your baby's bottle is ready.
I still test the bottle on my wrist every time and it's remained consistent from the get go.
Get a great bottle warmer without breaking the bank.
It's convenient to travel with and small and compact to leave on the counter all the time.
I would recommend getting this as a baby gift or putting it on a registry.
Why pay $80+ on a bottle warmer when this gets the job done for a very reasonable price?
It typically needs more water then indicated.
Trial and error.This warmer worked well for a few months.
The switch stopped working and the warmer would turn on as soon as it was plugged in.
I still use it, I just don't walk away from it because I know it won't turn off on its own as it should.2 weeks of use.
It doesn't shut off so it overheats and smells like burnt plastic.
It accommodates every size bottle I've tried so far (Gerber, Playtex Drop-ins and Dr. Brown).
I didn't completely read all of the directions and didn't realize I had to let the machine completely cool down before you can heat it again...I thought it was broken!
It warms the milk well but I keep a cloth next to it to dry the bottle off before using and also cool the plastic on the bottle before using.This is a nice gadget to have because it is good at getting the job done quickly, however, you have to be careful.There are more times that I overheat the bottle than get the temperature just right.
And at this price, I was able to buy a warmer for both grandparents' houses.I was lucky to have a baby who did not need a bottle that was perfectly warm, but using this warmer was a waste of time.
I packed it away after only using it a few times because it rarely warmed the bottle enough.
If I added a little more water than the directions suggested, it was way too hot.
I stick my daughter's bottle in a mug of hot water and it warms up much more quickly and does not take up counter space.Way much better than munchkin brand.
No hot spots at all.
I should have bought this a long time ago.I have twins and it takes longer to warm in this than the sink and you have to wait ten minutes between each bottle.I am one of those moms who has a "lazy nurser".
Therefore, we are stuck with frequent breastfeedings followed by supplemental bottle feedings.My husband and I had purchased this bottle warmer planning to use it after I returned to work to heat up breastmilk bottles.
I have to tell you, this warmer is terrific!
It works equally well with breastmilk and formula.
She sucks it right down!
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen (not to be totally vain, but it WOULD be nice if it came in black or ecru for better matching capabilities).I liked it so much that I sent one to my husband's expectant cousin.
We also like the fact that it can be operated with one hand (while carrying the baby in the other hand)- very useful.
Good product!Works well and as expectedWe have the First Years Day and Night Bottle Warmer (with the cooler on the back) for use upstairs, and loved it so much that I decided to order what I assumed to be the same item without the cooler for the kitchen counter downstairs.
We used it less than ten times, and the entire thing totally crapped out.
Back to Amazon it goes!This product is small and compact yet very helpful for those middle of the night feedings when you are exhausted and you need the hubby to warm up a bottle to feed the baby!
Obviously useful for other reasons but that's why we bought it!
So it took a few tries to get used to the amount of water you have to put in, but obviously the more water the more steam and the warmer the milk came out.
It comes with a little measuring device.This bottle warmer works and it works fast!
It will take longer to heat a bottle from the fridge, rather than one made with room temperature water.
I suggest you use this the first few times BEFORE your baby becomes hungry so you can get to know how it works without getting flustered by a crying baby.
For me, I fill the line to "6" and that heats my 4oz of milk perfectly.
Leave the bottle on for longer after the light goes off and the milk will continue to heat.
Using this thing was the same as just heating a bottle up in a pot!
I would have to put her bottles in, stand there and check every minute or so.
We had to pour at least three tubes worth of water in there to get her 5 ounce bottle warm.
I ordered the Dr. Browns bottle warmer and am in love!
It is also useful for travel, and can be set up easily in a hotel room.
I would definitely suggest it to friends and family, and I actually have done so!As a new mom who is currently still in school and not bringing in a lot of money, I was looking for an affordable bottle warmer and I came across this one.
This warmer is so fast!
It's ready in less than 4 minutes (we allow for it to cool a bit before taking it out).
Once you figure out how much water you need to fill for your type of bottle/milk, it works like a charm!
I've placed a bottle in this warmer only to find it's half cold.
Adding more water continues the heating process, but now the milk can reach a dangerously high temperature.
Many times I've had to add a little cold milk, to make the bottle safe to use.
I initially liked this product, but am ditching it because of its unreliability.The water vial that is attached to this unit just sits ever so gently on the side meaning IT FALLS OFF CONSTANTLY.
It was so annoying I returned it.
Not to mention that half-full Avent bottles float so you have to hold it in the cup/bowl of water the entire time.
This product warms up bottles in minutes and it is so easy to use.
It has a little thing on that side that slides off so you can add the water to that and dump it in.
(You can use more or less water depending on the size of the bottle and the amount of &quot;warming&quot; needed with very little effort.)
SO FAR THEY WORK REALLY GREAT AT HEATING THE BOTTLES TO THE RIGHT TEMPERATURE.
THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THE NUMBERS RUBBED OFF THE WATER VILES AND WE HAD TO PUT THEM ON WITH A PERMANENT MARKER.It may be my son only but he doesn't care if his bottles are cold or warm and I use water that is in gallon containers which sit on the counter so his bottles are generally at room temperature anyway.
All in all, this was a pointless purchase on my part; but the return of the item was easy cheesy!We are using Medela bottles with Haberman nipples and using the directions provided it works great without any issues.
Only had it for a couple weeks so don't know quality and I will write another review if it fails.It's 2am, your baby is crying.
You are in the washroom sleepily fumbling to get a bottle together as quickly as possible... accidentally pour too much water into the warmer.
It takes what feels like an eternity to warm up, then overheats the milk.
Start the process over, give up and get your child used to room temperature feedings and all is right in the world.
works great, small, easy to use very practical!
For the price it's great!
Work with my glass and plastic bottles...This warmer is a life saver!
It gets the job done quickly and with very little effort and time.
It is also safe for Playtex liners and it will warm more than just milk.
It takes longer and more water for thicker bottles and less for thinner, etc etc.
But if you use the same kind of bottles each time and the same amount then you can get it to where you know about how much water you'll need to heat it up.
But it's fast and convenient.
Best there is for the price.This product is poorly constructed, requires patience and you don't have that with a baby crying.
It doesn't heat to a temperature the baby would like, so you end up having to cool the bottle afterwards.
Also I have to manipulate the On switch for far too long but I actually get it to turn on.
After awhile I just gave up and stopped using it.We bought this warmer to heat up bottles for our new baby, and so far we've only used it for that purpose.
It's okay for $15.
We use it several times a day so it is at least worth that.
It's a really cheap, crappy looking design, but I guess you get what you pay for.Pros:- Does the job most of the time.
Formula ends up lukewarm.
We use this to heat up 4 oz.
It does turn itself off after the heat cycle is done, though.- Could be a fire hazard, saw a spark under the unit the first week I had it.
Not too impressed, I'm sure there are better models out there but this one does the job for now.UPDATE: Updating to say this bottle warmer only lasted baby's first 3 months.
Since it's rusted so badly we can't use it for our upcoming baby.
I try to set it so that I can turn it on, go change the baby then it would be ready.
This method works occasionally but I get inconsistent results.
Whenever the light turns off, the milk is still cold and I have to let it sit for another few minutes to finish warming.
If I wait too long it's too hot, so I have to stand there and wait for it.
Very disappointed.This is a very simple product to use and works well with almost every bottle on the market.
I use it with born free bottles which are pretty wide and my sister uses it with Avent brand bottles.
This warmer works perfectly well with both brands.
I have also purchased this and given it away as presents to friends.
Every one I have given it to; have loved it as much as I have.
Warm formula always hits baby's spot and helps with gas and spit up problems.
I have found it worked well for my refrigerated breast milk and my transition to formula so I can recommend it to both breastfeeding moms and moms who choose to feed with formula (both powdered and premixed canned).
Can't imagine bottle feeding without it.
I can even put the milk bag directly to reheat.
The measuring tube tells you how much water to put into the warmer for the amount of liquid you want to warm.
I've used this for baby food jars and it works perfectly too.
There's a full on stroller shopping guide, baby carrier guide, and what to expect after the hospital delivery in terms of recovery (which no one seems to talk about!
).Like the other reviewers have said - the warming time and amount of water it takes to warm the bottle vary from use to use.However, it's small, easy to clean and shuts itself off so there's no fear of starting a fire, or having a child touch it and get burned.I love this warmer because it's so easy to use.
Who wants complications at 4am?
The milk has come out too hot only one time.
Simple to fix-just add less water next time.
It fits all the bottles I have, is fast, and it doesn't take up much counter space.We love this little warmer.
Works well and takes up a tiny bit if counter space.
Takes a few tries to get the hang of though: sometimes a little too cold and sometimes a little too hot.
Major bummer: if you find that the bottle is too cold, you have to wait a while to be able to use this thing again.
I don't know if it's a safety measure or what, but you can't press the button again right away.
When you have a hungry baby, that kind of stinks.When I first bought this, over a year ago, I was hesitant about the price - it being so low compared to other brands.
Rest assured, this is all you will need!
My finicky baby had to have his warm Alimentum.
This is also helpful for warming up baby food jars (Comes with a special attachment just for that purpose) The warmer was dropped twice on the floor so it can defently take a beating!
Outside is easy to clean (the water deposits on the warmer - not so much) All in all It did the job for my little boy.
And for $16 GET IT!
And Get one for the Grandparents!
Don't spend $30 on a bigger and bulker item that will do the same thing!My daughter has twins.
She was warming their bottles using tap water.
It was taking too long to get hot and she felt like she was wasting a lot of water (we are in a drought).
I looked at all the warmers and their reviews and decided to get this one.
There is one that warms 2 bottles, but I wasn't impressed with the reviews.
My daughter said this one is pretty fast.
Baby #2 doesn't always want to wait another 10 minutes.
At least they aren't a huge investment.Use this for every feeding for my twins.
I do wish it was quicker but think I would want that feature with any bottle warmer.
However, we are usually dealing with frozen breast mik.
Then remove the hot mug and place the frozen milk in the mug.
You can use milk from the refrigerator as well just don't heat the water as much.Great product, but we didn't really need it.I bought this warmer thinking it's more convenient than warming milk with hot water, but actually it is not...the amount of water needed is little therefore it has to be very precise to get to the temperature you want!
The instructions state that the unit needs 10 minutes to cool down if you need to use it again, but it may actually take longer than that...I would prefer to use hot water than using this warmer.It's hard to figure out the right amount of water to use, even when referring to the product's instruction, when trying to warm-up a bottle.
I use it regularly, though, and am satisfied if it at least takes off the cold edge of a breast milk bottle that's been refrigerated.
But this saves time over boiling and is healthier/safer than microwaving.
Gave it a 3 because it has it's ups, but it's downs become irritating when you use it 5-7 times daily!We totally love this product.
We have two - one upstairs and one in the kitchen.
It's true that it takes some trial and error to see how much to adjust the amount of water that you put into this.
But once you figure it out, it's a lifesaver!
I can't imagine having to wait for plain hot water to heat up a bottle.
We have used it both with the Medela bottles and with Dr. Brown's bottles.I bought this warmer before I gave birth and knew that I would need it especially at night.
It is very effective and is easy to use.
I will make it hot.
Based on frequency of usage you will learn how much water to use.
I mainly do the water vile half way unless the milk was previously refrigerated and cold.
We held off thinking that using hot water in a cup was just as easy.
It is faster than hot water.
Instructions are not exact you have to play with it a little bit to get your water amount correct for your bottle type and amount of milk.This bottle warmer broke after the first week.
It takes FOREVER to warm the bottles and then it doesn't even warm them.
I'm trying to get a refund right now.
Also, the opening is too small for the newer bottles (TippeTommy, comotomo, etc).Works great!
I use it to heat up her bottle and her frozen homemade baby food.
I definitely recommend.
I even thought about using this when my husband and I go camping to heat up our adult food.
We could just plug it into our car adapter.We love this bottle warmer.
It is small so it doesn't take up huge amounts of counter space.
But, every now and again, my husband gives our baby a bottle of breastmilk.
The milk will be too hot or too cold occasionally.
I have to unplug the unit after each use, and that is almost impossable to do w, a screaming baby in my arms.
I rectify this problem by only partially plugging it into the outlet so it can easily be removed w/ one hand.If you want this affordable bottle warmer to work to your advantage, ignore the directions and don't bother w/ the little vial for the refills.Place the bottle in the warmer then pour water in until almost full.
Takes about 60 seconds to get hot.
To speed up the process, I keep a kitchen towel near by and constantly remove and shake the bottle.We used this everyday, multiple times a day, for over a year and had no problems at all.
It took a little bit to figure out how much water to use with which bottle, but once we got that down it was simple to put the water in, push the button and a few min.
later have a warm bottle for our daughter.
We have used hot tap water to try and warm a bottle and it just takes too long for formula out of the refrigerator.
You kind of have to babysit this warmer and check it constantly because one minute its taking forever to heat up and then the next minute the milk is super hot.
The amount of water needed is just inconsitent with the markings on the vial.
sometimes the water runs out and the warmer shuts off but the milk is still cold.
Another downside is the on off button.
I will continue to use this warmer and will even recommend it due to the low price.
I love this warmer except for the fact that it takes 3-4 minutes to warm the bottle.
I use the Avent bottles.
Usually filled with 4oz.
The instructions are easy to use and it has the measuring spoon attached so you know how much water to fill in the warmer.
The only thing I noticed with this warmer is you have to be exact with the amount of water otherwise the bottle is either to warm (too much water added) or the bottle is cold (not enough water added).
We purchased 2 more of these one for each grandma's.
I am looking foward to seeing how this warmer works with baby food jars.We use this for breastmilk in Avent bottles, and it works OK --but don't follow the directions on the back.
For a refrigerated 4 oz.
bottle, we need to fill the measuring dispenser past 10, leave it in for the full time, and then it is warmed to room temperature.
It works well for being an inexpensive warmer.This warmer works great!
It's one of the few that you can put the bottles with liners in.
It is fast too!
We got the first couple bottles too hot, but after that it was easy.
There are little lines on the side of the measuring cup, for a 4 oz bottle, I go to the first big water line (about half way up the "scale").
That is for refrigerated milk.
Plus, this warmer doesn't take up a lot of space.
It's just what you need, no more or less.
I defintely recommend this warmer.I loved this product myself but my wife used another method.
Nope.
Provide a simply warm bottle every timeThis bottle warmer definitely is useful - it does what you want it to do.
This is because there are many variables that affect the ending temperature:- The starting temperature of the milk (from the referigerator, freezer, room temperature etc.
)- The type of bottle (i.e., glass, plastic, etc.
The only part I wish this had that some other manufacturers build into the model is an ability to use the steam to steralize baby paraphenalia, such as pacifiers.I got this as a gift and love it.
You have to experiment with the water tempature first.- I used regular milk so I wouldn't waste formula.
I like the compact size.
I move it to the bathroom by the nursery.
I put in the bottle (avent) and it's heating while I change her diaper and finished just in time.
I used a black marker to mark the fill line so it can be seen easily at those 2AM feedings.
Nope.
It doesn't work.
Like straight from the fridge.
Solid enough.- it can be cleaned.
Some other models with built in water reservoirs are a bacteria trap.
eventually it would need a scrub.
The unit itself, you can remove all the baskets (which it comes with a basket for prepared food jars!)
Green lights on the conveniently big button lights on and it will automatically shut off when the water you poured in is gone.
No more plugging and unplugging.
Trust me you will appreciate this button.
Don't search for a small switch or button when you're half asleep with a crying baby in one arm...that's insane.- Small profile, I would say it has about the footprint of a magic bullet blender.
This was it...winner!
For example, some of the other models adjust temperature by adding more water into the chamber and it just heats a preset time.
So if you pour in 7 (or less)on the included measure, it will heat up 4 oz water/formula to pretty warm in about 3-4 min max.How do I adjust the temp?
- Let's say if I go for 4 oz of formula.
I will put a little less than 7 in the measurer into the chamber.
Pour in 3 oz of distilled/nursery water only in the bottle.
Drop the bottle in the chamber and hit the button.
It will shut off by the time I measure the power and put the baby bib on.
Take it out, pour my final oz of cold water in and then mix the powder in and it is immediately ready to go.
I hope this helps.UPDATE: use it like mad and it's still working like new.
Baby is up to 4oz or more and I find using the minimal line is just fine.
By the time you give the water a swirl with the powder and the outside of the bottle is still fairly warm, the remaining coolness of the water inside cancels out the residual outer heat to make it ready to feed immediately.
Awesome!UPDATE 9/18/2013: Still rockin and I even ordered another warmer for upstairs.
I think it is a great bang for the buck and now with winter creeping around, most definitely will be used like crazy!
I planned it so once I see him hungry or already crying for it, I pour the water into the warmer, hit the button, pour the water into the bottle - drop the bottle in and start measuring out the formula.
By the time I have the scoop loaded and ready, the warming is done and I mix, shake and feed.
Play it right, the whole process is quick and efficient.Works great if you follow the directions.
However, I stopped using it after a couple of weeks and realized my son took the bottle just fine without the need to warm up the bottle.
The bottle would sometimes be too hot and would leak at the top.
You might have better luck with it but it just didn't work for us.We use the Playtex bottles with the disposable liners and had a problem finding a warmer that stated it could also do those types of bottles.
This was the only one.
We do like the auto-shut-off, because that's what we'd listen for at those 4am feedings (the click).
I re-marked it with a Sharpie with the two water levels we use (Playtex bottles with and without the thumb slide) so that friends babysitting our son or helping us out by heating a bottle while over visiting know how much to put in.
More than likely we will have to toss this when our son is done using bottles and will buy another one with our next child.
In my case, although there was a warning that a basket should always be used in the warmer, my brain erased that comment with the subsequent paragraph that said wide mouth bottles don't require the lift out basket.
The type of bottle one uses (shape, size, material) will very dramatically affect how the heat from the steam impacts the solution being heated.
I would also imagine that some further tweaking will be required as the composition of breastmilk changes during the day and over the course of the post partum period.For example, I used 9 oz MAM Ultivent (BPA free) translucent bottles that are wide at the bottom and narrow at the top.
a water softener with regular applications of rust-inhibitor solution, or the use of distilled water will probably reduce the amount of cleaning required.
Using vinegar to remove mineral deposits is the age old standard for cleaning everything from pots and pans to humidifiers etc.I think this product works well, i just wish it was less prone to tipping over when i push the activation button.We purchased this bottle warmer for travel use.
Great to use in hotels and or if you'll be staying with relatives.It will accommodate wide neck bottles.
We had no problem warming Dr. Brown's wide neck 8 oz bottles and Similac's odd shaped bottles.Heats up fast.
Be careful in lifting your bottles with your bare hands.No built in water reservoir.
Water has to be measured and poured with every use.Warmer needs a cool down period of at least 10 minutes with every use.
We brought it with us for traveling and it worked great at hotel.
I wish we had gotten it earlier.They're for my grandson, we were fine,  , I recommend it.Works great time I answer came with the product.It is way so powerful that it splashes the liquid everywhere..my point of buying this product was to help the formula less bubbling when mixing..but it created more..what a disappointment..With my 8th child who is currently 6 weeks old we had to use Dr Brown bottles.
You aren't supposed to shake powdered formula in that bottle.
So we were looking for a way to mix the formula when we found this product.
This product works and well.
It should be pulsed when mixing.
It is very powerful.
My only complaint is for sanitary reasons it should have an option for a case.I'm confused.
Why would one even need this product?
We use this to make a big batch of formula for the day (daycare mandates we have all bottles pre-made for the day) and it works well.
I like that it helps mix the formula and that there are no clumps left so there is no need to shake the bottles when you're done - so I know the nutrients are distributed evenly/correctly.
This is worth the money!
Hopefully this doesn't happen again.
And no lumps or clots to stick in the nipple.
So, she pumps milk and we mix a little formula in with her milk to ease the situation.
I have only two dislikes for the mixer.
First, it spins so fast and powerful that it foams the milk.
Second, it is a bit awkward to use in tall bottles.
Some reviews have complained of durability problems, but we've had none as yet.I wonder what else I can use a gizmo like this for.
Hmmmmm.
Maybe I could use one in the workshop for mixing and stirring up small amounts of paint.
Maybe, I'll give it some more thought.Gary PetersonThis is fantastic!
I prefer to mix formula one bottle at a time and this was the only thing that I could use to do that short of shaking the bottle (and thus adding bubbles that upset my baby's tummy).
It's inexpensive but it lasted the entire time I was making bottles of formula - for about a year.
I have no qualms with this product but I wouldn't go out of my way to push it due to the price and what it is.
If moms think it will be helpful, go get it!
I often have to make bottles on the go or at other people's houses and this allows me to mix formula within SECONDS with virtually no bubbles!
I am still using Medela 5oz bottles and it fits easily inside.
I personally think it spins way too fast though.
I wandered across this at Babies 'R' Us.
No more leaking bottles as you try to shake powdered formula with water (and just get lumps!).
About 4 seconds of this blender right in the bottle and milk is TOTALLY blended.
Doesn't spatter, even in small (4 oz) bottles; easy one-hand operation (while bottle is sitting on counter and baby is in the other arm!).
Then just rinse the end and set aside for next time.
On button has both pulse and on (I only ever use pulse because it's that fast).
Takes 2 AA batteries.This mixer is great.
I used it with my daughter who is 4 and just bought another one for my son.
I dont like shaking bottles cause it makes them foamy and I inevitably get formula on me.
Also when your done mixing bottles it is great for chocolate milk and grown up drink mixes.This really makes sure that the formula is mixed without clumps.
If you don't mind that, then these are a good choice.I tried the Dr. Brown system but was unsatisfied for several reasons.
First of all, the bottles flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag with every couple of swallows.
For our particular situation, Dr. Brown's was not the answer.This bottle worked just fine for us, but there are so many parts it's a nuisance to clean.
I think the Playtex ventairs actually reduce burping better.My son was born 5 weeks early, and weighed in at a whopping 4 lbs, 6 oz.
Because his digestive system was still immature, he was extremely difficult to burp, which caused MAJOR gas issues.
After going through 2 bottles of Mylicon in the first 2 weeks after he was born, I decided to give these bottles a try.
Wow!
I went to burp my son, expecting to spend my usual 15-20 minutes trying to get him to burp, and imagine my surprise after two minutes this HUGE burp came out of this tiny baby!
So they come with two extra parts...big deal.
I hand-wash my bottles, and sterilize them in the dishwasher about once a week, and after the first few washes, the extra parts were a non-issue.
I also shake the vents and tubes out after washing to dislodge any water that might be remaining inside the holes.
Then, while I'm out, I just add formula to the breast pump bottle and shake, then I pour the formula into the empty Dr. Brown's bottle.
My daughter got too many bubbles in her bottle with the Avent bottles.
The Dr. Browns eliminate all bubbles.
She has no problems with gas when we use these bottles so I have stopped using the Avent bottles all together.We made the switch from Playtex to Dr. Brown when our son was having issues with spit up and gas.
The first thing I noticed about these bottles is there was less dribbling during feedings.
You do need to use the white disc in the bottles when traveling to keep the bottles from leaking (even if you keep them upright, they still somehow leak), but one solution I use is to pre-measure the powder in the bottle and ad water when ready (instead of carrying bottles of water and adding the powder).
Even though I like the size, we found it better to make a 4 oz bottle in the 8 oz size so we don't have to worry about the blue tip being covered with formula.I bought these bottles with the hopes that they'd reduce my baby's gas and fussiness.
I thought these were the answer based on all the great reviews they got on this site.
However, the stage 1 nipple was way too fast for my baby, and it caused her to spit up nearly everything I had just fed her at every single feeding!
I kept thinking she just needed to get used to the nipple flow, so I stuck with it.
I went back to the Vent Aire bottle I started out with.
The stage 1 nipple on the Vent Aire is slow, but my baby keeps all her formula down now.I bought these bottles on a lark.
These bottles have a wider nipple that is shaped more like the breast.
My son is primarily breast fed, but he has had no problems with these bottles when I don't feed him myself.
I started giving him a few ounces of water at 2 weeks old, and he immediately took to these bottles.
At one month, I tried to give him a six ounce Platex VentAir bottle after my Babies R Us was out of the larger Dr. Browns bottles.
He refused to take to the smaller nipple.
I avoid this by measuring my water in a separate bottle, then I add about half the water, stir, then the other half.
We now use these, and she can actually sleep after taking her bottle.
I know they take longer to clean, but it is worth it if you have a happier baby!Loved these bottles...never had problems with gas or bubbles.
However, I noticed that my daughter was having trouble with the nipples and a ton of gas.
My mother-in-law suggested the Dr. Brown's bottles.
I bought one to see how it would work.
The gassiness that my daughter was experiencing has decreased alot.
I use both the 4 oz and the 8 oz bottles for her.
I bought extra inserts and nipples too.
I also bought the travel caps.
I would suggest them to anyone.
By the way, I use the Avent bottle warmer and the 4 oz and 8 oz bottles fit perfectly.
He would cry and scream while wiggling trying to get rid of the gas bubbles.
We ended up throwing all other bottles away.
We don't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything.
Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
My only suggestion is to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
Dr. Brown's is obviously a highly recommended bottle, particularly for those who have colicky babies or those who spit up/have gas frequently.Dr.
Brown's came in as the #2 choice for my newborn.
The #1 winner was actually the Playtex Ventaire Standard bottle.
The reason I mention this is because the concept of reducing the amount of air taken in by the baby and the nipple size are very similar in both bottles.
My baby needed a slower flow so she'd dribble with the Dr. Brown's nipple.
And as other people noted, my bottles leaked sometimes, as well.
I'd just recommend trying both Dr. Brown's and Playtex Ventaire since they are both so similar in function, size, etc.I bought these on a recommendation from a Nurse in a child birthing class my husband and I went to.
It does exactly what it says... at least in my experience it does.
My daughter was small for her age, and at 6 weeks old we are still getting use out of them at 4oz.
:)Dr. Brown's bottles are great!
I recently purchased these bottles because my daughter suffers from reflux and needed rice added to her formula to thicken her feedings.
So, I purchased Dr. Brown's bottles and used the "y" cut nipples for the thickened formula.
They worked great.The only downside to these bottles is that when warmed, the milk sometimes rises into the tube inside  the bottle which causes the milk to leak out into the warmer.
Now, I warm them up without a top on it and everything is fine.These bottles are great.
I've been using them for a month and my daughter is a pro.
She was born 5 weeks early and has had no difficulty with the flow of the regular sized nipples and she doesn't get confused since she is mainly breast fed.
The reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is only because the bottles are somewhat annoying to clean by hand.
There are many parts to this system.
wide-mouth bottle)When I stopped breastfeeding I started using 4 oz.
Avent bottles for several reasons.
First, because I ended up with 8 of them after purchasing other Avent products and second, because the lactation consultant that taught my breastfeeding class recommended them stating they were more like the breast.When I started looking at purchasing larger 8 oz.
bottles I remembered that I had received a Dr. Brown's bottle and decided to try it to see if my daughter would take it.
The wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the Avent ones.
My daughter "smacks" a lot when she eats and subsequently takes in a lot of air.
She spit up often and would sometimes spit up what looked like half her bottle when she had trouble burping.
She took the Dr. Brown's bottle instantly and so I decided to buy a few more and switch for a week or two to see if there was any benefit.
wide-mouth bottles are very large!
After doing some research I discovered that one of the main reasons bottle-fed babies get more ear infections is because of the "vacuum effect" traditional bottles have.
This also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems.
This causes them to take in more air.
They WILL leak only if:1) you heat them without loosening the top (collar/nipple)2) you travel with them without putting the disk in the top designed to keep them from leakingDon't do these things and you shouldn't have any problems.I definitely recommed you at least try these.
I will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms!
We use these bottles almost because my son is an infant and he always has gas.
like other bottles these also get watermarks and formula smudge on them easily- you can tell when the bottle goes from clear to very blurry looking so you have to clan with soap and water with almost every use.
Then a friend of mine suggested these bottles, they were a god send , I really believe they also helped her get rid of gas problems.. the only problem i have is they are hard to clean, but worth it....I bought these bottles based on the other reviews for one of my twins.
Although I believe she spit up much less with the Dr. Brown system, she ate so slowly that she would only finish half of her bottle and then would fall asleep (she had been drinking 5 oz.
and could only finish between 2-3 oz.
with the Dr. Brown system).
She would then wake up hungry in 2 hours when she previously was eating every 3 1/2-4 hours!
She did spit up less so that was a good thing but not worth the small and slow feedings.
We used the Avent bottles and they were a nightmare!
She would cry during and after eating, because she would get so much gas.
We tried everything to help him.
Gimmie a break.
OH!!!
And these bottles fit on my Medela pump, so I can just pump right in the bottle!!!!
And we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are GREAT.
I wanted them to be completly clear.
If I wanted the BPA free ones I would have order them for $7 cheaper per pack..needless to say I am getting a refund.
I tried gerber, playtex and so on.
Then I bought some Dr. Brown.
It has so much things you have to assemble.
(sigh)  And the nipple is soft and all but my baby needs to something that he can get a grip.
They came out with a new bottle and nipple.
We got these bottles when he was 3-weeks old and they really do make a difference!
I'm a pediatrician, so I was a skeptic when I read that the bottle claimed to reduce gas/colic.
But I think I'm convinced!
At the very least, it makes it easier for him to eat since there is no negative pressure created from suction... the food just flows!
If your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a try!My baby who is just 3 weeks old was swallowing a lot of wind from his old bottles.
I have found them on amazon with great prize.
My baby is having less air n he is not chocking at all because of perfect natural flow for newborn..
There are a few parts to each bottle but it is easy to put together in no time.
I bought the 4 oz bottles for when he was a newborn, and now we use the 8oz bottles too.
I'm trying to spread the word about how great these things are.
And they aren't expensive!It might take you awhile to figure out how to take apart and put together the bottle but it works great!
My son hardly spits up from it (only from over eating).
Then, when I tried to return it for a refund, they had an administrative glitch and refunded us for $0.
These nipples have helped me to do so.
She was having issues getting her meal with a level 2, so I discovered these and thought our problems were solved.
Unfortunatley, these nipples flow too fast for her and she was gulping/choking trying to keep up.
I bought 4 packages of these, boiled them all and now can't use them.
I am hoping the older she gets, we will be able to use them and get our money's worth!item was just as described my ds just wouldn't take the rice cereal from the bottle.
Nice colors.
Will definitely recommend.I like this travel holder of utensils for my little one.
I like that it came with the variety of forks and spoons (green).
What more can I want from this product?
Nuby makes great products so I would buy this item again with my next baby!I haven't used the utensils as much since I had already bought other spoons.
I was looking for something to hold the spoons I had for daycare and travel.
They were fairly long spoons and this worked great!!
However, only seven of the eight utensils will fit with the lid on the case.
This didn't matter much for us, though - we just leave a spoon at home!
Also, the fork tips are rounded, so our son has a little trouble spearing things with it.
He is old enough (fifteen months) to be able to use a pointier fork, so I will be checking soon to see if one of our sharper forks will fit in the case.And, as it says in the title, colors can vary.
I recommend them.I was initially hesitant to go with Evenflo, we had used Dr. Brown's with our first child (they were pre-BPA scare bottles so we trashed them).
Highly recommended for a budget conscious family!I used these with the Evenflo glass bottles.
They work great.Evenflo Classic 4 oz.
They are the same shape as the slow flow nipples, and I have to stare at the tops of them to try to decide if the hole is larger (making them fast flow).
Otherwise, they work very well.Nipple flow rate is just right for babies older than 6 months.
Easy to wash. Good value.
They are great made material.
I change this silicone nipples for 4 months.
Only works for evenflo bottles.
Highly recommend.So far my son doesnt have any issued with this nipple!
they are very durable and doesnt cause any leakage!
:)These work great with standard bottles.
I like that I can order them online with amazon prime so it avoids a trip to the store just for 1 small item.I've had no issue with it yet.
I just needed some nipples and locally the stores were to expensive and I didn't feel like traveling to target.
Good stuff.We used lvl 1 nipples on our evenflo, avent, and Medela bottles with no problems.
These level 2s leaked in all of our bottles.
We aren't using the evenflo bottles anymore since she drinks more than 4oz at a time now.
At any rate, they're leaking and I've thrown them out.
:o(My baby has always used Evenflo nipples.
The 6 month nipples flowed too fast even at 5 months, but now that he's 6 months, they work perfectly for him.Ok, what can I say.
Bought these for my niece and these are the nipples she decided to use.
I was expecting them to be a bit slower.The price was great.
Even on Evenflow bottles these leaked liked crazy.
I ended up throwing these away after two weeks trying to find the right combo that didn't drench my kids neck.
I tried evenflow, medela, gerber, and parents choice bottles.
LEAKED In all of them.
My choice for standard nipples is Playtex ventaire nipples.
Since we began using those nipples NO LEAKS.
In fact, we noticed no gas too, we switched to using almost allPlaytex VentAire Advanced Standard Bottles 9-Ounce, 3 Pack (Colors Vary)as our main bottle.
Never developed any stains either.
These nipples allow milk to flow out when the bottle is upside down unlike the other slow flows I have.We have a drama-queen in the house.
She is 7 mo and she requires her milk to be given to her in Parent's choice bottles with Evenflo nipples... no idea why, but that is the only way she takes her milk; took us some time to figure this one out, but got there eventually.
These can be sterilized in water in the microwave.
They last well (we change all the nipples once every 2 months).
They are reasonably soft, but last long enough.
So you have to keep them organized in seperate bags.
To figure out which it is, you have to put liquid in each one and see how fast it comes out.
Easier to just keep them seperate all the time!These work great for the Evenflo bottles.
Affordable and they fit well so the bottles vent but don't leak.
My daughter had no issues with these nipples.These low-flow nipples helped both my grandchildren when they were newborns until about 5 months.
It might work for your baby, go ahead and buy it and they are very affordable.My baby loves this pacifier!
We are exclusively breastfeeding (second baby) and I was looking for something that the baby would take.
Shaped more like a bulb and less like the orthodontic ones.
My little one refused to use this paci, but he is very particular when it comes to these.My son is breastfeeding and adapted to these nipples perfectly to sooth without any issues with nipple confusion.
Now that he is old enough that this paci fits in his mouth, he loves the bulbous shape of the nipple.
He can hold it in his mouth easily, and it doesn't seem to bother his sore gums, now that he is teething badly.
With the more narrow base, he can compress the nipple inside his mouth without putting a lot of pressure on his gums.
My boy didn't like any of them.
Only this one will do.
We did have to look over all of the "bulb" portions of the pacis, to check for wear, so some of our older ones had to be thrown out.
More than half the time she'll go right to sleep when I give her her pacifier or she'll calm down.
Babies love it so they don't want to be separate from it and he is contstantly asking for it.
One pack was blue and one was pink.
The pacis differ slightly from the photo.
My lactation consultant recommended these originally because the angled tip ones can cause tongue thrusting and we were having issues.
These tend to help baby get his tongue under the bulb.
This is the second time I ordered from here and received the same style.
Last time I got two packages of pink.
I have a boy.
But it is okay, as we use these for sleep at home only.
I think on outings.
Amazon could fix this if they wished.
I ordered two sets hoping to get one neutral color for my son.
I got yellow and pink.
I will say we bought these for 2.99 and then saw them in our local Wal Mart for 2.78 in pink, blue, and yellow.
He took them right away & after taking these for about 2 months he know takes other pacifiers but these are definitely his favorite.I should have read the reviews  :(  REALLY need a choice of colors on this product so everyone doesn't end up with pink.
The teat is very big!
Not impressed with these pacifiers at all.
They work and do their job, but nothing special of them.
I like these.
Price signals in the baby product category don't seem that relevant in that expensive items were often not of better quality.
End of update.I had needed fast flow nipples for my twins.
These have fit the purpose well.
These nipples are also standard size (see below), silicone texture, and traditional round shaped.
* Flow: nipples come in newborn, slow, medium and fast.
For example, Gerber and Medela have standard bottles.
Advent has some standard and some non-standard bottles.
Dr. Brown has non-standard bottles that only use Dr. Brown nipples.
* Texture: soft latex, firmer silicone, and traditional rubber.
* Shapes: traditional (round), orthodontic, and flat-topped.I have cats.. and they like to get a hold of the nipples when I leave a bottle out so I need to keep buying these.
My son uses Gerber bottles so I have to buy gerber nipples.
Fast flow works great  for my 30 months-old son.these nipples are so small that they just fall through a regular size bottle!!!
If you get them make sure you have the same brand of bottles and all the other parts.great product allways with the quality of gerber, my wife and my baby loves it, and unbeatable price, highly recommended, buy together with the first essential bottles and a color nipples availables toogreat value.
They almost dont fit the nipple rings of the medela bottles the nipples come out of the ring when my son handles them a little rough and all the milk starts pouring out.
This one doesn't get stuck because of the tooth inside the nipple.
Price I paid is about right.
It left room where it leaks when the baby pulls the nipple.
I still manage to use it next time i will try gerberBottles.I have tried almost every nipple for my twins.
These work very well with my daughter who has acid reflux.
She is spiriting up less since I started unsung these nipples.
I am going to order moreThese are great replacement nipples for the Gerber Essential Bottles.
Since the 9oz bottles come with the medium flow nipple, I need to get fast flow replacements when my baby turned about 6 months old.
This was a great deal, cheaper than in the local store and since I am a Prime member free shipping.Bought these for my newborn and I love them!
It's easy for him to intake since I bought it in slow flow.
Would buy more!...
I bought them to replace medium-flow Evenflo nipples.
I'd give them more stars for seeming durability and accurately described as "fast flow," but fewer stars because the base circumference SEEMS to be smaller around than the other nipples.
I get considerably more leakage around the edges than I did with the Evenflo, others.
The tightness of the fit with the base of the screwtop nipple lock causes it to skew to one side, leaning the nipple...meaning that anytime you turn the bottle with the cap on and the liquid hits the nipple opening, you are prone to have a leak.
This would guide the nipple to a perfect position every time, eliminating the problem above.Also, this cap gives you no real grip on the top of the bottle.
Avent bottles seem to almost weld themselves shut after a few hours in the fridge.
Try opening an Avent bottle with this cap on.
About half the time, the condensation on the bottle requires me to take the cap off to get leverage on the Avent screw-on nipple locking ring.
I find when I run them through the dishwasher, inevitably at least one flips over and fills with dirty dishwater by the time the cycle is complete.
If you have to rewash it, or if you simply misplace one, its great to have extra.
Given that we always have lots of bottles in circulation, it pays to have a few extra.One trick to get them from flipping over in the dishwasher and collecting water is to place four of them together face down and pin them down by putting a bowl on the top of them to weigh them down.
I fill it halfway with water and have my 8 month old sip from it.
She enjoys it, especially that its summer and hot, I give her cool water.
She loves taking sips!
I know when she's done when she lets the water spill out from her mouth, sort of playing with the water.We have used avent bottle for all 4 of children and always seem to loose the lids.
These work just as expected.
My kids also seem to grab them to use as small snack cups and to grab small drinks.The lids to our bottles seem to forever be disappearing at day care.
!We use these BPA-free caps to cover our toddler's Klean Kanteen sippy.
Great solution that allows us to use the steel, safe sippys with the Avent system.I bought these to use for my klean kanteens that have the sippy adaptor and they fit perfectly.
The only drawback is that they are very easy to lose.
The sippy spouts used to get covered with dust, lint, etc., but with these caps that's no longer an issue.
Sometimes I notice condensation inside so they do have to be cleaned regularly to prevent any mildew/mold from growing there.
But overall they work great for the price.This pinch guard goes on easy (and comes off easy on the rare occasion that we want to close the door to our playroom).
The kids used to play with the door so much we talked about just taking it off.
Someone was always getting their fingers pinched.Since we got this they actually stopped playing with the door all together since it won't close.I would have given it 5 stars if it was just a little thicker  - if it was it would also be able to prevent the hinge from closing on little fingers too.Overall, it does what it says it does, for a good price, without being permanent.I got this in hopes of using it to keep the kitchen drawer open so that my baby could play and not pinch her fingers...
It works!!
I open the drawer and put it on the back corner and when she pushes on it to stand it wedges into the corner and makes the drawer stay open.
These are great too.
My husband bought too many and he ended up using one on a remote for the TV so that the kids would stop losing it.
Talk about a great way to repurpose this thing.
The door monkey won't work on those.
The doors won't shut, no pinched fingers.This pinch guard is great.
It stays in place and super thick.
This works great to protect from pinches, but will do nothing if your child veers toward the space hinge side.I had high hopes for these little guys but no such luck.
Easy packaging literally open and they are ready to go.
I put one on my bathroom door and it worked to prevent it slamming on my son's fingers, but it left the gap at the other side of the door where the hinges are, where he eventually worked his way over and CRUNCH slammed them in there instead.
awesome.I had found a couple of these at a local discount store that were on sale that I just couldn't pass up.
Well, these are great!
We have one on our 15-lite dining room door that our 20 month toddler will sometimes close (or slam) and one on her bedroom door.
It also helps on her bedroom door from hitting the squeaky spot (when we go in to check on her at night so we don't wake her).Very easy to take on the go to grandparents/hotel!I have been using Playtex Bottles with liners since my second child was born.
I must say I loved the drop-ins until the expandable drop-ins came out.
When my 3rd child started using 8 oz, I started searching for an alternative.
I stumbled across these on Amazon and after some quick math, realized that these liners priced at $5.99/free shipping for 140 liners were the absolute cheapest liners you could get.
So I had to try them.
They really aren't bad.
I love that if you squeeze the air out of these that there is no chance of the liner popping off the ring and milk going everywhere.
I love the more compact packaging and that the liners can be pulled easily out of the carton when needed.
The only flaw I can find is that it does take a few extra seconds to get the liner in the bottle than a drop-in but for the perks I will live with it.I didn't realize that it costs just as much in the store near by where I live.
Now I just get it from the store then I dont have to wait for it to be shipped.
Check the price at your store first to see if they carry it and how much it costs.
Dropins cost more for the amount you are getting.
You just stretch them around the bottle top, hold on to them, and carefully fill them.
We left the tabs on the bag that they say to remove because my son never noticed them and they seemed to hold the bag on better.
Also we didn't buy the Playtex dropins, the store brand was cheaper and just as good.I thought I was buying the drop-ins when I bought these.
I didn't even know they still made this kind.
Recently when I took some of these with my baby while traveling I had to pour my required amount of water into plastic bottles with lids which takes away from the liners portability to say the least.
There is also no way you could get a full 8 oz.
of water PLUS your formula into these liners which leaves me having to feed my baby 6 oz.
then running back and pouring in another 2 oz.
So, these work in a pinch.
Leave it to me, the bargain shopper who buys in bulk, only 2 more boxes to go.....These inserts certainly work, but I will say that it takes longer to install them than the Drop-ins variety.
If you cannot reach the top of the closet door easily you may want to try and find a different product.Great product!
With the Safety 1st it's adjustable with the twist of a knob!
I would hands down recommend this product for anyone whos trying to keep little rug rats out of bi-fold doors!It's cheap.
It's easy.
My kid's cant reach it.
They are very effective, and don't scratch the wood.Bought these to keep my little explorer out of the pantry, linen closet, etc.
It seems a little flimsy at first, but it does its job.
I can reach ours, but barely.
We first tried to put them on the bottom of the doors, which worked just fine until our 1 year old figured out how to work them (after 1 day!).
We slid them into the folding spots on my preschooler's closet doors.
I intend to try some other options.I have a little two year old Houdini who figures out how to escape out of anywhere and can get into everything, no matter how much I child-proof.
We purchased this so he would stop getting into his closet when he was meant to be taking a nap.
We actually had to end up disassembling it and using only the outside part of it without the knob.
It still does the trick, as it is too high for the little one to move.We had to remove the inside bracket to get these to fit our bi-fold doors.
We have a coat/shoe closet in our entryway that we intended to use this on.
The doors are opened just about every time someone enters and exits the house.
This product has to be unscrewed and slid to the side to open the door, then slid back and screwed tight after closing the door.
They work well to keep toddlers out of closets and such but they will go flying if you forget it's on there and just open the door with a bit of force.
I also purchased some for the pediatric therapy place to keep littles out of the toy closets and am always told that the other moms love it and want to know where it was purchased!
Overall I believe they work well as a training tool to help teach toddlers places that are off limits but eventually the kids will figure out how to yank the door open and send it flying.Unless you have 20 minutes to kill while your baby is screaming for a bottle, you don't want this.
I first used this on a venture to BRU for a Grandparent's Day Breakfast and while Grandma was sitting in on a 529 seminar, my daughter suddenly discovered that she was beyond famished - so up we go out to the car to warm up a bottle!
Now, supposedly this warmer can be used with Dr. Brown's bottles but the combination didn't work for us.
Unless the bottle is a regular generic bottle with a gallon of fluid inside, it won't keep the heating latch engaged.
I had to sit there and continuously push the bottle down onto the latch AND then after 10 minutes, the bottle was still ice cold!
I have no idea how to warm a bottle in the car and have no reccomendations, but I will tell you that this mini blood pressure machine will do nothing to benefit the appetite of an impatient child when she's hungry!We have been quite happy with the warmer until last week.
We plugged it in and 5 seconds later it was smoking and burning at the car adapter outlet.
My husband right away pulled out the burning plug but it already melted and a metal piece of it stayed int the outlet causing an electric short.
Save yourself the experience of standing on the side of the road with a hungry baby on a rainy day due to this product.It takes 20-30 minutes to warm a 6-8 oz bottle so you need to aniticipate feeding times.
It heats the bottle to lukewarm, but that's as hot as you should want it anyway.
Also it helps to speed it up if you remove it a couple of times and shake the bottle to cycle the milk around.
Otherwise you could have scalding hot milk on the outside and ice cold in the middle.
Bottles that have bottoms that curve inward don't press the sensor to heat.
I managed to stack some coins between the sensor and the bottle and this fixed the probably.
Even with the minor problems I found it useful to have on car trips.For the most part, I like this product.
The first one I bought died after about 15 uses.
The second one outlived my son's bottle use, and it worked great.
You do have to shake the bottle to distribute the heat evenly and test it, but that's normal for any bottle warmer.
Ours worked in about 10 minutes, but it depends on how warm your baby likes their bottle.
For $10 I was happy with it.If you are planning even one long trip with your new little one, you'll be glad you have this, but try it out before you go.
It does take a long time to warm up a bottle with this, so you do have to anticipate the need for a bottle.
The smaller the bottle, the faster the formula will warm up.
We have the same reviews as everyone else.
I feel like he could do this all day.
Another plus is being able to take them into his inflatable tub so he can play with them while we give him his bath and he loves watching the water come out the little holes in the bottom of each one.
Cute little toy for him to play with.My son has enjoyed these stacking cups since age 6 months and still at 1 year they are one of his favorites!
They are so simple but he loves them!These are great stacking cups!
Especially for the price!
There are tiny holes in the bottom to allow fluids, etc.
escape.My son is 20 months old, and we got these cups well over a year ago.
They're still one of his favorite toys!When he was little, we'd build towers out of them, and he'd knock them down.
When he was a bit older, he'd yell into them or bang the cups together.
Now he can nest and stack them on his own.
He puts other things inside them, under them, etc.
I love to see all the way he can come up to play with such a simple toy!
etc.
), about "big" and "little," etc.Our son plays with these all the time in our bath tub.
When I had my daughter who is now 9 years old, we would go over there and she would play with the same stacking cups.
No matter what other fancy toys were around she went to the cups first to play with.
I saw these on Amazon and had to order them for my little son.
They are a great little set of cups.
They nest inside each other or stack when turned upside down.
They also have numbers 1-8 printed on the bottom.
Each cup has holes in the bottom, the number of holes corresponds to what number the cup is.
For example the #1 cup has one small heart hole, #4 has 4 small squares and the #8 has 8 small circle holes.
I checked the tag and there&#8217;s nothing on there about BPA.
She loves mouthing them and banging them together.
The cups easily fit into one another.
Oh well.
I still like free things!My daughter enjoys simple toys, such as these.
She doesn't like toys that play music, have blinking lights, wiggle, or talk.
My husband found a great way to entertain our daughter.
He would line up the cups, do some spirit fingers over the cups, quickly place the cups into one another and then give a "ta-da!"
She always laughed :)This set is used so much by my kids.
The sizes and weight are great.
Make great bath toys.
I would buy as a gift in futureMy 8 month old absolutely loves these cups.
This seems to be his favorite toy.
He is too young to stack them but he loves watching me stack them and then knocking them over.
He also loves banging them together, banging them on other things, dumping them out of a bucket, pulling them apart (when nested inside each other), chewing on them, and playing with them in the bath.
I love that they compactly nest inside each other so they are easy to bring along in a diaper bag.
I recently brought these to a baby play group and all the other babies dropped their toys and picked up these cups and started playing with them instead!
Even taking 1 or 2 of these to the Dr.s office or to play with while we eat dinner....just 2 is entertainment enough!
These are a MUST for the toy collection.
I love this and so do the children.
It washes up nicely on the top rack of my dishwasher.
He likes to put other toys in them and dump them out.
These are a dry toy for us, but note that the bottoms all have little cutouts to drain and won't hold water very well for tubby play.
I have a set for the diaper bag, and can pull them out for play or to hold dry snacks.
Great value.
Only downside is there is no strap to keep them all together in a bag or toy box, so i use a fat rubber band.
Hold up fine in the dishwasher.I bought these sturdy cups for my grand-daughter, age one year.
This age and beyond love to explore with objects that can be stacked, nested, and rolled.
They also have holes and are fun for water play.My daughter loves playing with (and chewing on) these when she plays with her toys on the floor, but she likes plaing with them in the bath even more.
It doesn't say so in the product description, but each cup has holes in the bottom (the same number of holes as the number on the cup, and each cup has differently-shaped holes--e.g., seven stars, 6 squares, etc.
), so in the bath my daughter can fill these with water and watch the water come out the holes in little waterfalls.
She LOVES this, and it'll keep her busy for a long time.
She also uses them in her wading pool to the same effect.
Great product!My 8 mo old loves these.
She mostly just knocks them down and bangs them together, but she does actively play with them.
They are durable, colorful and they stack well.
This is one of my daughter's favorite toys.What a simple toy!
Well, at first all he did was scatter them about.
Then he started banging things with them.
Then he started holding them in his hands and walking around with them as if he had hooves.
Finally, he started to study them and spent a lot of time at this activity.At the present time, our boy is 15 months old.
Now he takes the stack apart, arranges the cups on a flat place, goes back to get them and put them back together in the proper order.
I sometimes mix them up on his flat place and turn a few upside down.
He immediately goes to the pile and sorts them out in the proper orientation and order and rebuilds the stack.
Then he smiles at his accomplishment.
It's rather amazing.He seems to find the cups endlessly fascinating.
When he's whiny or grumpy, I give him the stack and that immediately grabs his attention.
We take them everywhere.
In the bath.
In the car.
Sometimes it takes a few times before she likes something, but these stackers were fun right away!
They are bright and colorful and fun!They stack inside of each other and also stack as a tower.They have holes in the bottom to prevent suction.
The number of holes and the shape side counts match the numbers on the cups.
She plays with them at bath time, in her playpen, when eating, and in the car.We bought these when my son was 6 months old.
It's a year later, and he still loves them.
He is able to figure out a million ways to use these cups and they are always a go-to toy for him.
It doesn't seem to get old.
Last night she had a cup in each hand and was waving them around.
It's a great toy for him and I know he'll like them even more when he's older and can actually stack them like they're supposed to go.I don't care what brand you get or where you get the stacking cups, just buy them.
They are worth whatever you have to dole out.
My daughter has played with them since she was at least 2 months old.
She's 18 months now and she still plays with them.
We have stacking cups for her bath time, too, and she plays with those forever.
I did have to take away the smallest cup because she kept putting the whole thing in her mouth...This is a fantastic toy, there are so many games to play with this.
Every time i stack the cups my little one looks at the cups being stacked very intently.
The great thing is it takes up easily half an hour playing.I was told it would be helpful to buy stacking cups, so I found these.
Like a couple of other reviewers, upon receiving them, I was disappointed.
These cups are very small and the lip area is small.
I returned these and will look for cups that stack better.I will admit, if you wanted something for your child to play with, toss around, these are okay and an okay price.
Disappointed.We bought these for our 5 month old son.
Great buy.These are great.
An added bonus: they can be used to teach counting and colors!This is a hit.
Baby loves these.
Whenever we have them out around other kids a little older, the bigger kids want them too.
Great for the tub, playing on the floor, high chair, beach... well, we obviously travel with these.
We know they will always offer consistent entertainment for out little one.
I will say I thought the cups would be a little bigger.
They are quite smallThese little cups are a good value.
My grand daughter is only old enough to knock them down at this point but she's having fun.We mostly use these in the bath, my son is 6 months now but we have had them since he was born.
When he was first born we just used them as a cup for washing but now he grabs all of them and bash them together and splash water everywhere and tries to drink out of them.
They are fun out of the bath too, though!
:0) love them!I don't know what it is about these cups, but they are my son's favorites.
As he gets older, I think he will be able to start stacking and building with them as well.
I know my little boy will enjoy playing with these during bath time nowMy daughters had cups like these when they were young and they were great for playing in the bath tub, wading pool and sandbox.
My 20 month granddaughter loves her set just as much and has gotten a lot of use out of them.BEST TOY EVER!!!
Seriously, it's so so simple but so loved.
My two year old has a ton of toys but will still dig to the bottom of the toy box daily just for this set.
He loves building a tower with them or nesting them.
He likes pretending to drink out of them.
And he loves seeing if his other toys will fit in them.
Our Little People Farmer is commonly seen hanging out in one of the cups.
;) They've been the #1 toy in our playroom for well over a year now.Is it the stacking, the nesting, i dont know but if you have a child around 1 get this.
My kid spends lots of time playing with these and she takes them even in the tub sometimes.
The colors that are pictured here are not what I received, I actually got two cups that were the same color, but thats okay for me.Pros:- The size is perfect, you can't really go wrong with stacking toys.- Each block has a number on the bottom and with the number is a coordinating hole.
(6 months).
Right now she just likes to chew on them and throw them on the floor and watch them spin, but I am excited that she can still learn to stack them later.
I like that each cup has little shaped holes (stars, hearts, triangles, etc.)
according to the number it says on the bottom of the cup.
Great price especially compared to other brands!My 1 year old son plays with the cups everyday.
A must have for any child's toy box.This would make a great baby shower gift.
Not too expensive.The cups are stackable and come with numbers on the bottom.
Medium weight plastic.
they have slits in the bottom.
She still plays with them in the bath now at 16 months, as some of them have holes and can drain the water through.
These are a great way to keep your child out of the measuring cups and have something fun to play with for a long time.
I would recommend from age 5 or 6 months to at least a year and a half, maybe longer.It's just a bunch of plastic cups and yet my baby loves these.
She plays with them every day and doesn't seem to tire of them unlike her other toys.
She doesn't stack them - and I agree with others who have said that they're not that easy to stack - the grooves in the cups could be cut deeper so the cups fit better.
But she loves to knock them down when I stack them or take two of them and bang them together.
My son played with those cups for hours when he was 8-10 months.
Great toy!
She can easily stack up and nest them with ease and they can be played with both in and out of water.
I love them because they are super sturdy, can be washed when needed, take up little space, and are bright.
But most importantly, I love these stacking cups because my child can actually stack them without them tipping over, unless she wants them to.
That said, the baby likes them and they're fine for the price.fun to bang, fun to eat, fun to carry!
easy wash and put away.
We didnt know that they had cut outs and numbers but its cute.They're smaller than I expected, but it makes it easy for baby to pick up.
A great, simple toy to practise stacking, counting, size (big and small), and colours.My daughter loves these, especially in the bath.
She also splashes the water with them and bangs them together.
TOTALLY worth the $.My preemie is 12 mos corrected age and loves these!
The bright colors and relatively small size of the cups make these ideal for small hands.
Definitely recommend these.I just love these cups.
My grandson loves them as much as my children did.
The difference between sizes is very small, hence little ones cant really differentiate between sizes.
I ordered it when my son was 16 months, now 18.
But they are being used as bath toys now.
They have little holes and my son loves to squish water around.
When she was younger she loved to knock down the stacks of cups we would build for her.
Now that she is older (15 months) she loves to nest the cups inside one another.
The 2 smallest cups are pretty small and will most likely get lost under furniture, but such is life with a toddler.My 10 month old seriously plays with these more than any other toy.
They are great in the pool (they float) and indoors.
You can work on colors and teaching baby how to stack the cups.
I don't know why they are so much more entertaining than expensive toys with bells and whistles, but they are.My son has been playing with these since 8 months old and its his favorite toy.
Also can be cleaned in the dishwasher!This is great for many ages.
Stacking, knocking down, putting things inside, taking apart, banging.
Equally fun from 6 months to 5 years old.My 12 month old loves these.
She plays with them a variety of ways - nesting them, knocking down stacks I build, crawling around with them on her hands, and more!
I think this is a simple toy that encourages her to use her imagination during play time.
She consistently goes for them often during play times.Each cup has a number on the bottom and they have tiny holes cut into bottom to correspond with the number - so 3 has 3 triangles, 4 has 4 squares, etc.Overall a great purchase, especially for the price!We were very surprised that such a simple and inexpensive toy would be used for so long by my son when he was a baby.
And now we got them out for a new baby he still enjoys playing with them at almost 3 years old.
My mother has some and says my niece loved playing with them at 5 years old.The label states this product was tested for lead and BPA.
Since there is no regulation for these things who knows how accurate this is.
But the cups are well made and the colors are vibrant.
cute simple toy.I bought this when my daughter was 6 months old and its one of our favorite toys!
Now at 14 months she is trying to stack them and put one inside the other.
One for the tub and one for the toy box/travel.
My 10 month old likes the holes in the bottom when we play with these in the tub and she like to knock them down when you stack them on the floor.
Lately she's figure out how to stack them inside of each other.
Great, simple, inexpensive learning toy.
:)great smaller size stacking cupsWe purchased these for our 16-month old toddlers.
I don't know why we waited so long.
For months, every time they played with these at their Grandparent's house or Aunt's and Uncle's house, this was always the first toy they gravitated towards.
Great for travel as you can do lots with them and they don't take up too much space.After ordering these a few months ago we just took them out for my 8 month old to play with.
She can't reassemble them yet but she loves pulling them apart when they're all stacked up.
We have like 2 of the cups in each room for her to play with.
They are also great in the bathtub as she likes to scoop up the water but because they have holes the water drains out before she can try to drink it.I bought these for my great-grandson who is almost one year old.
They are sturdy and colorful.
He is learning how things stack and loves to put them together and take them apart.
They are one of his favorite toys.
He carries them all over the place and likes to play with them in the water because they have holes on the bottom that they water pours out of.
Happy I bought them.Who would have thought?
These are inexpensive, there are a bunch of them in case I misplace some there are more and our grand baby has loved them since four months of age and she at 10 months still loves them.
She first liked to hold one then there were two, one for each hand.
Very quickly they were fun to bang together and still are.
Then we discovered they were fun in the bath tub.
He nests them inside one another and inside out and stacked up.
He likes to clank them together as well.
They are BPA free and the colors (although not as pictured) are nice and bright.
My original set from the 90's still looks like new.
They are perfectly designed for little fingers to pull out.
Bare outlets would be safer.My 22 month old just greeted me with a handful of these outlet covers.
Sigh.
I am so disappointed by this product.
I should have bought the cheaper ones that are really hard to remove.
Don't buy.Trust me they figure out how to get them out of the outlets.
the only outlet option that i've found works are the plate covers.
The little notches on the side are baby finger sized and they come right out.
Buy the old school kind for REAL safety!!
These bottles saved the day.
Once you get into the habit of cleaning them, it's no big deal.
I don't know if they sell them online, but I get them at the local BRU store.
These bottles are a little expensive, but I would have paid twice the price for the relief that these bottles gave my daughter.Here's the deal: there are lots of bottles out there that claim to reduce/eliminate gas from being ingested during feeding.
This is the same issue with the collapsible liner bottles - the resistance becomes stronger as the baby finishes the bottle and collapses the liner.Dr.
This is accomplished by maintaining an open, unobstructed airway to the formula.
The tradeoff here is that the bottle will leak if inverted for any period of time or shaken vigorously.
Our child was very colicy during her first 3 months.
We tried avent, playtex, and others.
My 2-month-old son spits up even more after feeding (sometimes twice) with the Dr. Brown bottles.
I'm primarily breast feeding but, when I have to use bottles, these work great.
Very little (if any) air gets to baby & baby seems to have no trouble transitioning between these bottles & natural nipples.
Very durable & no leaks while drinking (although I have noticed that they will leak sometimes if they're in the diaper bag & it gets turned upside down).
Highly recommend!These 8 oz bottles are fantastic.
Yes, you will still need to burp your baby, but they will burp easily and fast without any stomach aches.
My son has had less gas since we've been using these bottles.
My son loves the nipple, as a previously breastfed baby it was easy for him to transfer to this bottle.
As another reviewer mentioned, don't even bother buying the 4 ounce bottles.
At two months my son is already at 5 ounces, so we barely got any use out of them.
The 8 ounce bottles are all you need.Defintely helped our spitup.
Dr. Browns and the Playtex Nursers are the best bottles on the market.In the beginning, my son had a terrible time with gas bubbles in his stomach.
In a very short time, he was no longer screaming after every meal.
Yes, there are 2 extra pieces to wash, but that's trivial compared to the alternative.My baby is 6 months old and she keeps spitting up.
My baby is SIGNIFICANTLY less gassy.
Yes, the extra parts are a pain to clean but it's definitely worth it.I love these bottles!
In fact, I can count on one hand the number of times he has spit up.
And, yes, when the inner tubing gets full, it might leak a little, or the opposite happens--nothing comes out.
But, like the other reviewer said, just unscrewing it and putting it back in fixes this.
I like the sturdiness of the bottles.I bought these bottle and Evenflo bottles when my son was born.
With the Dr. Brown's my son had no problems with gas, burping, or anything.
With the Evenflo bottles he kept gulping it to fast and would choke, he had the hiccups a lot and you could here the bottle making a "vacuum" noise.
After just two days, I threw away the Evenflo's and bought more Dr. Brown's and have had no problems.
Best buy ever.OK..so they're more expensive than most of the bottles out there--However, I LOVE them and my baby thanks me for it!
Needless to say, with Dr. Brown's bottles, he no longer strains nor sweats when he eats!!
2 drawbacks...(1)they're a pain to clean, and YOU MUST clean the inside chamber!, and  (2) you must take off the nipple before heating in a microwave, else it will leakI used the Avent bottles for expressed breast milk; the #1 stage nipple took my daughter 45 minutes to finish and the #2 stage nipple took her only 15 minutes but she had horrible gas pains after the feeding.
I read the reviews of these bottles and purchsed one to try it out and it worked like a charm.
It took her only 15 minutes and no gas pains and very little spitting up!
I found the slimmer design is easier for me to handle, but I would think the size of the bottle wouldn't matter as far as performance.If my husband would let me restock my bottle supply (18) with Dr. Brown's, I would be one happy lady, but that isn't going to happen!Don't make the same mistake I did, buy Dr. Brown's from the start...you won't regret it!
Dr Brown's bottles solved all these issues.I have six bottles and it takes me less than 20 minutes to wash them by hand.
It takes some getting used to washing the small parts, but it's worth the extra effort.
A regular bottle brush is fine for the bottles themselves.
Save yourself the money and go straight for the 8oz bottles.
The starter kit comes with Level-1 nipples.
You will likely need to graduate your baby to Level-2 niplles at 3-months of age and Level-3 nipples at 6-months of age.
Use the travel-discs when transporting milk and there will be no leaks.
My baby hardly needs burping with these bottles, they are that great (he doesn't have reflux by the way).
I've suggested these bottles to two of my friends whose babies have refulx and they have seen an improvement.
If you're paying shipping, might as well get some extra small brushes, you'll need them.
NO GAS at all.
You can actually  see how there is no air being sucked as the baby eats.
I've read some posts here with moms complaining that  the bottles leak -NEVER HAD THAT PROBLEM.
I highly recommend these bottles over any other ones out there.These bottles worked great for us.We started out with the Avent bottlesand our baby developed colic for about two weeks-switching to Dr. Brown's bottles really helped.The colic stopped within the week and we have notlooked back.
As long as you are careful how you place the top filtration piece- it should be fine.Based on reviews from mommies I know and this website, I went with Dr. Brown's bottles right from the start.
The bottles are designed to help your baby eat calmly and slowly.
This is terrific for my little monster who often approaches the bottle like she would gobble it up whole if she could!
The Dr. Brown's bottle slows her down and she eats safely and comfortably.
She has always taken a full feeding, and she has almost no gas or spit-up.
I am currently hand-washing them.
I do 8 at a time and have my bottles for the next 24-hour period.
I pump and my husband feeds him a bottle for his late night feeding and they do great!
We ended up throwing all other bottles away.
We don't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything.
Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
As to some reviewers complaints about leakage, it's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and I've found that if I unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put it back in, the problem is resolved.
The adjustment takes less than a minute and like I said, I've only had it happen once or twice.
So, my only suggestions are1.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
So, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger size.Both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
We tried and used both bottles with our boy.
The real deal between the two is the nipple.
The nipple on Avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the Brown bottles.
As he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the Avents.
Why did we switch?
Cleaning Dr. Brown's bottles SUCKS!
Plus, the Brown bottles are thinner but taller and just don't seem to pack away as well.
However, if your baby is picky there isn't much you can do.
Only 4 stars because of the cleaning issues.My son has GERD and has done very well with these bottles and Enfamil A.R..
They do reduce spit up.
We tried the cheap Gerber bottles for a month while we were traveling, and he spit up volumes.
Once we were settled and switched back to Dr Brown, the spit up stopped.We just found these bottles and couldn't be happier!
My 4-month old can't use Avent at all, does better with Playtex Ventaire, but is most comfortable with these.
He eats easily, without spitting up, he doesn't have to stop every few swallows to rest like he does with other bottles.
just they have more parts to clean.There's a reason so many people give these bottles 5 stars !
I do recommend skipping the purchase of the 4 oz.
bottles and going staight to the 8 oz.
And as for the other reviews complaining that they leak and are hard to clean and expensive: if you assemble them correctly and do not overfill, they won't leak, and the 2 extra parts are WELL WORTH the extra time to clean, but they are not "hard" to clean, I soak in hot soapy water and rinse, rarely do I have to use the brush thing, and they are really no more expensive than other bottles, well worth it and plus you can save by just using these instead of trying all the others.
TRUST ME DR. BROWN'S ARE FABULOUS !!
Among the others that I had previously tried were the Avent and Playtex VentAire bottles but Dr. Brown's were the only "anti-colic" bottles that worked.
Really, it takes maybe 10 seconds per extra part.
So, what is an extra 2-3 minutes.
Nothing!!
Really, think about it.
I will stand by these bottles all the way...less gas, less smacking when he eats and a happier baby in the end.
And, I have tried every bottle including, Avent, Playtex vent air, MAM and others.
Also, get the 8 oz bottles right away.
If you spend the money on the smaller bottles because you baby only eats 4 oz now, he/she will be eating more in a few weeks/months and then you will have to buy more bottles.
I used them for 5 months and finally got so fed up with all of the problems that I bought all new bottles.
They leaked standing upright or laying down.
I'm a nursing mother and it killed me to watch my milk leaking from those bottles all the time.
It was such a waste and my daughter would get milk all over her chin and neck.
I really do not reccomend these bottles.
I gave them to a friend who wanted to try them out.
I'm much happier with the Playtex nurser bottles with the drop ins.
My baby had trouble drinking from nipples when she was born and we literally tried EVERY bottle/nipple out there.
She would dribble and choke on the formula.
Then my doctor finally suggested we try the Dr. Brown's bottles.
We tried them and the baby did great.
She finally drank the formula fine, with no problems.
Also, she no longer had any gas!
Also...don't bother getting the 4 oz.
bottles....the 8 oz.
are all you need.
Babies don't drink only 4 oz.
for very long.
These bottles were like a miracle.
I recommend them to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!
We tried all the other bottles and had settled down with the Avent which were okay.
However, my Mom spoke to a friend who had had similiar problems with her baby and she recommended the Dr. Brown's.
We purchased some and we were impressed.
After two days he was less gassy and actually slept through the night.
She would always get to much air and spit up half of what she ate.
I have also tried the Avent and she got to much ait with those too.
I wouldnt recommend these or avent.This product did seem to help aleviate my baby's spit ups and gas, when compared to other bottles that would make my baby vomit.
My child had reflux and we had to put rice cereal in these bottles as well...if you have to do that, then you need the Y-cut nipples as well.
Great bottles.I actually tried many bottles before I splurged and bought these.I spent alot of money on the Avent bottles because they were supposed to be the closest to the breast.
However, they leaked and formula would actually squirt from the sides of my boys mouth.I tried the Dr. Browns, and my boys took right to them.
They would finish a bottle in about 1/2 the time and no more caving in nipples or leaks.
We tried everything to help him.
Gimmie a break.
OH!!!
And these bottles fit on my Medela pump, so I can just pump right in the bottle!!!!
And we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are GREAT.
And if you would rather, the bottles and all parts fit in the munchikin dishwasher basket.. even the sraws can be put in the straw things on the side of it!!!
We have them in 4 ounce size and the fat 8 ounce size and they are all perfect.I purchased Dr. Brown's bottles for my daughter.
We discovered that Evenflo and Avent bottles work just as well and are cheaper.My mother purchased this for me from TJmaxx or Ross or something.
This Dex one is also cheaper at walmart online.
I guess I fed my baby plastic!
Mine's been sitting in a plastic bag ready to go to Goodwill.
Do your baby a favor and buy a BPA free one somewhere else, and freeze your baby food in tiny Pyrex.I ordered this online because I couldn't find it in the stores and it arrived without a working motor.
)-  Pretty easy to clean-  Just 4 parts, so easy to assemble and use-  It's not super heavy duty, so I do chop things up a good amount before putting them in thereAll in all, I think it's worth it.
Facilita bastante nas viagens onde vc mesmo pode preparar as refeies de seu filho.I think that this food processor is a bit small for when you want to do big batch of food but I love it because :1.
Its roomy, light weight and easy to assemble.
A previous review said the Walnut color was more cherry.
I wanted more cherry so I ordered the Walnut.
We sent it back without a fuss from Amazon and decided I wanted to give it one more go because I loooooooooved the look so much.2nd time around:B-E-A-UTIFUL!!!!!!!!!
It's big enough for all the living room toys and my 1 year old son can fit in it so I hope one day he'll enjoy playing IN it too!
but we were missing one of the hinges to put it together.
All of the paperwork that came with it said NOT to contact Amazon for replacement parts but to instead contact the company directly.
I went to their website and there was a page dedicated solely to ordering replacement parts.
Excellent!
The only bummer is that the original hinge that came with the toy box was bronze and the spare that they sent me in the mail was silver.
Not a big deal since the hinges are located inside the box, but still.
Overall I love the box - we got it for our 18-month-old to hold the toys in his room.
I would've given it 5 starts had it come with all of the correct pieces right off the bat and will probably be buying one for our baby once he's in need of his own toy box as well!Had to put it together and it was not complicated took about 30 minutes.
I was alone.
The beauty speaks for itself.
There is a lot of room for my twins toys.
This will last them until they're grown.
It is a deep dark espresso and has a measurement of 31 " L by 17-" D by19-" H .Has a very nice shine on it.
I like that I can just throw all his toys in, close the lid, and you can't tell it's a toy box!
The lid is also strong, my husband has sat on it a few times and it shows no signs of wear.
No big deal and not noticeable.
Fit all of our two year olds toys.
We will definitely need to get another one when the second comes.
Our son closes the lid and climbs on top of it all the time.
He even jumps on it.
Within a short amount of time you will realize it is very cheaply made,the nice dark paint will chip off & the hinge (which they claim will make it safer) will break.
It looks nice if it is not touched or used, but don't count on it lasting AT ALL when the kids start using it!!!!
Return time is short as well FYI, huge waste of moneyThis is a great toybox.
replacement of the pieces was easy - you order it online.
Nonetheless, once all the replacement pieces arrived, it was easy to assemble.I just love to use those for my pumped breast milk.
Never had any issues.
I think the price for original (Playtex) liners are just fine.The playtex nurser is the only system my son will use.
He rejects all other bottles.
The drop-ins are easy to use, and keep a shape so you can accurately measure liquids, and easily handle them.We love these liners and bottles.
It was great since our daughter was very gassy when using other bottles but with these we would push up as much air as we could and we feel it helped to reduce the air she sucked in.These drop ins have been a lifesaver for feeding time with my infant..
Works just fine for us!It is supposed to have a convenient dispenser bottom.
Other than that...I love these.
I use them with my playtex milk storage rings and connect to my breast pump...so easy to use, put the cap on and refrigerate or freeze.
Baby also has less gas with the drop in liners than with the bottles.
I stopped using bottles for breast milk and just use these exclusively.
I recommend.I used these with my first son.
You can sit the bottle in a cup of hot water and it warms up quickly.
I also like that you can squeeze the air out of the bottle and save your little one's tummy.
I have had some occasions where the liner leaked around the seal.
I used these bottles until he was a year old.
the liners are handy, like the fact that they are bpa free and that you can switch them out.I exclusively pump, and I love using Playtex nursers for my daughter.
I use the &#34;hot water in a glass&#34; method for heating the milk, and since the liner is thin, it doesn't take a lot of time.
They are effective in keeping out the tiny air bubbles many bottles create.
The price in Amazon is much less than that in stores, even Wal-Mart.
I will keep ordering!these liners are great.
Easy to use and fit into all of our four oz playtex drop in bottles.
The price is right too!
Esp if you have amazon prime and get free two day shipping!Great for doing faux formula for 'reborn' realistic baby dolls (hugely popular dolls that are extremely real, and some artists get thousands of dollars if they can recreate the minute realistic details of babies' skin; I've heard of some selling for $17,000.00).
Amazon price is cheaper than babiesus even with 20% coupon.I love the whole Playtex Nurser system.
I became incredibly prone to blocked ducts when pumping and feeding some bottles became a part of our routine.
These liners are thin enough to manipulate easily, but also durable.
We have never had one leak in the diaper bag!Love these liners--quick prep, easy feeding and makes bottle clean up a breeze, especially if you forget a bottle in the car or find one under the bed from a late night half awake feeding--you don't have to throw the bottle away because of the yuck.I love the playtex dropins system.
Overall, no complaints.
I recommend these bottles to everyone and gave my sister dr. brown's (who prefers the dr. browns).
Daddy loves them.
They're his go-to 'bottles' for feeding LO.
We reach for these when we travel, and bring only one nurser and a couple nipples.
Very cute!These look so cute in my nephews room.
These go with the Jungle Babies theme.
They are pretty big pieces too, which is great!
I purchased the whole ensemble and the babies room looks great.
If you go for the jungle babies, be sure that all pieces match..  We had to return the lamp and lamp shade because the characters were different than the rest of the ensemble.
Overall it looks great for a boys roomWe have a the NoJo Jungle Babies 6-piece crib set as well as the wall stickers and these hangings.
The hangings are great for the nursery with interesting characters, great colors, and a mixture of fabrics for depth and texture.
They can be thrown in the washing machine when they get too dusty and hold up well.I love these wall hangings.
They are durable and look great with my jungle decor.
I did not get anything from the matching set...I just added them to what I already had and they really bring the room together.
I like that I can &#34;be in control&#34; a little bit more with this bath tub.I really wish that I would have gotten this when he was 4-5 months old when he could sit upright by himself.I make sure that I rinse it out and hang it up immediately so that it can start drying out.
Since the sides are soft (think bean bag chair) we propped his foot up on the side and he left it there because it was cushiony.
Keeps all of her toys around her as well so she is constantly occupied.Made in the USA!
I love this bath!!!
We were using a bath "chair/sling" type thing and I always felt that my daughter was going to slip out of it and into the tub so I was constantly readjusting her.
I love this tub and so does my daughter.
Her toys all stay within her reach and in front of her.
I love that it is filled with beads instead of an air filled tub.
We rinse it off with the shower nozzle after her bath and hang it from the shower curtain rod to dry.
It is always dry by the next day.
It was definitely worth the price!I have the original safer bather and I'm thinking about purchasing this item and the reviews so far have been very helpful, however I have a few questions I'm hoping other reviewers can answer who own this:1. the original is more of a cushion and the material mildews after a while, do the beads in this one do the same or is it a different material?2.
how long does it take to dry?3.
at what age would you recommend this product?
would it be appropriate for a 3 1/2 month old who can't sit on his/her own?I thought this insert was a great idea, but it seemed to scare my 10-month old.
She cried hysterically the second I put her in it the first time.
The second time she cried the entire time despite my taking the time to show it to her and let her touch it, etc, before getting into the tub.
same thing on night 3, so I returned it.
Granted, this is just our experience, but I will say that I think part of the issue was she couldn't splash in it.
Also, I did rinse it off and hang it to dry, and after three uses it already had that 'sour' smell.This works well for its intended use.
As a smaller tub to fit in your larger tub, it's quite nice.
I tried hanging it in the shower, hanging it in the garage, hanging it outside in the sun, laying it outside in the sun.
I live in Colorado, so I can't imagine what it would be like in a humid area.
I tried washing it with Oxyclean.
I tried bleaching it.
We had bought it thinking it would be another fun gadget, but actually having it in our home made us realize how big and bulky this was.
Tub doesn't float with the baby in it and my son loved it!
Not once did it slide and he loved hitting the tub and hearing the sound of the beads inside.
Very roomy tub and I even use it as a play pad after it is done drying.
You can have baby on their tummy to wash their back comfortably.Great for my daughter who has used this since she was about 6 months old.
She is 9 months old now and we'll likely be using it for another couple of months until she is more stable in the tub.
I like that it offers a cushy support should he tip over.This tub is great!
Soft material.
Bright colors kept my son engaged during his bath.
Fits perfectly inside our standard size tub.
Air dries quickly when hung up.
If you forget to hang it up to dry after bath time...
IT SMELLS!
It has only happened a couple times but now I feel like the dirty smell came from mildew settling into the bath stuffing and so it must be ruined inside, i just cant see it....
He fits perfectly in this lying down.
It supports his head and neck if he wants to lay back.
My little guy loves it.
It has a no slip bottom which I love.
Hangs to dry right on the bar in the tub.
No mildew smell so far.
I am about to retire it because he wants to be in the large tub now but it served it's purpose well and was worth the price.
The only downside of this vs an inflatable is that when he pooped in the tub once it was difficult to clean out.
I thought the fabric was smooth.
I is actually a cheap feeling scratchy and abrasive type material.
I wouldnt want it on my bare skin.
I tried my son in it once and he screamed hysterically and I haven't used it since.
I was very disappointed that I couldn't use it.Best tub for newborn/infant bath time hands down!!!
My 4month old outgrew the hard plastic tub by the time he was 3 months old and my husband and I really didn't find it safe for him anymore as he slid under the water twice with one of his Shamu-like back arches, rubbed the skin off of his pinky toe because the tub was too short, and banged his head on either side of the tub countless times with all the flopping around he was doing during his bath, which is more like play time to him.
The tub arrived in a timely manner, was priced perfectly, and was ready to go straight out of the box.
The first time we used the tub my 4month old fell asleep in it.
It is just the right height for his head and arms to rest comfortably on during bath since he isn't able to hold his head up yet.
The fact that I can bathe him by myself in the big boy tub and only have one hand on him the whole time rather than both is spectacular since we humans generally only have two hands.
Once out of the tub you just drain the water from the big tub, squeeze out as much water from the cushioned tub and hang it up to dry in a well ventilated area.
We just hang it from the shower head to drip dry and if needed I transfer it to one of the chairs in our kitchen which is under a ceiling fan to ensure it is completely dry to prevent any mold or mildew growth between baths.
This tub makes bathing a slippery and wiggly infant so much easier and safer especially during shampooing and rinsing which I dreaded in his old plastic tub.
Just place the upside down tub on the countertop, lay your child in the bottom cushioned area, and bathe away.
Definitely a must have for any first time parent who is intimidated by bath time with their newborn and/or infant.
Great transitional tub too!I received The First Year's Infant to Toddler tub as a shower gift.
It worked OK while we still had the sling in it but I have a large son (98% percentile) so he outgrew it very quickly.
I order this tub to replace it and with I had gotten this tub first!
He can lay on his tummy while it's in the sling position making it very easy to actually wash him without having to hold him up with both arms.
He can't sit up by himself yet but the walls are tall enough that he can prop himself up against them, or he can lounge and use the edges as a sort of pillow.
After bath time is over this hangs with a very sturdy hook to dry.
I have been using it 3-4 times a week for just about a month now and have had no problems at all with it getting a musty odor as others have mentioned.
I find that it actually dries fairly quickly.
Others have also complained about having to fill the whole tub in order to use this which it true.
It fills almost the whole tub anyways and I use the extra tub space to float toys for my son to reach for while on his tummy when it's flipped over to be more of a sling/lounge.
Overall it is definitely better than those hard plastic tubes and worth a shot.I wish I would've read the reviews more carefully that this thing doesn't hold water!
What a drawbak for me.. and I discovered this too late and wasn't able to return it.
You ahve to fill the whole tub with water and then the water that comes into the tub is used.
We have a smaller, newborn version of a Leachco bath product that looks the same so I knew what we were getting (it is only for a recline and now that our LO is 7.5 months old I wanted something she could sit in.
She likes the texture of it and the fact that she can squish it.
I was concerned about having her sit in the tub but with this I don't worry.
It was sent back after realizing it was soon to become a moldy mess.
Not worth the trouble or finding a place to store it.I wish I had this for my first kid.
For him, we had the Fisher Price Whale tub and he was always sliding to one side or another, which was nerve wracking.
It got a little smelly despite rinsing and air drying every use.
It takes over a day to dry, which means if you use it daily you can expect mold/mildew.We did find it useful around the house outside the tub.
If you ever need to lay your baby down somewhere secure and don't have time to prep it, this bath pad makes a handy pad that keeps your child in position.I have used this bath pad with both of my sons, one 2 and the baby is 6 months.
It's large enough that even my 99th percentile for height and weight 6 month old can fit with no problems.
First, I have read and tried a lot of the other items out there- the foam mats, slings, tubs....
I bought the euro tub and it may in the future be a good thing but not right now...The Safer Bather works like a contoured pillow/sponge.
It will support baby on a slight incline and will keep her from rolling off either side or down.
It was the most perfect thing to use when our daughter's belly button had not yet healed.Our daughter loved being placed on it when the warm water would press thru with her weight on the cushion.
i wouldn't dream of using anything else.
since the umbilical cord fell off, my baby has been using this in our adult bathtub.
he enjoys feeling like hes taking a bath even though the water level doesn't come past the point of the mat.
And I always washed it out and hung it up to dry after using it.
Other than that it was a big help.I read a lot of reviews about this thing and took to heart the complaints of mildew, etc.
Considering I live in the south, I was very hesitant to get this item.
But decided I'd try it anyway.
I'm very glad I did.Let it be known I use this mostly in the stuffiest bathroom in the house (its easier to warm for bathing an infant) and I have a BAD tendency to get distracted after the bath and come back hours later with a still soaked bather to pull out of the tub and hang somewhere to air dry.
I have had this thing months now.
I wash my baby every other day.
I'm lazy and hang the thing in the shower itself to dry.
Now, I absolutely love it!
My experience with the big, bulky, plastic tubs is that infants tend to slide down while bathing them.
Thus forcing you to have 4 hands instead of 2.
With this pad, it so easy for me or my husband to bath our son with out any assistance from the other.
My son, absolutely loves his bath pad.
While he has a tendency to pooh on it... it does wash up nicely.
I just drain it, then throw it in the washer.
HIGHLY recommend!
Can't wait to buy it as a shower gift for a friend!We have used this tub since his very first bath and he just loves it!
My infant son loves his baths thanks to this product.
He is safe, warm and cozy in this fabric cushion that literally dries faster than anything I've ever witnessed.
Just hang it up and it drips dries fast for no mess or mold.
GET THIS!
You and your baby will love it.I have been using this bather with my son for about 4 months.
A big drawback is that only part of him is in the water during a bath, so by the end of the bath he seems a little cold.
He has dry skin, so I make the bath as quick as possible anyway.
We don't have a place to hang dry the bather, so I lift it out of the tub and let all of the water run out.
When it stops dripping, I prop it up inside the tub so it can continue to dry.
From day one home from the hospital, our boy has enjoyed his time in the bath, and it's because he is so comfy on this pillow.
Who would want to sit in a hard molded plastic thing when you can sit on a pillow!I don't get all the good reviews of this product.
It does seem comfy for baby,but she does easily get cold in it.
There is n o way for baby to stay submerged in some water to stay warm.
There is a reason it's design has been around for years!
Now he LOVES the bath!
What a relief...
It holds him securely so that I can scrub away.
Keeps him warm and cozy the entire time.My daughter had her first sponge bath with this and it has worked great ever since.
We put it in her Eurobath tub and she doesn't slide at all.
Bathtime is so much fun for everyone.
No complaints.
We had previously been given a larger bathtub at our baby shower, but our baby was premature and the tub was WAY too big for her.
This tub fits her perfectly, supporting her upright and will work for months to come.The tub I purchased was a complete waste of money.
This was a lifesaver for when my boy couldn't sit up safely on his own.
It just needs to be rinsed out well and hung to dry in a well ventilated area to avoid it getting moldy.I have 3 boys, aged 4 and under, and it feels like I've tried every bathtub/ring/cushion on the market!
This is, by far, the absolute BEST bathtime product for babies aged newborn on up.
I bought this before my 3rd son was born.
He's used it from day one & it's great!
he stays cozy and warm--it reclines him comfortably, too.
I haven't had any problems with mildew like a previous review mentioned, and we've been using it for 9 months now.
Neither of my older 2 kids liked baths until they could sit up in the tub.
If only I had used the Safer Bather sooner!When I brought my little guy home I had a mesch infant chair for his bath to use in the sink.
He cried at every bath because he was cold.
Mother to be is excited about it, but we won't know the thoughts until its used, then I'll re-rate itI used this for my daughter 3 years ago and now for my son who was just born in March.
The things I love are:1.It keeps the water warm and the baby stays cozy.2.
It fits in my kitchen sink and allows baby's head to stay propped up.
For my daughter I put it in an infant sized tub where it fit beautifully.3.
Baby's head doesn't flop side to side in it.4.
Even if u wash it the mold doesnt go away.It also annoyingly soaks all the water.I wont recommend.This little bathtub is GREAT.
The Leachco bath pad fit the bill!
The bath pad absorbs water really well and seems comfortable for the baby in either a sitting position or a reclining position.
The Leachco is bigger than the Summer Infant Comfy Bath Sponge and seems to be made of higher quality materials.
(I put it in the washing machine per the instructions and it turned out fine.)
It is easy to dry between baths and I have had no issues with a mildew smell.
This has turned bath time into a fun and comfortable experience!I found that the idea of this bather was excellent.
I ended up using it as a cushion on the counter to dress her in.
I do not bath my baby without it.This is fits perfect inside my infant bathtub.
My babys head and ears stay safely out of the water.
We bought it for our first son 2+ years ago and just bought a new one for our new baby.
It is angled just enough so that his or her bottom half can be in a good amount of water (no one wants a cold, unhappy baby in the bath).
Plus by 1-2 years old you don't need it anymore anyways.
We washed it periodically anyways, just to keep it fresh.I 100% recommend this product!I bought this for my 2.5 month old who out grew his infant bath tub.
I've had it for about a month and haven't had any issues with mold like some of the other reviewers had reported.
Still using it with my first child, who's now 3 months.
The fact that it comes with a hanger helps a lot for drying.
Since it's soft you're able to easily reach spots without having to turn the baby too much.It IS pretty small though.
Now that my son's gotten bigger, his heels can hit the bottom of the tub, though he appears to enjoy this.
I tried one of those cheap sponge things from [a store], and it just mildewed and was disgusting after a VERY short period of time.
I went to babiesrus which is where I should have gone in the FIRST place and there this was.
The last one too!
Boy, I just don't know what I would have done without it.
Especially for a first baby and you're nervous about bathing anyway.
This thing keeps the baby warm, snug and safe in the baby tub or sink.
It just is a great thing and the baby loves it!
I try to buy one for every baby shower now but they usually run out at babies rus!
Great, great item!
One of the BEST parts is that it's WASHABLE!I registered for it because of all the great online reviews.
It is great!!
It is like a little raft in the tub.
The pillow cushions baby safely.
but it is fine to hang once some of the water is squeezed out.I purchased the Leachco Safer Bather for my daughter when she was expecting her first child.
I had loved the inflatible bathtub I had for her 30 years ago, and the Leachco Safer Bather looked like a significantly improved bath aid.
After using this several times, I can say it has both it pluses and minuses.The bath pad is quite soft and makes an excellent cradle to help hold your infant while bathing.
If you are a first-time parent, then this bath pad will definitely provide you an extra measure of security and allow you to feel more comfortable when bathing your infant.
The pad will sit nicely on a counter; we found it did slide a bit and put some of the waffle-hole padding that one uses to keep rugs from slipping underneath it.
Further, the cover picks up any lint in your washer, in addition to pilling some, so it must be washed alone.
I would suggest the manufacturer rethink the fabric on the covering and do something that would prevent immediate staining or provide instructions for removing stains.
The instructions say to soak it, but there are no suction pads on the bottom so that it can adhere to the tub's surface.
I put this in my kitchen sink (a large one) and put nice warm water just filled up enough to be comfortable.
I think I will try it again when he gets a little older but for little tiny babies,....not so much.
It's sitting in storage.My infant loves lounging for his bath!
Although our son still fits in the kitchen sink with it, we bought it along with the Primo baby tub and it's an ideal match together.The soft pillow protects our son's head and little body from the sink/tub.
There is a little sunken-in area for his little bottom and he LOVES to sit in it and splash around while we bathe him.
After the bath, we simply give it a squeeze and hang it in the shower to drip-dry overnight.
It can be machine washed but will pill-up if it goes through the dryer.
(still works beautifully, though.
)This is a FANTASTIC product to bring while traveling - it's allowed us to give him his bath while on vacation or at grandma's house.I HIGHLY recommend this product!I have used this product nearly every other day for over three months and it works well.
I could put less water in the tub but then she gets too cold too quickly.When my daughter was first born we bought a bath sponge in the shape of a bear that was about 2 inches thick.
For the first month or two while we bathed her in a baby bathtub it worked great.
But once we moved her into a big bathtub we realized we needed something more.This bath pillow elevates the head of the baby while giving her a lot of support throughout the body.
And the auquarium print on it is gender neutral.I just bought this because my daughter is getting too big for her plastic tub.
She loves it!
Dries quickly.
Highly recommend!I liked using this for my premiee baby girl once she grew out of her NICU bath at home but after a few months use it gave her a rash on her back.
I didn't think it was the bath pad giving her the rash until her 3 year old sister started to get the same rash on her bottom because she liked to sit on it after my baby girl got out.
My baby outgrew the baby bathtub sling a while ago and this is great.
It's so comfy for him and easy to manage.
No more filling the tub and breaking my back to carry it to the counter.
I just plop this thing down in the  bathtub and that's it.
I ended up bending a wire clothes hanger and using that as a hook to hang it up in the shower in order to let it drip dry.
Very easy.
I HATE IT!!!
I've gone through 3 bathing things so far - and this is my least favorite.
First, it doesn't have much elevation for newborns.
!I received this as a shower gift.
I squeezed this foam bathing pad out after every bath and hung it to air dry each time, using it once a week for my newborn.
It arrived sealed in plastic but when I attempted to use it for the first time black dirt seeped out.
I have attempted to wash it 3 times through the washing machine and still get black dirt.Our baby kept pooping in it, and it's hard to clean out when that happens.
Also, when it gets waterlogged it's very heavy.I received this as a baby shower gift.
Also easy to wash his hair with him laying in this.
Well worth the price!Our babies love this pillow so much, they don't want to get out of the tub.
I purchased the safer bather and sat in the bath tub with her... she loved it!
Now we are making the transition to the Eurobath, which I recommend now that she's a little bigger.
We have always cleaned and hung to dry, but we live in a warm climate and clearly the mildew grows inside of the mat unless you have professional drying equipment.
Our baby is now six months and has an ongoing and painful looking rash on his back where it has been touching the bath pad.BOTTOM LINE: If you plan to buy 10 pads (for $250??)
and treat them like disposable items - polluting the landfills and throwing your money away in the process - then this pad is wonderful, but for all of the sane people out there, please do not make the same mistake we did.
We are so sorry we bought this pad.This has worked out great for our infant son so far.
The only things that bother me are the way hairs get trapped in the material (usually mine) and how the material has gotten stretched out at the top from the weight of the water as it's being hung up to dry.
I don't looooove the print, but it's cute enough.
We've had no mold issues but I've noticed that sometimes there seems to be a dark/questionable spot because of a trick of light on the filling inside (the fabric is slightly see-through).Pro:-Spongy holding around your baby to create more safety if bathing baby in ceramic sink.Con:-Always need 2 adult to bath your baby.
Than remove to somewhere under the sunlight during the day time, to get it complete dry out for next bath.
The baby seems to love his baths though so 3 stars...This worked for giving our newborn sponge baths, but I ended up getting a tub with a newborn insert when it came time for giving real baths.
Overall, I wouldn't buy it again.If you are a soon-to-be parent who is as nervous about bathing your newborn as I was, this is for you!
This cushioned seat perfectly positions your baby for sponge baths.
It is contoured to keep your baby in place and provide cushion and support for her head.
It kept my baby comfortable long enough to get her clean.
I only give it four stars because unlike some parents, I do not think this product is best for water baths.
I found that when I tried to use it in the kitchen sink it soaked up A LOT of water and had to be washed to prevent mildew.
Although it is machine washable, it does get those fuzzy little pills of cloth attached to it, which are a pain to pull off.
Also, I don't see how a baby much older than a month can fit in it, as it is very small.
I have it away rather than returning it.
I wanted something that would deflate and take up little space.
I definitely would not recommend this item.Works really well in the tub... holds the baby secure, absorbs water so it stays warm and dries pretty quickly.
its soft and cushy and baby doesn't slide around.
my daughter is 10 months old and still uses it.
she has used it since day oen.
i wouldn't go with any other tub.
safest tub you can buy.it does hold a lot of water, but as long as you hang it to dry, it is fine.
drys overnight when its hung up.
We love it!This was a bathtime must have for us!
It was comfy and made bathing her and washing her hair so easy.
It has a hook to hang it to dry which is also handy.
Great product.Love this products.
Baby tubs are so silly, overpriced and dont use them very long.
The only con is it takes a while to dry and finding somewhere good to hang it can be a pain.
It's a great size for bathing our daughter in the sink comfortably.I started out with an infant tub & one that has an insert to lay the baby on.
The plastic arm kept collapsing, dumping my week old baby in the water, even though I had a hand on him at all times.
It wouldn't stay up.
I bought this as a replacement.
It sits directly on the bottom of the tub & I only run enough warm water to submerge his bottom & legs.
It does get a mildew smell if it doesn't dry properly, but that's solved by washing it every week or so on gentle cycle.
Once he's able to sit up, I'll go back to the infant tub (without the insert).
I use it in large sink and now tub.
Its comfy for her to lay on while I sponge her with soap and rinse her.
This one must be hung inside the tub for a while before you can do anything with it because it is sooo wet.
It also gets very flat so baby's head isn't elevated enough.I got this awhile ago for my first son.
it was a great idea, and he loved it, but man did it STINK!
no matter where or how soon I hung it up to dry.
outside, inside, febreezed... any of it.
we've since switched to theSummer Infant Fold N' Store Tub Time Bath Slingand it's been through 2 kids and I'm about to use it for one more.
blech!
don't waste the money, you'll end up buying something else anyway!It soaks up so much water and takes to long to dry.
We have used it both in the sink and the bathtub.
Due to the size you do need a larger sink.
It has worked perfectly- it cradles the baby while still allowing the water to surround him or her.
It does absorb water during the bath which must be drained out of it but it is so comfy and there is nothing hard or slippery which was important to me because wet babies are slippery enough.
I also like that you could use this to give a sponge bath before the cord falls off.
Lastly, I love that it is made in America.With a newborn it is very hard to give a bath in one of those plastic tubs or the sink because I had to try and hold his head for him and somehow really get in between all of his folds.
Those were too hard for me and I ended up just giving him spnge baths while he lied on a towel.This bath pad is perfect!
(I have washed it several times and always hang it dry after the bath----but it does seem to have a mildew smell after a couple baths.)
I'm thinking of putting it in the sun to help.
It still is great though!This simplified bathing our baby by 100 times.
The baby seems to enjoy bathing more too, as the material absorbs warm water and is soft and secure feeling.
After we are done, my husband rinses and rings the bather for it to dry.
I have thrown the bather in the washer a few times too with no problems.
It did develop a mildew smell after awhile but a soak in diluted vinegar in the baby's tub for a couple of hours kills all the smell.
Great product.I was startled when I pulled this out of the box because it was so much bigger than I thought it would be.
I saw the pictures other people posted of their babies using this in the sink, and figured I could do the same.
So I was initially disappointed that I had to use this in the tub with a 2-wk-old baby -- but I loved it almost as soon as I tried it.
The material holds in water and stays warm.
It's easy to squeeze out and hang up to dry on the shower rod (though it takes until the next day to get completely dry).
I haven't had any issues with it getting smelly, after 4 months of twice-a-week use.
But the directions on the tag clearly tell you how to wash it, if it does start to smell.
Now that my daughter's bigger and her feet reach past the bottom, she loves kicking her feet in the water.
I think I'm going to start gifting these to pregnant friends.I used the Safer Bather until my baby was about 5 or 6 months old, but I set it inside a larger inflatable baby bath tub (Munchkin inflatable bath duck I bought at a local drug store).
As squirmy as my baby was, I didn't see how I could just use the Safer Bather by itself.
It worked fairly well putting it inside a bigger baby tub.
This works well in a kitchen sink too, when babies are tiny enough to fit in there!
I've lowered the stars and edited my review.
There are links to similar ones hereSummer Infant Mother's Touch Deluxe Baby Bather, Blueand hereSummer Infant Mother's Touch Large Comfort Bather, Bubble FishI used this to wash my baby in the sink until she was about three months old and no longer fit.
I still use it occasionally to lay her on the bathroom floor when she won't let me get ready in peace :) It does get moldy so needs to be washed and it has started to pill but it served it's purpose.My baby didn't like baths so this was a huge help.
With this, he could lie down comfortably while I clean him up, I don't have to worry about him slipping around.
It fits our sink perfectly and while the color has started to fade but it still serves its purpose.
I used it a few times and then that was it.
I'm heading over to Moms.com right now to recommend it.
Then off to Weespring!Good sponge, compared to the 5$ one we got.
Much more fluffy.
But takes a while to dry.
We bathe every night and hang it in the tub in between to dry - which it does!
He's still getting use to taking a bath and he cried much louder in a normal tub.
Now he hangs out and only cries once I start washing his hair.
It dries quickly and easily (I just hang it in the shower).
Then I started thinking... how long am I going to need it for?
and after that where in the world am I going to store this huge plastic tub??
That's when I started searching for a solution - this was it!
It fit in our kitchen sink perfectly and when our little one grew out of the sink we used the pad in the bath tub.
It was easy to ring out real quick and I just hung it up in the tub to dry out.
The only thing I don't like is that after using it so much the fabric has sort of stretched out a bit from hanging (it's heavy with the water in it).
It's really not a big deal though because it is still fully functional.
Now that my little one doesn't use the pad anymore, I've dried it out and it hangs in the closet until the next kid (?).
My friends are wondering why they got this huge plastic tub they only used for a few months...I had used a foam pillow for my son so when I saw this I was thrilled.
Always used it by/in the sink until her cord fell off and now she will always be in the 'big bath' so no 'new fear' to conquer when she is older and when we travel how EASY it is to take with us!Wouldve been perfect from newborn up.
My son is 29inches long and 19lbs; wish it was a bit bigger but it still holds my son and hes getting used to kicking them legs and spashing in the water while i wash him; which is good.. i like this better than the big bulky plastic tubs.This was a great concept, however once you put this in the water dont expect to be able to move it.
Its to heavy.
It offers no support.
It takes 3 days to dry out and is so thick you cant squeeze the water out.
When you hang this to dry, it feels like a ton of bricks.
It is also a very scratchy material.
Once this gets wet, water gets around babies head.
Also, when added to tub of water, the water soaks into the material but doesnt stay warm.
Baby is left on top very cold.
It makes it convenient for sponge baths too!
I &#9829; this thing!this product is exactly what it says it is.
I wanted something that I could  bathe my new baby on next to my three-year-old in the tub.
I wouldn't have been able to use more than 2 inches of water with this.
I used it until she was about 6 months.
The only thing that I didn't like as much was when she got to be about 4.5-5 months she would slip down and I would have to keep re-positioning her.
But that didn't bother me too much.
They have a Dr. Seuss theme for the baby's room and for the baby.
This bath pad was delivered safely, and on time.
There is a Cat in the Hat hooded towel and wash cloths that can be bought along with the bath pad to make a complete Dr. Seuss bath set.
It goes well with their chosen theme.
I used the same pillow with all three of my kids.
It has help up well for 7 years.
I also used this in the sink.
I like that because it is spongy, it holds warm water longer.
So far as tubs go, I tried putting my infant in a tub with a sling, and the sling was too narrow and didn't give enough.
And they hold the babies so high out of the water, they get cold quick.
It was so stiff, I felt like he was going to fall off of it.
I also don't like tubs with baby stoppers in them - the bump that their bottoms sit on to keep them from sliding down.
FP has one in their ocean wonders line.
It dries easily and is convenient to store (there's a hook for you to hang the bath pad).
It is thick and soft and feels comfy.
I did put this in the washing machine, which I shouldn't have because after that one time machine wash, it started showing wear as if the bath pad has been used for a long time.Before I bought this, I read the reviews and saw that some people had mold issues.
After 5 months straight of using it and loving it, it finally started to smell moldy.
So I tossed it with 100% satisfaction that I got great use out of it.
I ordered another one - but after just a week or so, the mold started.
Perhaps it's hit or miss?I just used this bather for the first time last night and I must say that I love it!!
My now 4 month old daughter has just outgrown her infant tub, and since she doesn't have her own bathroom yet, I wanted to get something that was easy to store.
This was our answer!
I just fill the tub of with warm water and let it lay in it, in order for it to absorb the water, while I undress her.
I lay her in it and wala, she doesn't move!!!
She can still splash her feet which is great!
After bathtime, just wring and hang on the shower rod.
How easy is that?!
Of course, since I've only used it once I haven't had any problems with mold, but I plan on washing it everyweek, so I hope that helps.
EW!!
I have washed it weekly and dried it after every bath but still mildew!
I do think that it was fine for the transitional period, but my now 6.5 month old daughter will be using an inflatable tub and this will be tossed!We had one of these for our first baby.
Now that #2 is on the way, I purchased another.
Our bathroom counter has two sinks, so their isn't enough counter space for a standard plastic baby tub.
We have a two-story home, and don't want to lug baby bath stuff down to the kitchen, only to trek back upstairs to the bedroom.
This works great.
It keeps baby secure, fills with warm water, is inexpensive and doesn't take up a lot of space.
However, we wrung it out as much as possible after use, and hung it from the shower head, so it could drip dry and had air circulation.What a fantastic product!
My little Luca is 10 months old and I still use it!
Before baby can sit up, you actually use this tub "upside down."
Baby lays on it!
Washing hair on this is great!
This is 100% NOT slippery!
No more having to hold baby with one arm and wash with the other arm!
You WILL finally enjoy giving your baby a bath!When baby can sit up, turn this around and it is like well, my 7 year old calls it a "tubby, boaty, floaty thing."
It offers a fantastic barrier or cushion all around your baby.
I found that my little guy was happy to recline even on the "boat" side!Clean up is a snap but you MUST maintain this to keep it fresh.
After baby's bath, just shake it out and hang it up.
I keep mine on the shower head or shampoo rack!
I am a freak about baby's things being clean and fresh and am thrilled with this product!I bought this for our infant son after reading the glowing reviews on this site.
People are right!
This is a must-have!
We've used this for about four months now and it makes bathing our baby so simple.
The Safer Bather also dries very easily.
It's also nice because I can spray it with warm water before I put him on it and it will retain the warmth so it's not a cold shocker on him.
Comfy for my little one, easy to use, and dries fast.
I'd definitely recommend it to anyone.My grandson loves his bather.
This light weight bather, comes with a handle to hang and dry after use.
Shapes to infants body cushions baby.
Love thisI like this a lot and so does my son.
He has been a very long baby since birth and quickly grew out of the new born sling.
He is now sitting up on it and it is still great.
If you put too much water in the tub it will float up.
Getting the water out is easy just swing back and forth for most of it then hang to drip dry.
Hubby put a hook high on the shower wall to hang to dry.
Perfect for long legged babys.The safer bather is the BEST baby bath aid out there!
It's soft but not squishy, contoured so baby dosn't roll off, small and easy to store, machine washable, and babies love it!
What else could you ask for?
I don't know how anyone could choose one of those big, clunky tubs over this.
***UPDATE***Almost 3 years, two kids and many baths later this safer bather is still getting used and works just like it did when it was new!I initially got this as I was reading the reviews people now being able to bath their little one by themselves.
I was in that boat at 9 weeks it still took me and my husband to bath our son.
So I ordered it... We were in a plastic tub...
The first day we got it was bath night.
So my husband and and I went upstairs.
I had him stand back to see if I could do it by myself, and 15 minutes later I had finally bathed my 9 weeks old son...
It isn't the cutest thing but it works wonders.
If you are trying to use a big plastic tub or are on a one inch thin bath sponge, make the switch, it is completely worth it.It doesn't float and it doesn't stay submerged.
I use this with the Infant to Toddler Bath by Evenflo and the combo works great.
I used this product until my baby was able to sit up.
I have another one on the way, and am going to use this all over again with her.
A must have; I highly recommend.After moving out of the baby bath into the big boy tub, this cushion (plus a no slip mat) made bath time much less stressful.
I started using this when my son was about 6 months (could have started even a bit sooner) and can see using it for many months to come.
Definitely the way to go when you are ready to transition to the big tub.Works very well for a newborn.
Our baby is 7 weeks old and this is great so he doesn't slip onto the water and get water in his ears.
Just what we were looking for.
I have a 3 month old and have basically used the plastic tub a total of 3 times.
This pillow keeps my son safe and comfortable, it dries up really well and he can also lie in it on the bathroom floor while I fill the tub.
Well worth the money!I like this infant bath pad because it holds my son well, has ample cushion, is soft, and easy to use.
I love this bath pillow.
I used it when my 3 year old was a newborn and now I am using it for my new baby.
It perfectly cradles the baby during bath time...even the tiniest of babies.
We used it with my oldest son well past his first birthday.
Once he was sitting on his own we would simply have him sit on it.
We always dried it out by hanging it in the shower after the bath.
I bought it for a baby shower so I don't know yet how the mother and baby likes it, but I think they will.
Very soft with a convenient hang-up hook so it can dry.
Seems to be made well.
I wish I had something like this when my son was a baby!I bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended.
It does elevate the baby more than the yellow sponge, but I had a few things I didn't like about it.
The water it soaks up makes it very heavy.
Second, if you don't have all of the water wrung out of it, and don't completely submerge it into the warm water at the next bath, when the baby lays on it some of the cold water comes out and makes the baby cold.
For the longest time I couldn't figure out why my son screamed every time I laid him on the Safer Bather, and then one day I felt the cold water coming up out of it as I was bathing him.
He prefers to be IN the warm water rather than on top of it.I registered and received the Safer Bather as a shower gift.
I gave birth to my daughter in January and have been using this product since day 1.
It's now 5 months later and we are still using the Bather.
The bathtub does get heavy when it is full of water, however, if you let the water drain from the tub 1st and then hang the Safer Bather in the shower (with its included hanger) it drains and dries very nicely.I highly recommend this product, it is so worth it!!!
!Finally I can bathe my son alone without waiting for my husband to come home to help me.
You Definitley have to submerge the bath pad in the warm water to prevent cold spots where they lay.
Once you do, it works great.
My son is 3 months and we are still using it.My daughter started out with the newborn end of the Primo Eurobath, but baby + soapy water + plastic adds up to a seriously slippery adventure.
On a whim, I picked up the Infant Bath Pad and slipped it into the Eurobath behind her back -- PERFECT.
She sat much more upright (but still softly cradled), and on the occasions we put her in the grown-up tub, she has an ideal, elevated cushion.
I was trying to avoid buying a bunch of bulky baby items that would require storing between baby births.
So I opted for this for our first baby.
It is so light weight and small so it's easy to store away until our next baby needs it.
It worked great for just laying in our regular bathtub and you can just hang it on the shower head to dry.
It comes with a hook to hang it up.
I would definitely recommend it.This bather has made bath time so easy.
I struggled for 2.5 months with the sponge then the infant tub, sling on and sling off.
How frustrating they all were.
I couldn't keep my son warm and he slid all around when inside the infant tub.
I was terrified.
This product has been great.
I give it a thorough rinse in HOT water then wring it out and hang it over the tub.
It dries pretty quickly.
Within a few hours I can move it to the closet so it doesn't interfere with my shower space.I got this as a shower gift and I don't know what I'd do without it.
It helps with sponge bathing newborns and it keeps the baby warm when water is poored over it.
I lay it on the bathroom counter and fill tHE sink with water.
I like the hook on the top so it's easy to hang up to air dry over the shower head.
Excellent product!
I LOVE this bath mat.
It is so easy to use and store.
It is soft and my baby loves laying on it.
When you are done with the bath, just squeeze the water out and hang it on the shower head to dry.
Done and out of the way.I bought this pad after reading all the rave reviews on Amazon.
So far, it has been great!
The first couple of baths that I gave my newborn (now 2.5 month old) were in the plastic Primo Eurotub.
This bath sponge tub is great.
She loves to kick and splash with her feet while in the other tubs she would squirm and start to cry.If the sponge tub starts to smell after awhile (mine did after 3 months) try to put it in the washer and then hang it in a well ventillated area.
The top part that is bulkier is flatting out, and because my daughter kicks so much in the tub it still slides some.
I just washed it today and it's all bent out of shape and feels as if the foam inside has ripped on one side, and there are now a bunch of "pills" all over it.
I gave it 3 stars because I never encountered any musty smell at all, and it is better than nothing.
I would simply rinse, wring and hang it after each use.
Hope this helps.We originally got aPRI EuroBath, Pearl Whitebut quickly realized it would take up about half of our small apartment bathroom.
We got this instead and love it!
I use it in our tub (we don't have a large enough kitchen sink) and have done so since our son was born.
We still use it now and he is almost 6 months.
In addition, since the pad is like a giant sponge, it keeps baby warm while you are bathing him.
Also easy to just hang in the bath to dry.Great product!
Highly recommend!really not ideal for safety.
It's flat and goes on the bottom of the tub.
However, this advertised as "no tip over" which is another reason I bought it.
I was disappointed that on the first time trying it, my child tipped it over and the food went everywhere.
I contacted Baby Bjorn to clarify.
Here is what they said:"BABYBJ&Ouml;RN and Plastic Safety: When it comes to the material used in the production of our products, we put significant effort into finding materials that meet our high standards of quality and safety.
To guarantee the safety of our plastic products, all BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Kitchen and Bathroom products are tested by Specialized Technology Resources (STR), an independent global provider of quality assurance testing.
All plastics used in the production of our Kitchen products fulfill the demands of the European (EEC),and the American (FDA) Standard for plastics, and are classified as food-safe.
Through testing, all of our Kitchen products have been designated PVC-free, phthalates-free and lead-free.
BPA is an industrial chemical that is used to manufacture polycarbonate plastic.Polycarbonate plastic is the plastic that has caused considerable recent controversy because of its use in baby bottlemanufacturing and because it has been proven to leach BPA.
More specifically, the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN plate is made of ABS (Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene) plastic which is certified BPAfree.
While both polycarbonate and ABS, along with other plastics, have a recycling designation of "7", there is no knownhealth risk associated with ABS.
The plate can be easily picked up.
Plus the plate is too large and fits awkwardly on our highchair (we have a boon high chair that we love love!)
I do however, really like the spoons.
I recommend you measure your tray and see the dimensions on this plate-- it's a bigger plate than most baby plates.In every other way, this is a great set.
Spoons are well designed, fit in kids' hand.
The plate is very much like a dog bowl.
Also the spoon is plastic so it has lots of bite marks.
If i were to do it all over again, i would just get the spoons.
Spoons are great for 9m+ especially for soupy foods.
They are orange now.
To be honest, you'll be fine with the munchkin metal and plastic set for $4.
I have those and toddler is fine with that, too.
and believe I've tried with others and he doesn't like it.
The sides of the bowl are deep, which helps for scooping food onto the spoon when she is self-feeding.
They've held up well in the dishwasher and have survived being thrown on the tile floor.This plate and spoons set has been great for us.
Our daughter loves having her own plate, and we take it everywhere - restaurants, vacations, friends' homes.
It is non-slip and very stable, but not unmoveable by a determined child.
The spoons are so cute, and very easy to use.
But for twenty dollars give or take, it is wildly overpriced because what it does NOT do is stay put on the high chair tray.
The spoons that it comes with are easy to hold but a little wide for my son's mouth at this point.I went BabyBjorn crazy and bought a lot of their product line once my daughter was old enough to start using it.
I think that their line is "Ok" but not the greatest overall.
I actually bought 2 of this set.
This set comes with 2 spoons (black and pink) and 1 pink dish.
Great colors.
The spoon fits well in my 15 months hand and mouth and she likes it.
I have to hold the plate as she eats because the bowl moves with slight force.
Not so.
I was very concerned about it being plastic but it is NOT #7 (hard plastic) and is free of BPA.
Hard plastic and #7 plastics are the ones we need to stay away from though all plastic is questionable.
This set is "ok" as she learns to eat from a bowl with a spoon, but then it's quickly on to a non plastic dish.
Still looking for stainless steel baby bowl.
Please DO NOT put ANY plastic in a microwave especially food for your baby.
I like that it doesn't have sections because a lot of times my daughter is eating something like macaroni and peas that doesn't need to be sectioned.
If you child continually picks it up either decide the plate isn't developmentally appropriate yet and try later or enforce a no pick up rule (which I did and yes 10 month old babies can understand what no means).
The thing I don't like about the plate is that it claims to have a rubber base which I envisioned as the whole bottom being rubber but it's actually only the outer edge so it does slide a bit.
Just an FYI don't cut anything in it with a sharp knife as it does make scratch marks.
I haven't had any staining problems and I've served spaghetti and blackberries in it several times (I hand wash it after every meal).I loved this design even before I became a mother.
The staining aspect that only comes off with my nail scratches, is a no no...He plays with the spoons all the time.
Haven't used the bowl yet, but I can tell it will work great.
I can get a good amount of food on it and it easily goes into her mouth because the edges are thin.This bowl is cute and difficult for my daughter to lift and throw.
Also, the color 'frame' has a rubber edge on the bottom, preventing it from slipping or being pushed around the table.
We were surprised that some reviewers thought it was cheap-feeling.
It is sturdy and high quality, what one would expect for the high-ish price; made in Sweden.
Not ugly like most baby stuff made these days.
The edges are design in a way that the food doesn't dance around while my toddler is trying to scoop it.
I also love the look of the plate and spoons.
I just un-snap the 2 pieces wash them and snap them back together when they are dry.
Ummmmm, DUH!!
then yes, they will be able to pick it up.
That is just common sense.
My son, 18 months old, is still able to pick it up off the table and dump it out.
I love to use it as a shallow bowl for cereal, where my son can scoop things from it easily, but for dinner it doesn't have compartments and thus all the food runs together in one pile.Baby can easily hold and feed herself with these spoons -- they are great.
A little pricey but I think worth it.My 10 month old easily lifted this off his high chair tray.
Maybe he is too young for it.My son is 13 months now and this is his regular plate now.
He can still flip it over but it works better than the oxo and boon plate.These are my baby's all-time favorite spoons.
These are the reasons I bought it.
The spoons are very ergonomic for a toddler, but the bowls of the spoons are a bit large for their small mouths.
The cloverleaf design does appear to assist her in getting food onto the spoon, rather than chasing it all over the plate.
My baby loves to watch this mobile turn and the hesitation helps him to focus and study the images.
It helps them from getting tired of it.
Great product!
!It's a very simple design that aesthetically blends right in with her white crib.
It's got lots of variety for the baby with the characters that spin around and the two types of music and white noise.
The remote control is so key, too!
Our daughter loves the bright colored animals, and I love how it is so multi-functional.
She LOVES the toys that rotate on this, and as she has gotten older upon waking she is even smiling and &quot;talking&quot; to them without them moving she likes the mobile so much!
At night we put it on one rotation with the ocean sound and &quot;knock on wood&quot; she always falls asleep NO JOKE.
We rarely if ever use the remote, but it does work.
The music is a little tinny for my husband and I, but she absolutely adores it.
The way the music/waves fade is great at bedtime.
And the way the mobile pauses to let little eyes focus is just right.
My now 10 week old daughter loves it.
The remote control works up to four feet, which is enough to activate it again from the bedroom door.
The swivel arm is great, moving it out of the way.There are a few drawbacks though.
The biggest drawback is that if you accidentaly bump into the moblie it makes a lot of noise, with all the plastic pieces having little balls inside, to wake the baby.
But, i still highly recommend this mobile, just be careful not to bump into it or the crib while the baby is sleeping.We love this!
Our six month old now has the animals on the mobile and uses the others as toy rattles.
Once she outgrows it, it can be just a music box.
After her naps we turn this on and she plays in her crib for 10 minutes or so.
Works great.
Batteries lasted a while and even then the mobile worked but we changed the batteries because it stopped responding to the remote.
Remote works from across the room as long as it can hit the receiver.
Not as cute as some of the wind up ones, but WAY more functional and much nicer than those weird symphony ones and their strange shapes and toys.This is a great mobile.
And i like the remote, though i don't usually have to use it because it plays long enough for her to fall asleep.
As far as the reviewer who said it doesn't fit the crib, that is valid.
It doesn't fit the top rail of our crib, but we just put the mobile flat against the slats in the crib and screwed the other side through the slats.
I wasn't very impressed.
If the cost to return the item wouldn't have been so much I would have returned them immediately.
They can be used with much effort but the securing device is too low on the babies to be safe.I got this for my son when we visit friends and family so we don't have to drag his high chair along.
We ended up having to buy a real booster seat anyway.
Our son is 3 years old and it doesn't seem appropriate to have him in a high chair or a booster that clips on the table.
But he is still too small to sit at the table in an adult chair.
This works great for the size & I like that it's portable.
I just wish you could remove the seat belt.
My son is too big for the seat belt.PROS:-Compact (less bulky than the floppy seat)-Inconspicuous to carry-You don't have to deflate it every time if you don't want to.
As is, it is unsafe.
We had to tie the back strap to in a knot to keep it from coming loose, then struggle with untying the knot when it was time to leave the restaurant.
Unfortunately, had to return.We had our First Years Booster Seat for 10 years before the straps that hold the seat to the chair snapped from being pulled (by my husband).
We used it through 3 kids and just had another (baby), so we had to get a new one.
I expect we'll have this chair for at least 2 grandkidds too since this baby will be our last.This booster seat folds up compactly for travel and is easy to bring along.
You can pull the straps through the handle to make a shoulder strap.
It is definitely for older babies.
My ten month old sits in it and eats fine, but his weight can easily shift.
The fabric on the side provides no support.
This meets that criteria and was the right price for infrequent use.
I followed the instructions to allow the seat to expand overnight, and after that it inflated and deflated easily.
Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase.This was great in when we traveled in the hotel.
It worked okay, but didn't feel as secure as I would have liked.
We traveled again at 18 months and after the first day I didn't bother with it at all and just let him sit at the table in a regular chair (he's tall for his age).
It's easy to blow up, and folds up small.
We take it on trips and attach it to any chair.
She loves sitting in it.
We use it on our balcony as well when we sit outside and she can sit with us.
Easy to install2.
Inflates without any effort.3.
Compact and easy to carry.CONS: (which outweighed by a lot the PROS)1.
Extremely unsteady.
It actually did!2.
It doesn't fit well in every chair.
Depending on the dinning room chair size you will be able to use this booster or not.3.
After constant use the chair doesn't stay inflated.Overall, don't waste your money on this booster seat!
Eventually they outgrew the Bumbos and I was either stuck holding them or had to drag my highchairs with me.Then a friend recommended these travel boosters when someone gave her one for Christmas.
I looked into them and decided to give them a try.
Maybe the size of a large, flat lunch box?
It wasn't wobbley or anything.
It strapped in tight....granted it was a square chair seat and back.
Ideal.It was way more sturdy than I thought it was going to be.
Unless they hit a massive growth spurt and work their way up the percentage chart I could see them using this booster well after 2yrs old.
But again, they are on the slender, small size.The second thing is the seat has small crevices which are a pain to clean smushed food out of.
I took note of this after the first use and now cover the seat with a tea towel before strapping in the kiddos.Overall - LOVE.
I will definitely recommend to a friend.Bought this when we were going on vacation and renting a house.
We knew the place wouldn't have a highchair or booster, so we bought this.
It packs small and light and does the job.
My son was 13 months when we first used it.
We keep it in our car for times we might need it now.It does its job.
No issues with the connector.
Our doorway was too wide and this worked out perfectly.
Great.This extension fit our first years hands free gate perfectly.
But it isn't, and doesn't, and took literally seconds to snap onto the gate.
This extension is great.
It works.
It just slides right into the gate.
No assembly required.This is just what we needed to get our gate to fit in our large doorway.
These fit perfectly.
They don't compromise the sturdiness of the gate at all, and blend in nicely with the rest of the gate.We needed these for both our baby gates which don't seem to come wide enough to cover a normal hallway, but this extension works perfectly and we haven't had any problems with it in over a year of everyday use.
My daughter even grabs the rails and shakes them everyday and it has held up without becoming loose.We bought two of these extensions for the Hands Free Gate that we use for our triplets that just turned a year old.
This gate including extensions are a lifesaver!
You can read my review on the gate as well, lol.
The extensions are very easy to add and very sturday.
It is just what it states, an extension.
It keeps it just as strong as sturdy!
Worth the money!This fit just perfectly in our stairway space.
Did order the larger one and realized it was a tad too big.
Once you put it on there you will forget it's an attachment and just think the gate was made that way.This work ok...
I didn't like how it fits and it should be included in the gate.
I was much happier with the Summer Extra Tall GateWe had to buy this with the Hands Free Gate because our stairway was just a smidge to wide for the gate itself.
The only issue we have come across is that the bottom bar on the gate and the extension bowed a little, we believe it is because of our shoe molding and the way our walls are, we fixed it by putting 2 little pieces of wood under the bottom bar and so far that has fixed our issue.
Other than that the extension is great.
It used to be kinda wobbly and I found myself tightening it every few days.
I is sooooooooooooooooo much sturdier.I bought this because I wanted a carrier for short trips instead of always hauling a stroller.
My daughter screamed whenever she was in it or she made her body very stiff like she was scared beyond belief.
We thought about buying the Baby Bjorn, but I think it's too expensive for a carrier that we won't use that much anyways.
It does start hurting your back after a while(30-40 minutes or so), but it didn't bother me that much.
The EuroRider has more padding, which helps a lot, but cost twice as much as the CozyRider(we bought it gently used though!!
)So, bottom line, this is a great carrier for its price - easy to adjust and our baby loves it.
If you plan on hiking or wearing it for longer periods of time, you might want to look into a carrier with more padding(like the Euro Rider or Baby Bjorn).
I recomend it.This is my 4th carrier.
My son is 3 months old, 17 pounds.
I have a sling, a hip sling and a snuggli-the stripped down model.
I bought it used, without instructions.
I had no trouble figuring out how to use it.
There are a number of adjustments to be made, but you only have to do it once, until your baby grows enough to move to the next setting.
I made all the adjustments myself, with my baby in the carrier.
there are little buckles and velcro on the sides that you can undo to get baby in and out.
I like that I didn't have to force my baby's feet into the holes, there is plenty of room for even big chunky thighs.
I love that I could adjust everything to fit my baby perfectly.
The carrier is soft and cozy.
My baby felt safe and secure.
The only comparable brands cost more than 3 times as much.
My husband still could use it till the babies hit about 15lbs, but this time around, we just went for the baby bjorn.
I actually had my child with me in our huge &quot;convertible&quot; carrier, and saw a woman with her infant in the Infantino.
It works nicely facing in or out, which is not true of most other brands.
WIDE STRAPS THE WHOLE WAY AROUND!
Most carriers pad the child, and then leave very thin, abrasive nylon straps to bite into your shoulders and sides.
Not Infantino.
CHEAP!
You could pay a fortune for one of those fancy oversized Scandanavian carriers with all the buckles, but why?Minus side: Small size.
Excellent for 0-4 months, kind of pushing it from 4-6.
Burp cloth is a joke, tiny and fastened on with small velcro dots.
Rips off if the kid tugs on it.
I tossed the one that came with ours, and started using a cloth diaper.
Baby feels really comfortable in it and falls asleep.
You need two people to get her in it- that's the only downside.
But once she's in it, she's super comfy!I had bought this for my son when he was a few months old.
We lived in an apartment complex on the second floor, so it was crazy to drag him and teh stroller down stairs.
I had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy.
It worked great at first.
When he turned 4 months old I had problems.
I was packing the car to go on a trip with him in it.
IT was TOO tight around his stomach that he spit up in teh back of our SUV.
With him in it I couldn't even put two fingers between him and the carrier.
Never used it sinceThis was an amazing find for my granddaughter!
I use a phlilips avent steamer sterilizer for the bottle part only, and I thought I had warped it somehow so that it leaks from the sides.
:(- the flow is just too fast.
I tried this sippy cup when my son was 6 months and he kept choking cause the flow was just too fast for him.
I tried a few more times at 10 months old, the flow is just still too fast he ends up either choking or having his shirt soaked with water.It's a cute cup, I hope it's just a matter of bad quality control only and others have better luck with this.I give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with Avent.
My Grandson, at 8 months, is completely off the bottle and is taking formula, juice, and water from his "sippy cup".
The transition was easy.
As such, when the transition came we simply switched over to the Avent 9-ounce Magic Trainer.
It took a little while, but the transition was easy and it's now the only bottle he uses.
No problems.
I recommend the First Years Clean & Simple, valve free!
sippy cups.
They don't offer them on Babies R Us online but the do have them in the store.
They have them in 3 sizes , with handles and they don't leak!
EVER!
When making the purchase do it right the first time.
Not like me 4 sets later :o(I love the whole Avent system!
These are great sippy cups, in large part because all Avent pieces are modular and fit each other.
So, if you have been using Avent bottles, you can put the sippy cup tops and handles on the bottles.You can pop out the magic valve that makes this a sippy cup and fit in the nipple from the bottle.
Or, you can take the collars from your bottles and fit the magic valve in it.
Especially since you have so many ways to fit the sippy cup together if you have already been using Avent bottles.These cups leak like crazy!
I took pictures of them leaking.
I will be uploading them into amazon's product picture page, we'll see if it's approved.
There is a hole at the base of the nozzle, right where it meets the colored plastic.
I don't know why the hole is there, but all of the cups have this design flaw.
Don't waste your money on these cups.
I've tried gerber cups and those were a lot better.This was the first sippy cup that my boy used and its still his favorite, even though he can drink from just about any sippy cup now.
Recently, I discovered that I could use the nipple and handle on regular Avent bottles that we already had.
This was great for when I fell behind on doing dishes...
I simply rinsed the nipple attachment and put it on the Avent bottles.
It also allowed us to bring along a few different drinks on trips and simply move the nipple/handle to the different drinks depending on what he wanted.I've not had a problem with leaking or losing parts...
It has like three peices?
Leaking hasn't been an issue at all, in fact these were the only type I had that didn't leak.
If you forget the valve, they will leak.I particularly like the spout design which allows him to drink without getting solids into the cup.
When he drank during his meals with the Gerber cup, all sorts of particles would end up in the cup.
Not so with this one.I will first admit that there are additional parts to these cups that need to be washed, but since we used Dr. Brown's bottles, I was used to a few pieces.The soft spout on these cups is great, and made transitioning to a cup SO easy for us.
I've tried other soft spout brands, but have had leaking from the collars.
Avent cups NEVER leak as long as the valves are inserted correctly.
Very difficult to clean by hand (take something else on vacation!)
There are just so many parts!Plus the handle and the ring thingie don't fit into our bottle washing dishwasher basket.Two stars.
But - These cups are STRANGE.
Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.
There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them.
Huh?
Who would think to do it that way?
Why would you put a cap on just to tighten the collar and then remove it?
I don't know if it strikes the green spouts or not.Over time, these cups stop working.
You will hand it to your child, he will suck for a bit, get angry, and hand the cup back to you.
You will try the cup.
All you will get is a hiss of air, no liquid.
You have to replace the caps and valves.
My guy first figured this out while we were out in the stroller and he had a cup of strawberry kefir.
A pretty much full cup.
Of course this can be prevented by washing your cups immediately, every time, but let the mom who has never discovered a squirreled-away sippy full of homemade yogurt cast the first stone...I guess the biggest thing these cups offer over the competition is they have caps.
Most other sippies don't - actually I don't know of any that do.
I suggest reading the directions before tossing these sippy cups in the trash.
Wash the sippy cup after it's used.
I spoke to an Avent rep at the Baby Fair in Edison, NJ and she suggested buying new spouts every month or so (same for nipples with Avent bottles).
No leaks so far.All in all, read the directions and you will see the leaks disappear like MAGIC!
Good luck!Finally.
We bought just about every kind of sippy cup on the market.
Hard tops, soft tops, short, tall, you name it, we've got it.
And they are currently being stored.
He loved this cup.
Finally, I got him to drink out of a cup.
My little man drank out of it immediately.
Hopefully, before too long, he'll be getting his juice himself!
Ha Ha!
I hate to clean and don't need any more cleaning jobs added.
My advice, try this cup.
It worked wonders for us.First of all, this thing dries out wipes, even if you do add the 1/4 cup of water you're supposed to add every couple of days!
It also restricts you in the kind of wipes you can buy... forget getting Chubbs in its round container, for instance.
The little storage area is a nice idea, but it's rather flimsy and not very supportive.
This one?
The only reason why I didn't give the 5 starts, is because it have a really ugly diaper organizer (that didn't match with my daughter's pink room) and we couldn't take it out... and when we try we almost brake it, so is not very durable either..Our wipe warmer has been on since we brought our son home November, 2003.
At those 3am winter morning feedings, this product was great.
We use wipes from Costco and they work really well in the warmer, Huggies does as well, never tried Pampers.
Also the bottom few wipes always seem to get dry and brown so we waste a few wipes with each refill.
The unit is supposed to snap on top of the organizer, but mine kept sliding off.
I gave up after a few weeks and just took the unit off the organizer, and super-glued a regular wipe container on top of the organizer, that I just keep buying refills for.
My baby doesn't seem to mind cold wipes.I still use the organizer, though, and I like it.
It says that it holds about 20 diapers, but when your baby is little, and using diapers through size 2, you can turn them sideways so that you can actually fit in twice as many in two rows instead of just one.
The little pockets on the side are handy for a tube of diaper rash ointment, etc.I got this before my daughter was born.
I used the diaper hanger a lot, but honestly hardly ever used the warmer.
I found, we changed her wherever she was when it was needed, so the warmer wasn't always handy.
BULL!
Not only do they turn yellow they dry out!
I had my warmer plugged it for 1 month and through it out!
Use a conventional warm wash cloth.
To much chemicals.
Save your money ladies!We received this as a gift and love it!
It warms the wipes nicely.
When that happens, I have just added a bit of water and it restores them nicely.
Now I remove the whole remaining stack and add new ones to the bottom.
I have 2, one upstairs and one down.
I place the wipes in a ziploc bag inside the warmer.
It minimizes dry-out.
It may be a little laborious, but it really seems to help.
Once they dry a bit, I add some water.
The bottom wipe sometimes turns brown, so it's best not to pack too many in at a time so they can get circulated.
It also helps to unplug it overnight to minimize drying.
These are all minor hinderences, but the organizer is the bigger hassle.
I have mine attached to the co-sleeper.
Though it fits the edge snuggly, it doesn't take much to knock it off.
The diapers are contained with a zippered area.
I find it to be too much trouble to unzip it every time I need a diaper so I have just left it open, at which point, diapers end up scattered all over the floor.
Now the diapers sit on my end table for a quick reach.
Its a big hastle to just plug and unplug to keep the baby wipes warm for your baby booty.
I pretty much gave up on that and just use it to store my baby wipes and the bottom section to put diapers.
Its easy to reach over to the side of my baby changing station (same height).
Its very convient to use.
I just warm it by holding the wipes in my hand until i think its warm enough for my baby booty.
It doesnt take that long.
It attaches to the side of your diaper table or crib with brackets that are included.
Also included are some rubber "things" that help you adjust the brackets for a smaller widths; for instance, if you are attaching to a table instead of a crib.
The front of the caddy is a zip-up net and inside you can fit about 15-20 diapers.
There are two pockets on each side that I use to keep small bottles of lotion, diaper cream, etc.
I usually just add a bit of water every now and them to keep them from doing so (although this particular brand recommends against it, but my current one recommends TO DO it).I was disappointed to find out that there was no warranty when it quit working.
I think most units this size are plug-in.
And it holds an entire refill size of wipes.
It is very easy to open and there is no lock for the lid.
I think that is the same for most though.I loved this product at first and I know my daughter enjoyed it for the first two months.
After a while though, it began drying out too quickly and literally burning the wipes on the bottom.
My little one cries now when we are away from home and have to use cold wipes!
I almost died thinking about walking to the bathroom to wet a washcloth with a screaming baby for Every diaper change, but this product provided a simple solution...
I wet the washcloths and stored them in the warmer.
Then wiped her with warm cloths that were conviently located.
We are using wipes in it now.There are a few things I don't like.
They fall off and behind the changing table a lot which is annoying.
It doesn't fit great even with the "sizers"  I also don't think that the diaper stacker is useful at all I tied a ribbon around ours so that is wouldn't hang down anymore.Also, the warmer dries out the bottom wipes and turns them yellowish, brown.
I have "solved" this by leaving the same wipes on the bottom all the time.This is a good product for the money, if you don't mind taking the bad with the good!We bought this wipes warmer for our son's room and it was awful.
We wasted more money throwing ruined wipes away.
We returned it and bought the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer.
I should have paid the money and bought that one in the first place.
Since the Especially For Baby one seemed a reasonable price, we experimented with it.
Unfortunately, it doesn't work well with either of the wipes we tried - Pampers or Huggies.
And the extra storage just didn't provide much "storage".
We use ours everyday and they still dry out.
The diaper organizer works up to size 2 diapers.
Once he gets bored with one side, I turn the seat so he's facing the other direction.
I got it on sale at a great price so definitely worth the price.It is a bit bulky, luckily our apartment has an open layout so it tucks away against a wall, but it is not portable and you can't really store it.
He certainly can't do it on his own.
I end up spinning him around which kind of defeats the purpose have having a swivel seat.
Took me about a half an hour to put together.
And it is so cute!
I drive a VW, so I just love the "bug" design.
And the vibrating "start and shift" is hysterical.
Very cute.I had this in an older version (didn't have the radio feature) for my 2 sons.
Well, I thought I was done with it and sold it.
Now I am expecting a 3rd boy...back to my Buggy!
I had to have this again.
Love this buggy.
It kept my 2 older boys busy for hours.
I expect and HOPE it does the same for my new son.
I love that it bounces, rocks, and spins.
I think it is cuter than the traditional saucers and is more entertaining.
Highly recommended A+My 1 year old daughter uses one of these when we are sitting outside.
When we have a garage sale she can sit right next to me and play.When I originally wrote this review I rated this car a 3 because my son didn't seem to have fun or enjoy being put in it.
The age requirement states for 4 mos and up.
my son is in the 95th percentile for height and his feet still didn't touch the floor at 6 mos.
He is now 8 months though and LOVES it!
He will move the gears, beep the horn, and just sit and laugh.
He also likes to jump in it and it does allow him to do this more than his other activity center (smartsteps excersaucer).
I WOULD NOW RATE THIS A 5 although the age requirement should probably be around 6 months.We are on our third batch of these sippy cups for our twin daughters.
They are simply to use, come in wonderful, vibrant colors, and are surprisingly hard to generate messes with (a bonus with two children).The cups themselves are sturdy and durable.
They survive whatever abuse is dealt to them.
We use them every day, and replace them fairly frequently (when the start to look dingy and 'old'), and have thus far been quite happy with these cups.However!
We hand wash all plastics that our daughters use, so if you use the dishwasher for cleaning these your experience is likely to differ.
Yes a 'little' water comes out when the baby shakes it and bangs it around (it's really not that much), but she can actually USE them (she was using the other ones for teethers because she couldn't figure out how to get the liquid out).
We have these and the Philips AVENT BPA Free Natural Drinking Cup, 9 Ounces (which is a pretty fast flow for a little one)... Our 3 other brands are sitting on the shelf collecting dust!More pros:Great price!
I don't have to worry about losing a pricey cup at play dates, etc...Top rack dishwasher safeCup, top, and stopper (there aren't a million pieces to clean)Also recommend: The First Years Take & Toss 5 Count Spill-Proof Trainer Sippy Cups with Removable Handles, 7 OunceI have some of these cups that I have been using for my son, and while generally they are great, they do no t travel very well.
I end up taping over the mouthpiece and putting the cup in a ziploc plastic bag to prevent milk from getting everywhere.I was so excited to see these with travel caps.
Imagine my disappointment when I realized my SEVEN new cups came with ONE cap.These sippy cups are fantastic.
We used these almost exclusively until she needed a bigger cup for daycare.
I would recommend every parent have these.I have been looking for inexpensive sippy cups that are BPA free to send to daycare with my daughter, now that we are transitioning from bottles of breastmilk to other milk.
They are inexpensive enough so I don't care if they end up lost.
As for traveling, they do come with one travel cap which is nice, but instead, I also purchased theThe First Years 6 Pack Take & Toss Snack Cups, 4.5 Ounce, Colors May Varywhich have lids that fit perfectly on the sippy cups.Most importantly, my baby drinks out of these with no problems!Yes, these are cheap and handy, but don't count on them not leaking if your kids (like mine) drop them, knock them down, or toss them around.
No, they don't "spill" when knocked over, but if you aren't right there when they get tipped over they might as well have spilled because by the time you get to it enough liquid will have leaked out that it might as might as well have spilled.
For outside, or the zoo/park/beach/kitchen they are great.
The rubber cover will keep the leaks in check in a bag for the most part.
The lids stay on tightly and the liquid inside is easy enough for kids to drink out of.
He actually, right around his 1st birthday, willingly drank from a straw, so we switched to those cups gladly.
ANYHOW, with very light use and hand washing of these cups, all of the spouts started cracking.
I think I have two of these left somewhere that made it, and God knows where that little blue plastic snap-on cover went.
Also, these didn't leak very much at all, which I was impressed with considering the throw-away nature of these.
Infact, if I could do it all over again.
Our 15 month loves it, its easy to use and we take a couple with us everywhere.
The lack of handles is a benefit and the slow drip design keep spills to a minimum.
My daughter chews on the lids and after a while they will start to leak...I would not describe them as spill proof either-you will still need to watch out for leaks etc-but they are a good product for the price.I don'[t want to offend anyone, but I had to laugh at the reviews criticizing this product for only working well the first time.
They're meant to use one time, and then toss.
They go everywhere with my Daughter and I.  I love they're disposable so I don't have to lug around a dirty sippy all day.
They're cheap enough I bought sets to get through the summer.
It'll save your sanity.Does a great job of not spilling and keep a good flow of milk/water into our toddler's mouth.
We've had other cups that he would take too much at once and end up overflowing out of his mouth but these work great.
Great price.I bought these for travel because I figured we would loose several on the way.
We have managed to hold on to them relatively well.
We don't use our insulator ones anymore.
We stick to these.
The only thing my baby would drink from (no bottles, no other sippy cups).
Can go through dishwasher and be used again and again - very durable.
But if you lose one its ok because they are super cheap to replace.These cups are nice enough, but the lids are not at all durable.
My daughter is 16 months old and loves to throw her sippy cups and so far we had no issues with the lids coming off.
I love the part that there is just a lid and no valves to pop in.These are great in the car, for travel and in the highchair.
If you want one of those then you need to get a cup with a valve that's closer to a bottle.
However if you need a cup that won't make a huge mess when knocked over then these are the right cups for you.These are nice cups for kids transitioning to regular cups or for older kids that are in situations where a regular cup would be inconvenient.
I'll be returning it today.The nice thing about this chair is that it's pretty cheap and folds up very easily so you're not lugging around a whole bunch of parts.
Our son sits well in it and doesn't scream or anything in it either so that's a huge plus.
I like being able to attach it to other chairs and being able to get it back together in no time without any help.
That's a plus if you're traveling alone.
It definetly has its perks.The fold and go booster was our initial attempt in the art of portable boosters.
Chair falls apart.Seriously, we were taking it apart to wash it, and the cheap plastic buttons holding the back on broke.
This is the second portable we had to scrap.
I wish I read the reviews first, because I would have bought the "on the go" booster instead.
Oh well, that's the beauty of heindsight I guess.
First you need to untangle the straps, make sure they're going in and coming out of all the right places, THEN you can put your toddler in first and attach the booster to the seat next or vice versa.
(It's only been used a half a dozen times in the past year)  But I wouldn't recommend it if you're going to use it more than once a month.
If you need a booster to use more often, I'd recommend the "on-the-go" booster seat.i love this seat!
i wish that it had a reclining mode, but i think that theres no way it would travel in such a handy little package if it did that!
i love how the straps wind up, the seat completely folds up, and the lid snaps on!
how cool is that!
it travels so nicely!
i definitely recommend this product!My in-laws live far away, and they bought this chair for my daughter to use when we stay at their house.
She has been able to comfortably sit in it since about 5 months old.
I think my daughter feels like she is included more with the adult diners when she sits in this chair versus when she sits in her highchair at our home.
It really could be used as a permanent highchair.
This storage compartment is useless and has always been a nuisance for me.When I was expecting my 3rd child, my children were about 18 months, and 4 years old... and I needed to pass down my toddlers highchair to the baby...This saftey first seat is excellent!Features...*  The straps that attatch the booster to the chair can roll up underneath the booster seat.
*  A handle to carry the chair by once folded*  A place to hook the tray on when the seat is folded*  Optional legs for different hights*  A VERY small compartment, we usually just keep a bibster in there (VERY hard to fit it though!
)*  A lap belt that keeps my son in the chair.
It doesnt adjust, but if your baby no longer fits with the tray, they are probably old enough to use the booster underneath the table (like my now 2 year old).I really do not have any complaints, the chair is very sturdy, can fit on nearly every chair we use, and is great for travel, but now my son really doesnt want to sit in the "baby" seats at the restaurants, but I do not like the boosters without straps for the chair that they provide... so this may start getting out more often!Great!
Lightweight, easy to store, easy to open, can be packed in a suitcase, left at Grandma's house.
Tray can be a little snug since there is no way of making adjustments to it.
Before I opened the packet, I put it in the freezer for 10 minutes.
Then, I opened the packet, rolled it into a ball, stuck it between 2 pieces of wax paper, and pressed down on the top sheet of wax paper with a book.
If you use foil instead of wax paper, the little crinkles in the foil will make creases in the impression material.
(If you do decide to roll, roll on top of the wax paper or the impression material will stick to the roller.)
If you don't put it back in the freezer, the impression material will stick to your baby's skin.
(I tried lotion and baby powder - separately - as others mentioned, but the impression material still stuck to Dragon Baby.
)The instructions say to let dry for 24-36 hours, but it took mine 5 DAYS to fully dry.
When it dries, little holes and creases appear - so I took a nail file (I didn't have any sandpaper) and filed the edges and the top, around the footprint, to make it look more smooth.Dragon Grandma thought it was professionally done in some special baby studio.
Wish there was something else out there...The molding material is a very sticky foam that results in a very lightweight finished product.
I originally thought it would be more clay-like.
I read many of the Amazon reviews for tips (thanks!)
and used the wax paper instead of foil (one piece for the top side, one for the bottom), and a cutting board instead of wooden roller to press the foam flat.
The foam still stuck to the wax paper in some areas, despite kneading the foam for a while.
But sometimes, it stuck to the whole surface area.
There was no rhyme or reason to the way it stuck, I just had to try a few times.
Then when I used a cutting board to press the foam flat, some of the cuts in the cutting board showed up in the foam.
Instead, I used the bottom of a plate (that doesn't have a rim) to flatten it out.
Using the ruler, I pressed down to make the cut, then slid the ruler along the length of the cut to avoid pulling out the foam along the bottom edge of the cut.
Hard to explain.
A bit of touchup with fingers will help, but there is no way you can expect perfection and that annoys me.When it was all done, a piece of black lint stuck to the middle of the footprint.
Ugh!
Too much effort to re-do it all, so it'll stay there permanently.Dried the foam face up for maybe 15 hours, leaving the bottom-side wax paper on.
Then peeled the bottom-side wax paper off and dried the bottom.
After I flipped it and dried it, it's relatively flat.
Used scissors to trim off some roughness on the cut edge.
An x-acto knife did not work to clean up the edges because it's foam.
I wish it came with a more neutral colored mat to go behind the footprint.
After all, there's no way to wind back time to remember how small she was.
We bought two sets, one for each child.
The first went smoothly and we nailed it after the 3rd try.
The second was more challenging, and eventually the clay hardened to a point where it was no longer usable and we still hadn't got the footprint.
We called the company and they mailed us a replacement clay free of charge.
The lady on the phone was very supportive and offered a few tips.
Ultimately, what worked for us is preparing the clay on waxed paper, using the wood rolling stick over waxed paper to prevent it from sticking to the clay, pressing the foot firmly but quickly into the clay and quickly pulling it back up in a straight manner.
I then placed a piece of waxed paper lightly over the print and used my finger to smooth out any wrinkles in the clay and then transferred it onto a piece of foil to lay while it dried.
This was a really stressful experience.
I wish there was an easier way to get footprints, but even though it sucked doing, I'm glad we did it.
We now have their prints captured in clay forever.This product was very easy to use and required very little effort.
Maybe they have altered the directions to help alleviate any problems since she purchased hers).
I too had enough left over to make a handprint which I was happy about :)  I am so glad to have this keepsake of my baby's adorable little foot.I bought 2 of these frames to give to the grandmothers for Mother's Day from my 17 month old.
She has tiny hands, so they fit fine (although I wouldn't recommend it for kids her age with larger hands, definitely designed for infants).
Am I the only mom that's sick of everything being pink or blue?
What about green, or yellow, or purple?
He loved the idea of putting the baby's picture next to her foot and hand print.
It was so easy to to do.
It is so easy to get baby's foot and hand in it.
It isn't goopy so you can bring the material to the baby instead of trying to do the balancing act of getting the baby positioned over the material and then trying to hold her still while you put her into the stuff.
This package you just grabbed the appendage you wanted to imprint, put the material to the foot/hand and pressed gently in.
The frame was easy to put together after the caste was all dry.
The set has the background pink on one side and blue on the other.
It worked great.
I would recommend this to anyone who wants a special keepsake for their child and anyone buying a gift for an expectant parent.The frame itself is just okay, but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhile.Great gift!
It was easy to follow the direction.
The molding material is easy to work at.
It doesn't dry too quickly so there're plenty of time to try over and overIf you mess up your clay, call the company and they will send you more free of charge.
I have used these for each of my children and I love how easy it is to capture their tiny foot prints.
I only had to replace the clay for one out of three kids since I messed it up.
It is forgiving and you have many chances to re-do the print if you want.
Follow directions and you will have a great impression after a few tries.
I do this when the baby is newborn so I can fit two feet in the clay.
Not easy but doable and the results are priceless.I think the material for the mold especially and for the entire frame is somewhat cheap.
It is tough to do with a squirmy baby and once we did finally get a mold the contrast wasn't very striking--a footprint with ink may look better.
I have two!
Love them!
Not clay like other things I got but works nice cause this foam does not crack like clay.
The print didn't stick I'm frame but a little super glue fixed it.
Good for gift too.
The instructions tell you to roll it in aluminum foil.
It stuck to the foil and repeatedly stuck to my son's foot (see additional uploaded photos) regardless of how thick or thin it was rolled out.
I only found this out after we had already made about a dozen attempts and decided to use the scraps to experiment to make a hand print.
To attach the clay they include double sided tape.I would not recommend this product.
They responded in less than 12 hours and said that they would send out more clay to us.
I originally rated this product as a 1, but because they had excellent customer service I wanted to upgrade my rating to between a 2 and a 3.Update: 02 January 2012Since my last update, they did not send replacement clay.
I have since emailed the company two or three times and have received no response.
I have lotion and baby oil in the side pockets and everything just fits perfectly in the bag.
I can also put my keys and wallet in the zipper section also and I still have plenty of room.
I love the backpack style and how compact it is and it works great.
I think the price is very reasonable and well worth.
I would rather use this diaper bag than the other two I have.
My son is 2 1/2 months old and I can carry everything he needs in this bag.
Try this diaper backpack one time and you will be hooked like me!!!
!It is a great looking backpack and works if you only need to go somewhere for a short period of time.
It has plenty of room and is stylish.I purchased this bag because I wanted to downsize my diaper bag.
I do like the side zipper for easy access.
I liked the side zipper for easy access to items in the bag.
However, I think it lacks enough room for bottles.
I used it for several months and had no problem with the quality, but stopped using it with the birth of my second daughter because it lacked functionality.
It is too noisy to use while trying to sleep (unless you are a fairly heavy sleeper or need a white noise machine!
The pro to the monitor is that it picks up the smallest sounds.
If you run the monitor on just the batteries alone ( and unplug the AC adapter), then the monitor is pretty crystal clear.
So, if you have the money to spend on a new 9V battery every night, or every other night, then I guess this monitor would be okay.
I'm very disappointed in Fisher Price.
They usually have such great quality products.
This monitor doesn't have all the neat features that the soothing dreams did, but it does something the other didn't - it WORKS!
You can hear the faintest noise in the baby's room, or keep the volume down and just see the lights.
Don't waste your money on a monitor with more frills that doesn't work as well - this is all you need!!
Our home is a two story and my daughter's room is directly below ours.
The monitor hums loudly and is very staticy no matter how low you turn the volume down.
All in all, I probably wouldn't buy it, but as a gift it works well enough.I received the GRACO dual receivers as a baby shower gift.
This monitor was not very good.
It did its job, so I kept it.
However, I refused to take it with me traveling.
I travel to Indiana because my younger sister lives there.
She has a two story house and when I would put the baby down I couldn't hear her cry from downstairs.
I went to the store and found this monitor.
It was only $20 so I figured if it worked even half as well as the GRACO it would be okay.
Let me tell you, it is great.
I could hear the TV in the next room.
I could hear the fan rotating.
I could even hear her roll over.
On top of that, I could see her larger movements with the lights.
When she cried all the lights glowed.
I was tempted to take this monitor back home with me and bring the one I have in my house to Indiana my next visit.
We get clear reception all of the time.
Best of all it is one of the most affordable monitors on the market.
Talk about getting a lot of bang for your buck.
The monitor has noise indicator lights, so when you can't hear the monitor (ie volume turned down, or you're vaccuming) you can see if baby is fussing.Well I purchased this monitor over a year ago when my son was born last November 2002, and I have had no complaints.
The monitor does have background noise when you turn it on, and I only use the AC Adaptor, but it works well for my needs.
I can hear my son if the volume is down low, and the lights work great.
So far, Fisher-Price has been a company I have bought many baby items from.
I highly recommend the Sony babycall monitor (also carried by Babies R Us, but not online).
- it only turns on when the baby cries or your spouse talks, etc.)
The price is also unbeatable.
They are all helpful and can be used until your baby is a toddler.
)We got this as one of our shower gift.
We use the brush and comb a lot also.
Not to mention its bulkyness.We returned it and bought Nursery and Bath Care Set by Summer Infant Products.
It would be cost effective to buy the items seperately from this company.I registered for this thinking it would be great.
Everything I need.
RIIIIGHHHTTT.. haha..
The only things in it I can use are the nail clippers (but I cannot use the magnification because it distorts everything and I cannot see my sons nails),  the hair brush which is nice, the comb which is nice, and the nail files which I dont like anyways because the chalkboard scrapping sound lol.
The thermometer [stinks]!
It doesn't beep so you dont know wen its done.
You have to watch for it to blink or something like that and it only blinks a few times so if u miss it ur gonna sit there for a LOOOONNG time but hey it takes a long time to work anyways.
They lock in securely and require some serious effort to remove.
Great for peace of mind!I have to agree with many of the reviews here...these outlet plugs manage to keep babies and adults from accessing outlets pretty effectively, but that was why I bought them.
It seems there are two types of outlet plugs available at this point: those that babies can figure out in very little time (and are easy for parents to remove too) and those that keep babies out (yet give parents trouble as well.
)I have lupus and even in the middle of a flare, when my hands are very weak and stiff, I can still get these plugs out even though it requires a good deal of effort.
So far, he has seen these, touched them, and lost interest pretty quickly.
I do have to say, though, that I have access to some outlets placed higher on the wall that I use for vacuuming, kitchen appliances, etc.
is going to get these out, and that's their purpose... To keep him safe.
They are impodsible to remove.
I had to use a pointed tool with one hand while squeezing three buttons simultaneously with the other hand.
Sounds easy huh?
Don't buy.These things are bomb (and almost adult) proof!
And, they're the only ones I've found that work on the plugs with the rectangular openings in the face plate.These along with the Safety 1st Adapter and Plug cover (for outlets in use) are the ONLY thing that stops my toddler in his tracks.
I tried your cheap flat plug covers, which he gets off in three seconds flat.
Then I tried the convex style Munchkin brand covers, which he actually got off BETTER than I could due to his small fingers.
They work.
He can pull on them all he likes, but he doesn't think to use the two-step release system.
I think they may have improved the product or something since the reviews started.
NO baby can get them off.
(The simple ones without the release buttons.)
Great product, Satefy 1st!
I'm ordering more this week for the rest of the house!
First, they wouldn't go into all the sockets.
I have twin boys who see everything as an interesting challenge, yet they can't get these covers out of the outlet.
That said...
They are very hard for mommy and daddy to get out too.
Don't buy these if you think you will need to take them out oftenWe purchased these along with some cheaper plugs.
We installed these on outlets that we use often and they are a breeze to remove.
Possibly because we have an older home??
It definitely takes two hands to push the top button and squeeze the sides at the same time.These plugs are actually really difficult to open so I end up pulling them out of the outlet sockets anyways.It works for the baby(and me.... haha...) I have installed only one and can't removed it.
They take a couple seconds for me to get off but not really a hassle.I ordered the wrong ones, so just make sure you order the correct ones, otherwise these would have been perfect.I love these outlet plugs.
We had the cheaper ones by the same company that you don't press to put in the outlet and my 18 month old daughter was able to pull them right out.
So we decided to try these.
Let me tell you... these things are HARD to get out of the wall, even for me.
You just need to figure out how to take them out and find a gadget that can help depress the safety - a screw driver works well for us.
We bought two types, put these in the areas our son has a lot of access, and on outlets we dont use much.
Yes, they do take a little work for an adult to remove- you have to kind of wiggle them out-but it is pretty simple.
Overall a great no fuss product at a great price!These work well keeping people out of the plug.
A little to well actually.
It hurts my fingers trying to pry these out of the outlets.
However, they need to be because it doesn't take much for a curious or dexterous child to figure out how to remove other styles of plugs.
I have three kinds in the house, and these are by far my favorite.
Very disappointed in the outlet covers, as we are probably going to have to replace them with a different kind.These are hard to use - to get on and off, even for adults, which is what we were looking for.
We'll see when our little girl gets interested in outlets...These actually snap into place and are a little difficult even for an adult to remove but will keep a child from removing.
You have to squeeze the two size buttons and depress the top button at the same time.
Two handed operation.I bought these based on the great reviews and put them in the outet.
I followed the directions and no luck.
My husband had to mess with them for 10 minutes and pry them out.
I guess they are good at keeping your child out of the outet, but not practical if you ever plan on using the outlet.
I sent these back!My daughter has the kind that just plug in and you have to pry your fingernail down between the plug and the fixture to get the darned thing off.
I have soft fingernails so it's really hard for me to do that when I want to use and outlet at her house.
All you do is squeeze the sides and push the top button and they pull right out.
However, it would be a challenge for a baby to get them off because he probably couldn't squeeze the sides and push the button at the same time.
I am a 57 year old grandma and if I can do it anyone can.There are a lot of products like this out there.
I think people should get a few and see what works for them.
We had to use pliers to wrench this thing out of the outlet, and by the time it came free, it was completely destroyed.
We tried multiple ones from the box and they are all the same (we had hoped that the first two were just defective).
BEWARE!
We almost broke the outlet trying to get these little buggers off.Some of the negative reviews turned me off to the product but I decided to buy them anyways because I couldn't find a sliding plate cover for my GFCI outlets and I didn't want our child to see us removing the easier outlet safety plugs on a regular basis.I think this product must have been improved some because the ones I bought can only be pushed in on one side and they work exactly as per the instructions.
Basically, pushing the left button unlocks the top button and pushing on the top button unlocks the latch from the ground hole.
With the top button continually depressed, you need to patiently rock the plug up and down until it comes out.
It takes a few minutes of practice and some finger strength for adults to get it right, but there is absolutely no sense in installing the 'other' outlet covers that can be ripped out of the wall then choked on by a baby is there?
I've also had a few of those 'other' ones snap off inside the outlet, which really was a treat..should not happen with these plugs.So if you want safety these are the plugs to get.
I personally was nearly electrocuted as a child, having stuck my parents car keys into a socket...trust me, it only takes a second for a life threatening incident to happen with your child.
Why take chances??
?Pick up a few extras for grandma's house too.After reading the reviews I was hoping these would keep my little one safe.
However, even after I followed the directions, the plugs would just fall right out of the outlet/socket...with out any prompting at all.I had to return these...thankfully Amazon is GREAT about their return policy.I don't think every hospital gives away these things.
The hospital where I delivered only gave me a nasal aspirator in terms of these tools to take home.
So these gadgets did and still do help me, especially the nail clippers, files, and hair brush.
I disagree that baby's nails are that soft that you can peel off - that would mean that you would have to wait until it gets too long before you can peel it off - I don't want to risk my baby scratching himself with the long nails or getting a hang nail or so long that it actually near the nail off itself where it might tear too deep and bleed.
I do agree that the nail clipper could be a little smaller but it still works.
I've volunteered and had children at several hospitals in several states, and the going-home kit always included a nasal aspirator, a little brush and comb set, a bunch of alcohol wipes to care for the umbilical stub, a shampoo scrub brush (not included in this set, but fabulous, especially for cradle-cap babies), and a little baby nail clipper.
What's included that is unnecessary:emery boards/scissors: baby's nails stay soft for most of the first year, to the point that you can just peel off the overgrown part of the nail easily, without having to contend with a wriggling baby in one arm and a sharp implement in the other handmedicine dropper/spoon: should your baby require liquid antibiotics, the medicine will come with a syringe-type applicator, which you place into baby's mouth and then press the plunger to dispense.
Use a spoon?
Baby will swat it out of your hand and you'll have pink and white stains everywhere.
Use a medicine dropper?
Very slow and you have to keep refilling the bulb.
It will last much longer -- years!
Instead, toothbrushes that have rubber tips/points are recommended, to massage teething gums and be gentle on new baby teeth.Don't waste your money buying this kit.
The brush is too rough for a baby under 2, and the comb I started to use it when my daughter was 3 months old, because is too rough for a newborn.
The nail clipper is too big for my daughter little The comb it's OK...
The nail fillers are way TOO ROUGH too.
The dropper is TOO BIG....I REGRET of spending my money in this.....Keep searching for another set!!!
!UPDATE---> I'm writing this note because after reading my comment after a year I have to say that I wrote this review stating that the items doesn't work for a newborn as they promise, but most of the items you can use them for an older baby...
!This kit has all the essentials.
Great for travel.
Roomy case to add first aid stuff.
Perfect for teething LolThe picture doesn't match the product, but it's still a great set.
i bought it and im only using daily the brush and the nail clippers.
Our son recently turned two and we still have the kit on-hand for almost daily use.The best items include*  the well-designed medicine spoon:  It stands upright on its own so you can pour liquids into it and see how much you've dispensed;  the guidelines are metric on one side and English on the other;  the spoon itself is sized well for baby with little to no mess* the nail clippers:  Big handle for sure gripping while holding a potentially squirmy customer* the bath thermometer:  Much more accurate than so many other bath toys that try to do double duty as a thermometer).The most disappointing component was predictably the thermometer.
It's a pretty simplistic digital model that needed to be held in place too long to get very accurate readings from a baby.
My wife and I use it ourselves and it works fine.
Leaving the hospital and coming home with a newborn, especially your first, can be an unbelievably hectic time - I wouldn't want to rely on the possibility of freebies to help us take care of our baby.Given the low cost of this kit, it's well worth knowing that you're prepared to come home with your newborn.
And the Nursery and Bath Care Set will continue to pay off with its travel convenience and useful contents for years to come.The Hospital's Choice 30 Piece All-in-one Child Care Kit contains everything here and other items I have used such as the hairbrush (my son loves the feeling of this brush on his scalp and it was helpful with cradle cap), medicine dropper, rectal thermometer, and nail clipper.
IMPORTANT: THE BEST TOOL FOR CLIPPING INFANT NAILS IS A NORMAL ADULT CUTICLE CLIPPER.
I have tried everything.
I love the storage aspect of the 30-piece kit as it zips up neatly and allows enough room to consolidate other relevant things such as teethers.
You'll also be missing out on the changing pad and baby wipe container none of the other kits come with.The little remedies kit will have everything else you may be missing from a medical sandpoint.This is a fantastic kit to give any new parent.
A friend of mine just had a kid and received this as a gift.
They've been keeping this in the car for when they're visiting or just out and about.
So this came in handy.
Because the nail clippers are so big in my hand I don't drop them as easily as I would regular small ones if my baby hits my hand.
I haven't found a need for the way the top is able to swival though.
The brush is like a typical baby or doll brush (very soft and fine) and doesn't help getting the cradle cap scales off very well.
The carrying case is clear and zippered which I found very handy since I could see at a glance what was in it and what was missing.
It has everything in it you need for basic hygien of a baby plus it's convenient for traveling.
hope i can keep it like that!I registered for this item and it arrived while I was in the hospital.
I was so relieved to find it when I got home.
All I came home from the hospital with besides my son was an aspirator and ointment for my son's circumcision.
The nail clippers are my favorite even though I did get several pairs with gifts and such.
The adjustable and extra long handle is great.
The scissors and aspirator have also been handy.
I haven't used the tweezers yet, I just haven't needed them, but I'm sure the day will come.I used one of those rubber finger toothbrushes until my son was about 9 months old, but when he bit clean through it and bruised my finger we switched to this toothbrush.
(my son was a fairly early teether and was cutting his molars by then).
The temp tester has been used since his first tub bath at just a few weeks old and still is.
The digital therm.
has been great.
I've always used it to get an underarm temp.
now, and at first I thought this kit was the bomb.
But the only items I regularly use are the baby-hair-brush and the nail clippers.
I know the clippers and thermometer are necessities, so was excited to see that this kit came with both of us.
However, when I opened it I realized that the clippers and thermometer are both cheaply made, therefore I will have to purchase them both separately.
Most of it you will get from the hospital and a syringe comes with all medicines you will buy.
Get a nosefreida instead of the bulb thing, get baby nail scissors instead of the clippers, the teething tablets have been recalled and I can't get the medicine-dispensing pacifier open to put the medicine in.
I don't use the teething toy.
I think the only thing in here that I actually use is the thermometer.
The case is too bulky really for a diaper bag, I have never needed all these products on the go, but it does get a lot of use by the changing station.
The clippers in this set are adult size with a neat little handle added.
Well adult size is too big to use on those little bitty hands...that is why they back infant sizes.
Those nails are also so soft the first couple of years that you won't be able to use the scissors or files on them.
I ended up using the files and we use the scissors to cut tags off of new outfits.Then you have all medical stuff.
The nasal aspirator in this set doesn't work.
None you will ever buy will work as well as the one they give you in the hospital.
This also goes for the thermometer.
The one we got at the hospital works in 3-5 seconds.
Another reviewer said to get an ear unit.
Don't waste you money.
If you child needs medication it will come with a syringe which is quiet frankly easier to use then a dropper.
And at 14 months our daughter still can't take any medication from a spoon.
You've also got the toothbrush.
It's far too big for a toddler mouth and you can't use it until they are at very least a year old.
the bristles are also more like that of an adult toothbrush.
So this was added to our stash of cleaning brushes.So what have we used of this set...the brush.
The comb still makes her cry (it scratches her head) and gets tangled very easily in her curly hair.
But we use the brush every single day.
This is one of those rare occasions.
This set is the most complete one on the market and there will be no need to supplement it with anything else.
The thermometer is also a great addition if your child's bathtub doesn't already have one.
Everything in this kit is a necessity and works well.
!This is definitely the set to get.
It includes everything you'll need for baby well care in a convenient storage pouch.
All of the pieces I've tried so far work very well also.
The clippers are my favorite since they are very easy to handle.
The scissors work for nails as well.
I love this set and keep it clipped on my nursery cart.
It also comes with a useful book on taking care of your baby.
I just can't seem to get enough suction out of the aspirator for it to work.It has everything you need, and the carrying case isn't bulky.
The nail files are okay.
It wouldn't suction up any medicine.
It's just an adult-sized one with an attachment.
Should have gotten a baby-specific and -sized one even though right now I'm just trying to file their nails rather than clip then (on their pediatrician's advice).
We registered for this set and got it as a gift.
I have used NOTHING from it.
The same thing with the dropper.
The brush and comb are okay.
*At first, I didn't think I'd need the thermometer because I also had an ear thermometer, but my child's pediatrician said they aren't accurate with newborns or infants, so I've gotten plenty of use out of it as an under-the-arm thermometer.
*The nail clippers work great!
Ouch!
*The brush is pretty soft, but his hair isn't long enough for the comb yet.I think it's a great set, but this is the only one I have and I haven't checked out any others.
I'd definitely recommend it with the fact that you won't use everything at once in mind.Not all kits include scissor, digital thermometer, tweezer etc.
This is one does.
The compact pouch securely holds everything in place which is great for traveling.
Great value!I received this set as a gift.
They al feel cheap.
They fit with all my Avent cups and bottles.
Also, they help to my daughter to lear to drink independently.They are a great product if your child takes to the trainer set, other wise, inquisitive children get distracted by them, specially because of the color choices instead of making them clear or white.I give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with Avent.
Go from Avent bottle, which these trainer handles fit on as well (we started out putting the trainer handles on my Grandson's bottles)to the Avent TrainerCupsThese are great.
I would rather spend a small amount of money on buying these to put on my Avent bottles than a lot more on sippy cups.
They just fit to your regular Avent bottles easily.
They can go in the dishwasher too, and my son is just starting to hold his own bottle and he loves it.
He can't grasp the entire bottle so these are ideal.
What a great idea combined with the no spill teats he is catered for until he go to a sports bottle and cup.
Love them.These do just as promised, and we started using them at three months when we switched to bottles exclusively.
The first day we used them our girl clutched on with a little help, and through one year she would play with them and hold on while eating.
Better than a smooth bottle to learn how to grab on.
I am thrilled that Avent offers these handles (& their Non Spill Soft Spouts).
I bought these and the Avent spouts so I can use my bottles as sippy cups.
They are a little stiffer than I expected, and colors definitely vary.
I have a boy, and received pink.
Playtex proved to be very useful without any leaks.
DO REPLACE SIPPY CUPS ATLEAST EVERY 6 MONTHS.
They all made of plastic and they can all build up in the bacteria no matter how you wash it.
Just replace itI wouldn't go a day without these when my daughter had a bottle.
(I expected it, but was surprised).
If I ever had anymore kids (which I'm not), I would get these again!I really like these.
I have been using these to convert my daughter's Avent 4 oz bottles to sippy cups.
Perfect inexpensive accessory to save on the price of sippys.
She is 11 months and has been using them since she was 6 months.
I would have given them a 5 star rating if I could pick the colors.
A bit disappointed.My son is starting to hold the bottle himself and these handles are a big help.
I love that the Avent bottles I am currently using can grow with my son and turn into sippy cups.
What a great idea!i personally love all the avent items!
my son is just now learning to hold his own bottle and this is helping him so much!These only fit on the older style bottles as they lock in with the lid which on the wide mouth glass bottle is much bigger.
Then you can use these as sippy cups.I know the thing has the dimensions, and of course it's going to be small if it holds a 2X3 frame.
Even though I see dimensions I can't see that in my head before it arrives, this thing is so itty bitty.
Very neutral so it fits every decor.
I expected smaller size and was gladly surprised that it is a medium size.
Looks great in a baby room.frame is cute.
it has real weight to it, so it doesn't feel or look cheap at all.
It's heavy and definitely suggests quality.
The lines and edges are smooth.
It's detailed and has a lot going on, so it definitely will be eye catching even amongst other frames, and also looks good just on its own.The finish is definitely more pewter and not at all silver.
That's fine with me - but just wanted to clarify for anyone wondering.When I say that Its from experience.
I have two twins, 8 mnt B.B and 3 year old B/G.
When I heard they had a "new and imporved" diaper genie, I decided to give it a shot.
Wow I HATED that one two, who woulda guessed?
I dont know anyone who would enjoy turning a knob fifty times to get a new bag, one handed, are you kidding me?
Okay so that one was history.
There were 2 others I was looking at, the Diaper Champ, and the Neat Diaper Disposal System, yes this one wasnt in mind just yet.
My friend has ONE 10 month old and her Champ STINKS.
Well now the neat, we didnt buy it, we saw it at a friends house who HATED her Champ, well now she HATES the neat.
she has a 3 month old and an 18 month old.
So I didnt know what to do.
I was leaning toward the champ because if all of them stunk, atleast this one didnt need refils.
Well at BRU there was a disposal system I didnt see before, low and behold....
THE DEKOR PLUS!
I told my husband that all of the other ones stunk, so lets just try this one, we could say we tried them all!
Well, for the occasional 3 year old pull ups, and 2x the dirty 8 month old diapers...
I LOVE IT!
This thing is just so nifty.
I keep one of those circular deoderant things attatched (sometimes 2!)
and I spray it with lysol when I CLEAN it out, every 2 weeks or so.
Well I do sometimes get a little whift of it in the boys room, but than I JUST CHANGE THE BAG!
Duhh, if it starts to smell just change it more often.
My friends have K.O the champ and wished away of their diaper genies.
Hey if you think you should get the champ because you dont need to buy so many refils, well guess what, That just means a stinky nursery and ALOT more garbage bags.
These refils last MONTHS.
I love it soo much that I think I may just get one for downstairs too!Dont waste your money on the others, save a little more and get this one, its the ONLY one that WORKS**** WOW.
I just read a review on targets website on the diaper genie.
It eliminates almost all odors and I will definatly be trying it.
(And for those #2 diapers that you really just cant do that with, just do as you do with the wet diapers, and it wont be that unbearable.)
A GREAT IDEA!
!I bought this product because of the reviews I read about it.
However it DOES NOT keep out the smell of dirty diapers.
If you are like me, you want the products you buy to do the intended job.
Get the Diaper Champ or use a regular trash can and put it out of the way (extra bathroom, laundry room, etc.
However, besides the smell that hangs around the nursery for a little while after changing, the Diaper Dekor has kept the poopy smell at bay throughout the summer, with minimal air conditioning in our home.
This is very user friendly: refills are easy to insert, bags are easy to remove when full, and you can even use it as a regular trash can when that glorious day arrives when your little one is potty trained.
When taking out a full bag just remember to leave enough plastic to tie it off with!We got the dekor plus after using the small dekor for 10 months.
The reason we changed it is because the inner lid stopped functioning properly.
We had the old square model where the inner lids in the pail are round and fold to the inside of the pail (that is the model in this picture).
We bought the dekor plus at babies r us.
The diaper dekor plus now is oval and the inner lid is square.
The lock is necessary because in this model the odors linger if you don't lock it, hence it is not hands free as it is supposed to be.
If you want this product get the old square old version, which is the one in this picture.
I guess that is the one reviewed by consumer reports and recommended.
He is now 3 months old and we are on our second bag (we just used up the one that came with the diaper pail at 2 months).
So far, no odors.
I usually take out 1 bag a week (full!).
They fit a lot of diapers inside.
I recently purchased a second diaper dekor plus for the downstairs as our regular trash can was starting to smell a bit.
I absolutely love this diaper pail and recommend it!
!This is a great diaper bin.
It operates great and seems to be well constructed.
My newborn's diapers easily drop into the Dekor with just a step of the pedal.
Once the Dekor is full, the bag is easily removed and cut to just the right length which means no bag is wasted.
The bags have proven to be durable and strong to support the weight of the diapers.
My nursery has been smell free from diaper odor because of the Dekor Plus Diaper System.
I love it!
It is a little awkward bag removal using the plastic liners, but the fact that you can decide how big to cut the bag is smart.
I have tried out a few of the others via my girlfriends, and none seem to be as easy to use and works as well.The foot pedal design to open the lid sold me.
(you're hands are busy enough!)
The seal is worth it!The diapers drop through another door that automatically opens when you drop the diaper on it, and closes back up after by it's self.The liner bags are well designed in that you tie off the bag at the bottom, and simply fill with diapers as you would a regular trash bag (no crazy long diaper sausage!)
The bottom opens up when you're ready to change the bag.
Tie it off again at the bottom, and you're all set!
(Sounds harder and more complicated then it really is.
)I did hesitated at the thought of having to buy replacement bags.
Not as costly as I had thought....especailly for the convienence of it all!!Smell.
As we all know, as baby's diet changes, so does the smell of her diapers!
I'd say, I didn't smell a THING until 6-7 months old with the introduction of solids.
Of course, I wouldn't want to think about how it'd be now without the Dekor!
I did my research before buying a diaper pail, and in a comparision test of the top selling diaper pails, this one was the winner....especailly smell factor!
I works great and I love that you can lock it.
Changing the bag smells, but any trash can would.
The refills last forever, it is totally simple to use and it really does not smell.
We dump the diapers about once a week, and there is literally no smell within that time.
I have to change the bag every time she has a BM.
I finally gave up and and bought another Diaper Genie.
Save your money, don't buy this product!We love the design, but it doesn't contain the odors.
We love how easily you can change the bag whenever you want and how much you can stuff into it.
I know, I know.
I urge you to look at how old their baby was at the time of the review and how long they had been using it.
If the baby was newborn - forget it.
They don't know what a stinky diaper smells like.
My little guy is 10 months old and our baby room smells like all those poo diapers - and I'm one of those pple that flushes solids down the toilet.
Just imagine if I left it.
No way.
I'd hunt again, look at the DATE OF THE REVIEWS and look for the highest reviewed product w/ the most CURRENT DATES.
?Diaper Dekor Plus Diaper Disposal SystemDiaper Dekor Plus Diaper Disposal SystemDiaper Dekor Plus PailDiaper Dekor Plus Diaper PailDiaper Dekor Disposable SystemDiaper Dekor Plus Diaper PailDiaper Dekor Plus PailPRO:-simple design.
!-my toddler quickly figured out at 1.5 yrs old how to lock-unlock the trap door-not durable getting beat up by my 2 yr old daughterVERDICT:for your first-time OCD moms, you're probably going to buy this diaper pail regardless of my review.
this is a fantastic diaper pail, but its just that none of the specific-to-only-holding-ditry-diapers trash cans are not really useful in the long term (after the child is 1 yrs old).
It usually fills up just as I am ready to do diaper laundry, so it has a great capacity.
We used the disposable liners that came with it until I ran out, and then used the re-usable cloth liners that I purchased separately.
Both were very easy to use, and helped to keep our nursery stink-free.
We are into eating solids now, too ... and if you have a baby you know what I'm talking about.-Easy to empty.
I love that I can just open the bottom, pull the bag out, cut it off, and the new bag is already loaded and waiting.
The bags also hold a lot of diapers.
I haven't counted, so I can't tell you exactly how many, but like I mentioned above, I only empty it once a week.-Locking lid.
There's a lock on the lid to prevent little hands from getting into the trash.
I've only replaced the bag once and that was around 3-4 months.Cons:-No indicator of when the bag refill is close to the end of the roll.
This is really my only complaint.
I think I read a review somewhere that suggested putting a pink line or some marker on the refill bags so you know when it's almost out.
It hasn't caused me any problems yet, but it would be helpful to know when I'm almost out of bag.-The lid sticks up sometimes, and doesn't close all the way.
Not a big deal because there's a second lid underneath that covers the diapers, but it's an annoyance.
I've recommended it to all my pregnant friends.We got the Diaper Genie as a shower gift.
I think they were the first to come out with a diaper disposal system, since the name "Diaper Genie" is to diapers as Xerox is to copiers.Unfortunately, the Diaper Genie is a terribly designed product (this from an engineer).
I'm serious.
You drop the diaper in and you're finished.As emptying it, it's as simple as trying to knots.
We haven't had to load a new refill, since these refills last as long as 5 of the Diaper Genie refills.As for the great odor debate, we found it to be slightly less odiforous than the Diaper Genie.
The door that you open to empty it is NOT child resistant.
Go to Home Depot, and buy a roll of the BLUE painter's masking tape.
It is in the paint section, and looke like a roll of masking tape, but it's blue.
Buy the 1 1/2" width.Put a strip over the recessed knob, and the kids won't be able to open the DIaper Dekor.
The best thing about it other than hardly any smell is the liners that come with last a long time, i did not have to buy refills until i had already used it for 6 months.
The reason I chose this garbage pail is because you can use whatever bags you like.
Now my sons' poop doesn't smell yet as he is an exclusively breast fed baby.
As others have mentioned, this is essentially a traditional step-action garbage can, with an additional door/flap to hold in the smell.
It hasn't happened to us, but it came close.The fix would just to be to have some sort of warning/indicator to show when the refill roll is about to run out.
The changing station we use most often is the one that attaches to his pack and play in our bedroom, and so this disposal system is in our bedroom all the time.
Bear in mind though, that my son is not yet on solids, and his poop is still just glorified bile.
The only time you will smell it is when you are tying up the bag when it's full, but that's when the whole system is open and you're smelling old poop from a couple of days ago.
That has to be expected.It holds a lot, we empty it about twice a week, and the refill cartridges last for AGES!
We have used it for 3 months, about 8 or 9 diapers a day (since my son has an INCREDIBLE knack of pooping before, during and after we change him) and we are only about half way through our second cartridge in total.
Like other reviewers, I would say they could do with putting a red strip at the end of the refill to let you know you're about to need to put a new one in, but you'd always have your next one ready to go anyway.
The door latch isn't very strong, and so the door can open ajar when the bag is quite full and bulging, but again, you'd be changing it by that point anyway, and that would allow the door to close properly again.It's a good price.
The system is also 7 months old, but all the springs and latches seem as strong as they were to begin with.
Sadly, there is a bit of an odor to this system now, and I tend to keep it out in the hallway instead of by the changing station in his room, just so the smell isn't enclosed in one small room all the time.
Out there, I honestly don't smell it unless I'm right up close to it, and don't feel the need to hide it when we have guests over.I absolutely stand by my 4 stars.
Pros: easy to use and change the bag.
Cons: the smell!
Every time I throw a diaper in there, the 1 second it takes for the diaper to enter the compartment is enough to release a foul odor!
And this happens even though my little one doesn't poop much and has barely started on solids.
Only smells when you toss a diaper in.Also, if you want to throw away just a diaper wipe, you can't because the 'trap door' requires pressure (from the weight of a used diaper or your hand) in order to enter the trash compartment.
I've had to do this several times).
We love the ability to take out the trash anytime, and the ease of getting to the bags and replacing the bags.
We have also put regular trash bags in when we have run out the refills and that works great as well.
This is one of the only diaper pails I have seen that would have a life beyond the baby stage.We are now on the third month of life with our little boy and his diapers are getting pretty stinky and so is this diaper disposal pail.
Once the diaper is in the pail, it is no longer stinky but when you drop the diaper in, the previous stinky diapers' smell wafts up and out of the pail and into the room.
yuck!
There is simply no way around this.
One way to mitigate it is to use Munchkin nursery fresheners or any other form of the deodorant/baking soda and place them at the bottom of the bin.
I use two and they help the odors coming from the bag into the container.
It holds about two days worth of diapers, just enough to wash every other day.
We had to remove the trap door insert to get it to hold the two days worth of diapers.
Otherwise it wouldn't last us until the next wash.
I also wish it had some kind of external lock on the lid, so that my toddler couldn't get the outside lid up and get her hands all over the inside.
Even with the trap door lock in place, she can still rub her hands all over the trap door and the inside lid and get germs on herself.The bags work well, but I feel like there's a lot of waste with having to tie a knot yourself.
Once the bags supplied with it ran out, we just used a regular 13 gallon trash bag.
It works just fine and is much cheaper.We are currently expecting baby #2, but we just bought a regular step trash can from Wal-mart for less than half of what the Dekor costs.
However, the thing we were most impressed with is the simple yet efficient disposal system.
Also, we like the re-usability aspect as a trash can for later.
Highly recommended product!I love the Diaper Dekor PLUS.
Its very convinent and our twins are almost 20 months old and we STILL use it, they are late bloomers and are in the 27% for height and weight.
Our son is 3 months old and we've only just opened a second bag a couple of weeks ago!
(Each box of refills contains 3 bags, but they include one bag when you purchase the Diaper Dekor Plus.)
The bag is a cinch to dispose of, and I LOVE how you can cut it off at any point you want.
my husband and i love how it is one continuous trashbag and we feel like we don't waste any space since you are essentially making the size of the bag by yourself.
i definitely recommend this trashcan!I couldn't be happier with this pail.
I researched pails all over the internet and I would have loved to purchase the $90 steel one but logic set in and I realized I could get this pail with 2 cloth liners for the same price!
I put this in my room because he is still a newborn and that is where he sleeps.
Also since I know this would have helped me when i was looking for a pail I did a diaper count.
This pail fits about 18 cloth pre folds/fitteds, 6 covers, 18 cloth wipes.This was the first diaper pail I wanted to get but we used cloth diapers for the first 8 months so I needed one that could be used wet or dry.
So I bought the diaper champ.
While I was using the champ there wasnt too much odor, of course I was washing diapers every other day so there wasnt much chance for odor to build up.
Its compact yet holds the same ammount of diapers that the "Champ" does.
Its the same size on top that it is on bottom so there is no chance of it tipping.
There are also no exposed holes to allow odor to escape.On the inside of the door on the bottom is a "cutting tool" that isnt exposed which you use to cut the bag and tie off.
SIMPLEUsing the Dekor is easy as well...no handles to twist or turn...you dont even have to use your hands.
All you do is step on the peddel and the lid pops up (just like a regular trash can) and you drop in your diaper.I will admit that when Im being lazy and just try to cram "one more" diaper in the dekor that there is a small odor that escapes when Im pushing that diaper in.
I have had mine over a month and have yet to change the bag.
I bought the box about a month ago thinking it would be anyday but it still hasnt run out!
Also the refills come in boxes of 3 so if one lasts at least two months then your looking at buying refills only twice a year!
AWESOME!!!
!We purchased two of these diaper pails in preparation for our son's arrival.
We love that there is a foot pedal for throwing the diaper in so you don't have to open the lid with your hand.
The inner flap can be locked if you have nosy toddlers or pets.
The refills are easy to install, and the bags are pretty easy to tie off and change.
There is a built-in blade for cutting the bag when taking a full bag of diapers out.
We generally don't have any problems with odor, and we take the accumulated diapers out twice a week.
Sometimes I'll notice an odor on the day that we will be taking the bag out, but other than that, I think it does a great job of keeping the odor in.There needs to be an odor absorber in here because holy moly, this thing stinks.
I started putting poopy diapers directly in the trash outside and only use it for pee diapers.
I actually sprayed it down with Lysol and left it outside for a day to air out but something about the plastic absorbs the odor and I can't seem to get rid of it.This pail is not only good for disposable diapers but cloth diapers as well!
It's great that it doesn't require any special type of bag.
You can put in a regular trash bag if you want or you can buy their refill bags.
I use it with a pail liner for my cloth diapers.It does a great job of keeping the smells in.
We can smell a poopie diaper after a few hours of discarding it in the system.I read many reviews before deciding on this product for our cloth diapering household.
It's just too small especially if you use the bulkier AIO or pocket diapers.
I'd say it holds just about a day's worth of diapers easily.
I plan to wash every other day and that's just too long for this pail and our diapers.Another concern I have is the durability.
Every day / every other day I have to put in a new cloth liner, and each time I am almost ready for one of the interior parts to break.
The "ring" inside and the mechanism that holds the liner just seems flimsy.
For cloth diapering, I wish I had purchased a larger pail.We did alot of research on diaper pails and this one came out on top.
and sturdy.
We also like the fact that it can be used as a trash can later on.
Most importantly, the bags are super easy to change!I don't smell anything unless I toss a diaper in, I can tell it's made from good quality too.I like how the diapers pile up like a regular trash bag and not a sausage link which the diaper genie does.
It has been very useful and easy to use.
I think when I can justify the expense I will try the ubbi, at least it is stainless steel and it shouldn't absorb the poop smell the way the plastic pails do and another bonus is you can use plain trash bags!
Poo stinks.My daughter is 2-1/2 years old and we have been using the diaper dekor since she was born.
It was very easy to dispose of the diapers, just step on the pedal and drop it in.
So now we use the Dekor as a trash can in the bathroom (which works great) and we use the regular trash for her diapers.
I am now expecting another child.
I researched the other pails out there, and even though they are more toddler proof, I think I will stick with the Dekor.
I can't imagine trying to wrestle with a diaper pail with two children.I could not imagine using a different diaper pail in my house.
(See note below for comment on bags)- Stylish design makes it very un-obtrusive in the nursery.
It didn't come covered in bright colored, garish stickers and advertisements.
I was able to take it out of the box and immediately start using it.
My husband is very happy with it and not bothered at all in using it.
I've had friends (and especially friends' husbands) complain about the diaper genie because of the issue of having to press the diapers through a seal.Side note: I highly recommend using the original refillsDiaper Dekor Plus Refills 2 Packbecause they do a lot to help with the odor control.
TheDiaper Dekor Plus 2-Pack Refill Biodegradableis not as effective, I think because of the different plastic they use to make them "biodegradable".Overall, I'm completely satisfied with it and so glad I did all of the research I did!Mine broke the first week I had it.
(One of the inner flap's spring broke.)
It definitely helps with the smell.
Before, I was emptying a lidded garbage can each day and now I only have to do it about once a week.
I keep a box of baking soda in the bottom to absorb some of the odor as well.
Biodegradable refills2.
Double barrier lid (flip-up lid and then another trap door type lid)3.
Lockable lid (there is a knob that turns to lock the trap door so toddlers can't throw in random items you have to fish out...yuck!)4.
The foot pedal is the main reason we chose this product.
With a squirming child, being able to use one hand for diaper disposal is a plus!
We have had no issues with odor.
I also love the economical practicality of the refills.
The fact that you can choose how much of the bag to tie up makes it user friendly and saves money.
In the nursery, it looks like just a waste basket instead of a "poop disposal unit" as my husband calls it.
I can't say enough about how easy it is to change the refills and empty the bags.
We have twins thus, two bins and the rooms that the bins are in STINK!
I am replacing them.We have the changing table in our bedroom and the Diaper Dekor right beside it.
But as she got older and the "stuff" got stronger, we tend to get a wiff when you walk by now and then (That just tells us that it's time to change the bag, and most times it's pretty full before you start to notice the smell, so it pretty much needs changed anyway)  As long as you change the bags when it's time for the weekly garbage pickup you should be fine.
You can use this system with one hand.
But the bags last a long time.
I had my baby in December 2005 and I am still using the original bags it came with as of February 2006.
Well worth the money.We've been using this for two and a half years now and with two kids.
The only time I smell anything is when it's pretty full and I open the top to put a diaper in, or on those rare occasions where it's super full and we haven't emptied it in a while.We've been using the Diaper Dekor Plus since our baby was born eight months ago.
I don't notice any smell and I have a sensitive sniffer.
It's very easy to use.
The only improvement I could think of is if they designed it so the inside flaps open too when you press down on the foot pedal that opens the lid.
That, or, if they made it taller the inner flaps would have more space to go down.
My son is 6 months old and we've used the liner that came with product, plus two more.
We can get anywhere from 15-30 diapers in it before it needs to be emptied, depending on how tight I roll the dirty diapers.We've not had a smell issue, even though this kid can really make some stinky ones!
We went on vacation for 2 weeks and forgot to empty it before we left.
I would still stick with this one, for sure.Ok, I own a diaper genie and this pail as well.
I used to use a regular can for wet diapers, and the genie for the poopy diapers, and it worked fine -until my baby was old enough to start messing with the trash can.
At that point, I needed a locked pail, and bought this for wet diapers only.
It worked great for that purpose.
Then my second baby was born and I started using it for all of the young babies diapers.
Boy did that make me mad.
Now, I simply use cheap 13 gallon kitchen size trash bags (or medium size would work also I believe) and it's very easy to fit them in this pail...tuck it around the top ridge and it won't collapse and it's cheaper than using genie replacements (it holds more than a genie too).In summary, if you buy one pail only, the genie is still the best, you just have to suck up the cost of refills.
I might also buy a second of THIS pail to keep downstairs for the few diapers we change down there, and to ensure the dogs don't get in the trash which happened a time or two.
This is a good "light use" pail with flexible bag options, so for that I give 4 stars.It might have been my own fault, I ready some really great reviews on this product so I thought I would love it, but it was not that great.
I like the fact that you can size your own trash bags but other than that it is just a fancy kitchen trash can.I absolutely LOVE the design of this pail.
However, it releases odors when you open the lid to dispose the diaper, and the flap broke already.
I have only had this for 6 months.
The dekor is in my daughters bedroom and is completely odor free.
I would suggest this to everyone.I live in a trailer and we have super tiny rooms.
This pail is a life saver.
Since I'm a stay at home mom just about all the poops go in here but you can never tell there's a poop in the tiny room because it keeps the smell in so well!
Just hold your breath when you go to throw another in and do it fast!
When my husband takes the trash out at night he apologizes to me for having to deal with that smell.
The pail is super lightweight and the bags last a while!We have had a diaper genie at both my home and my parents.
So, when that broke after 2+ years, we got this with baby 2.
it is easier to use, however it is much more smelly.
I had no strong feelings about it.
It's easy to use, keeps odor to a minimum, and refilling it is a piece of cake.
Other than that, I think it's perfect.I received this item at my baby shower (11/03) and we still have it.
The doors keep falling off, it fills up fast.
My daughter who's into everything have learned how to open the top and remove all the diapers.
She know that the door doesn't close and falls apart, so she's always where the plastic bag is.
We had to put kidco locks on the top to keep the top from opening and another lock on the door, because when we would open it, it would come out of it's holders.
But, when it has some stinky diapers in it, it stinks and so does her room.
I have to put air freshners inside it to help with the odor.Not a great pail, it doesn't cost cheap, but it's made cheap.I use it with the re-usable cloth diapering Dekor Bags and it has been WONDERFUL.If you haven't already added it to your baby registry.... DO IT!
The only one I have no experience with is the Diaper Champ.
I feel that if a diaper system smells then there is no point in purchasing one.
You could just buy a cheap Rubbermaid trashcan instead.
I am very glad I received this as a shower gift.I've been using this pail for 1 month now and it has been wonderful.
We are going to buy another one for the upper floor.
It contains odor really well (I realize breasted newborns don't stink).
The pail looks great too, I bought the sage color.
Great buy!My baby is 8 months old and we've had this since she bas born.
It fits MANY diapers as well--I find that we have to change it only once every 4-5 days.
The refill pack comes with three refills and each refill lasts us about 2 months.
Diaper Champ and Diaper Genie).
Using it is as simple as pressing the foot pedal and dropping in the diaper.
But all I do is simply lift up the lid and drop the diaper in--no problems!
It is very nice looking as well--does not look like a diaper pail, so it could be used as a garbage can in the future (the top diaper drop part comes out so that it can be used for just this reason).
The refills are also very easy to use--just open the lid, drop one in, and pull the bag down and tie a knot.
Very simple.
I would recommend this diaper pail to anyone!I use a cloth diaper service, they pick up and drop off once a week.
For the price, you would think that it would seal each diaper individually.
The less expense models (even the Wal-Mart brand) will.
The bag gets emptied daily and there are no smells of diapers in her room.
Much less expense option and works the same as this system!Yes, it comes with starter bags... if I remember right, the first starter, bag lasted about 6 weeks - I cant remember if it had one or 2 refills with it when we bought it, sorry.
And, this is a great pail to use for something else when you are finished using it for diapers...
No odor, no mess, and very very easy to change the bag.
Just one snip with the siccors and tie 2 nots (one in the top of the used portion - and one to close off the new portion) ---- That's it!!
!You can even change it wile baby is sleeping.
Since there is no loud popping noise of opening a new bag (you just pull the next portion down) my baby sleeps right through it!!
!This was the third diaper pail I have purchased in a little over a year.
I have to say, I think that it is my favorite so far.
I like that there is a lever on the bottom you can step on so you dont even have to touch anything if you don't want to.
The refills last FOREVER... and I also feel like these bags take a while to fill up.
You can cram a lot in there until it's time to cut off the bag and tie it up.
I would definitely recommend this over the rest of the pails!We got the Dekor and the Diaper Champ as gifts and kept both for the two changing areas in our house.
and changing the bags is simple--just open the front door, cut the top of the bag with the built in safety cutting device, knot the bag, and pull down the plastic for the next bag.
The refills are expensive, but they last a long time, especially if you "wrap" the diapers up and secure them well with the tabs to save space.
I would have no hesitation recommending this for anyone!I have had this diaper pail for about 2 1/2 years, I recieved it at my first sons baby shower.
I had actually registered for the Diaper Genie, and was dissapointed when I got this one.
It holds a ton of diapers and pull-ups!
I find it unnessesary to "dump" the "#2" into the toilet first, this pail handles the job as it is.
It is very easy to dump in a diaper one handed, and the refils last months, litteraly!
I just bought refils a few days ago, my other ones I had since my second son came home from the hospital, four months ago!
My 2 1/2 year old can not figure out how to open this though (thank goodness!)
and he is not potty trained, but will be soon!
I love it, and my house guests are amazed that I actually change diapers in my house, not one whiff!I was pretty excited when I ordered this diaper can, it seemed like a good concept, and I didn't want to do a diaper genie.
It is a good idea, unfortunately it doesn't play out as well in reality.
The plastic has absorbed the odors of dirty and wet diapers, so now, even when it is empty it smells....bad.
It left my daughter's room with a dirty diaper smell.
In order to attempt to solve this issue without getting rid of it I have scrubbed the empty can down with bleach and odor eliminator, have sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the new bag and have bought Arm and Hammer diaper trash bags to tie each individual dirty dirty diaper in before throwing away in the Dekor.
Hopefully this will help with the stink.I love the Dekor plus.
I loathe the diaper champ.
My mother and sister use diaper champ and I have the diaper dekor plus.
I get mad every time i have to use diaper champ.
when it is full you can still set a diaper on the opening and it will fall in when you change the bag.
With diaper champ you have to plan ahead and pull open the unit or you have a dirty diaper in one hand and have to leave the baby to use your free hand to open the champ.
Champ will NOT EVEN open if it is full so now you are struggling with dirty diaper in hand and loose baby.
It is very subpar.
With dekor you just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in or set on top if full.
I have a very sensitive nose, and the only time I catch the odor from within is if I purposely hold the two flap doors open and take a whiff, or when I'm changing the bag and compacting the full one with my knee to squeeze all the air out (definitely an outside task -- stinky!).
(2) Price the bags before hand, because as others have pointed out, they're the real expense over time.
I shopped around for a repair kit and came up empty, so emailed the company.
They quickly -- and gratis -- sent out a replacement flapper door that easily snapped into place.
Problem solved.
(4) It's pretty durable.
Our oldest regularly climbs and sits on this -- says it's his rocket.
He hasn't managed to break anything, despite it being very conventional construction (i.e.
lightweight, not overbuilt, though I hesitate to call it flimsy).After checking out all the different kinds of diaper pails we decided to go with this one.
As for changing the liner, it is very easy.
When I saw that the refills cost about $20.00 for 3 bags I thought oh my gosh.
But they last such a long time that it is very worth it!
My daughter is 1 year old now and we've only had to buy maybe 4 refills so far.
Unless you leave dirty ones in there for a few days.
We take them out probably 3 times a week, and that works great.
I would recommend this pail to anyone.This is a MUST HAVE!!!!
There is no fiddling around with spinning the top like the Diaper Genie.
You just step on the foot pedal to open the top and drop in the diaper.
You can even do it while holding the baby.
It also controls the odor very well.
It looks and works like a regular trash can - just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in.
The refills are very simple to replace and when it's time to empty the pail, all you do is cut the bag, tie a knot and you're done!
Although it is small, it holds a ton of diapers -- so far we only have to empty it about once a week.
The refills are a little pricey, but a 3-pack lasts several months.
You definitely want this one on your registry!
!This diaper pail was great when my daughter was a newborn and her diapers didn't have much odor.
Now that she is older I have realized the (1) it doesn't hold that many diapers and (2) it DOES NOT CONTAIN THE SMELL AT ALL!!!!!!
Look elsewhere for a diaper pailThis diaper pail is great because it can hold a lot of diapers and has a great little flap that keeps the diaper smell trapped away.
I totally recommend this product.Great design!
Love the continuous bag that reduces waste and gives us control over when to empty.
Trap door keeps odors at bay and sleek design looks great in the nursery.
Got it right on my first try.
But I love that with the Dekor bags you can just cut it off wherever you want and toss it in the trash without feeling like you're wasting a bag.
One thing that could be made better, though, is to have the lid swing all the way open when you're changing the bag cartridge out.I have only been using this diaper pail for 7 weeks, and I hate it.
I have two boys in diapers - one about to turn 2, the other 7 weeks old.
The pail is so tiny, I have to change the bag daily.
When it gets more than half full, the top won't close, letting out all the poop odors.
Because the second inner door flap goes inwards, it prevents you from being able to fill a bag completely because it runs into the diapers.
This also causes that inner door flap to get a little gross.
I only take this out once it is FULL, and you can't smell it in her nursery at all.
I did read several reviews that the biodegratable ones aren't quite as good, so I have only used the original onesWe have had this for 7 1/2 months and are just now using the last bag in our first refill pack.
No issues with odor or use.
I liked the concept of just slicing the bottom of the stretch of plastic bag where we needed and then knotting the opening to form a bottom again.
It was very convenient to step on the lid, have it pop right open, and drop the used diaper in, usually pretty neatly.
Then, as we started to incorporate baby food into his diet, the pail was just... sorta workin'.
It's getting to where I can't wait until trash day.
But from what I've read on most of them, none of them contain odor too well once the poop isn't little baby poop any longer.
Anyway, I'm thinking we're going to just get a tiny close-lid trash can and take the poopy diapers out at the end of every day in a plastic grocery bag.
We have a ton of those and they're free, soooo... that's my plan.
Neat concept, but not really worth the money as far as I can tell.My toddler is just over 2 years old and I've been using this pail since he was born.
Even when the pail is completely full.
The only time I smell that is when changing the bag (so it's wide open) or if it's overfull and one of the diapers is holding open those inner flaps.
Otherwise, nope.
No smells.
Until he's toilet trained I will continue to use this and I would absolutely use it with another baby.
), and as someone else said, it'd be great to have some marking toward the end of the refill so you know when it's nearly done.
I love this pail...
=)Plus:1.
Easy to use.
Good odor control.3.
Even regular trash bags cost something...4.
He hasn't even made a move for it, which says something impressive about its odor control.5.
Holds a lot of diapers- we empty about every 5 days.Minus:1.
So long as you've ordered extras ahead of time, this isn't a big deal, but if you haven't, you're in trouble for a couple of days.Don't fall for the Diaper Genie hype.
This is an EXCELLENT product - it doesn't waste plastic by wrapping individual diapers and it still smells great.
Replacing the bag is simple and the in-door cutter is so helpful.
We only have to empty it about once a week or even less, but we also tend to stuff it to the very top!
Sometimes I have noticed an odor when I go to put another diaper in, but that is almost always because it's too full and I'm literally shoving another one in there, therefore allowing time for odors to escape!
When it's closed up, no odors.
My son is now 6 months and starting solids, so we will see if the smell is still contained once his poops really start stinking :-)Agree though with one other reviewer that it would be nice if you got a heads up that the bag inside was almost out (like changing color or something).I'm sooo glad that I bought this item.
It NEVER stinks.
I don't know how it holds in the smell of my boys diapers, but it does.
It holds many more diapers than the average diaper can/disposal system.
I only change it every week and a half to two weeks.
It took me about 90 days to use up my first refill.
I like the fact that I can buy refills online and they come in the mail.I buy the refill packs of three.
My boy is 4 months old now and we are only on the beginning of the second refill.
Refills are only available in Babies R US or at Babies R Us online.
I accidentally bought "diaper dekor" refills.
Oops!
Had to exchange them.When I babysat 10+ years ago in junior high I always got confused with the diaper genie, but this is so simple and easy to use.
I did find that this was about $10-$15 overpriced on Amazon compared to Babies'R'Us and Buy Buy Baby.
This product has held up well in the 8 months we've used it and keeps the room from not smelling.I did a lot of research and decided to register for the Diaper Dekkor+  It is a wonderful product.
I love the one handed easiness of the product and the bags are simple to change.
It is very easy to dispose of the bag when it is full and there is no diaper odor in my daughter's nursery.
p.s.
Here is a tip: buy a Stick up air freshener and stick it inside the diaper pail (on the wall of the pail where the diapers go) this won't completely alleviate the smell but it will help and also spray it frequently with lysol.The Daiper Dekor Plus works pretty well for the first 8 months.
Like most trash cans, you step on the pedal to open the lid.
A smaller, spring loaded interior lid keeps the diapers out of sight.
When you want to toss your diapers, you open the front side of the unit, cinch the bag at the top, and cut it on the safety blade inside.
You then tie a knot on the bag you just cut, and another to start a new bag, and you're done.
This feature seems a little gimmicky.
You could easily have a bag dispenser inside with individually cut bags, the way they do produce bags at the supermarket, so you wouldn't have to cut and tie each time.
Who wants their nursery to smell like poop?
And since they're bigger now, the Dekor also doesn't hold as many diapers as it used to.
If I had the chance to do it all over again, I think I'd try one of those instead.This diaper pail is great!
I read a few other reviews and would like to comment based on them.Our son will be 5 months old this week.
He was exclusively breastfed, then had formula added to his diet, and now also eats jarred foods.
The liner sets in the top of the pail and you pull it through to the bottom and make a knot in the bottom.
To dispose of the diapers, you just step on a pedal.
The top lifts up, you drop the diaper, and it falls through the "flaps."
When it's full, you open the door on the front and cut the liner off (there is a liner-cutter in the door).
You are totally in control of how much liner you use and therefore don't have to waste or have a huge portion of liner that is unfilled.
Then you just tie a new knot and pull the liner down to fill the pail, and you're ready to start again!
We are on the first refill in the first pack.
If you go to pull down the liner and it you hit the end of the refill...well, it's like saying you don't know when your paper towel roll comes to an end.
You pull and there is no more.Someone also commented on the flaps, and how the diapers don't fall through.
I disagree with that.
Regardless of my son's age, as long as he urinated more than once in his diaper and there was any kind of weight to it at all, it would fall through.
And even then, if you just take your foot off the pedal and let the top fall down, it would push it through anyway.
The one area I do agree with that person in, though, is that when the pail starts filling up, if you really want to maximize the liner and not change it right away, you DO have to push down on the top diaper to get it to go down far enough for the flaps to close again.
There is a drawing that shows you how to do it, and once it's done, you won't be doing it again for months.
If you're looking for a disposal system so you don't have to worry about constantly getting dirty diapers out of your house, I'd really have to say this one is the way to go!Works perfectly well - keeps smells out.
Also much cheaper than the Diaper Genie option.
Keeps the mess and the smell where it belongs.After reading dozens of reviews on other diaper pails and checking them out at the stores, we decided on the Diaper Dekor Plus for when our son was born.
The refill that came with the pail lasted until my son was almost three months old.
You just step on the toe-button or lift the lid by hand and drop in the diaper.
The only time we have any smell is when the bag is full and ready to come out.
Since my son has been in daycare, we only have to change the bag out about every 6 days, and it's only at that 5th or 6th day that there is a slight smell.
At the suggestion of another reviewer, I put a stick-on air-freshener to help with that.The one time I had to replace the refill was easy.
To change out a bag is easy, too:  just knot the bag, cut it with the cutter, and knot the bottom.
Then I grab the diaper off the pail, wrap it up with all the used wipes, and toss it in.
I wouldn't be able to set the diaper there with most other diaper pails.