
Made life easier when the doctor would ask questions about habits because we had it all right thereThis book is such a life saver.
It has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.
This is super easy to use and helps me keep track of his daily routine.
When he started going to the sitter when I went back to work, it helped me know how his day went to better prepare me for how the evening would most likely go.
It's also nice to be able to look back on previous days and weeks for eating and sleeping patterns.
I would have preferred a plastic-type cover, but it's held up well so farThis is great for basics, but I wish the space to write things in was bigger.
It was the best way to have some cohesion in his life while I was at workThis book is perfect!
I'm a first time new mom, and this book made it so easy to keep track of feedings, diaper changes, sleep.
They're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.I started using the Newborn Baby Tracker, which tracks nights and days.
It gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones.
Plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trendsDuring your postpartum stay at the hospital the nurses will ask you to keep a log of your baby's feedings, urination and bowel movements.
The nice thing is that if we had a rough night and we are super tired, we have something to refer to if we forgot when we last fed the baby or when he woke up.
Nanny is able to fill it out easily....love itI like this log, but think it would work better with clearer AM & PM sections.
Each page is 12 hours so you really need two pages a day if your baby feeds or wets a lot in the early morning hours between midnight and 7am.
We're cramming those in to the 2 blank spaces above 7am right nowMy wife and I have a six month old baby boy and around the 4-month mark my wife decided that she would return to work instead of being a stay-at-home mom.
We used a plain notebook for a period of weeks until we stumbled on the Baby Tracker - Daily Childcare Journal.--------------------LAYOUT AND USE:The Baby Tracker is really an excellent idea.
The legibility in the Baby Tracker is a huge improvement over our standard notebook entries that really ended up becoming small paragraphs.
However, we really wanted to track our little boy's entire day which often starts much earlier than 6am.
Using this journal that would require the use of a second page.--------------------WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(+) Good layout that is easy to read and instantly gather information about your baby's day in a matter of moments(+) High quality paper(+) Consistent quality between the pages--------------------WHAT I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(-) Expensive and gets you at most 6-months, less if you use more than one page for tracking your babies entire day(-) The cover is thick but not a hardback and bends easily in a diaper bag(-) The pages should really be bigger.
This is an adequate journal but expensive for what you get and limitations because of page sizeI thought keeping a simple handwritten journal would be nice.
When you're breastfeeding, it's often nice to have your phone close by so that you can keep yourself entertained.
I really like the app I have (Baby Connect).
It gives me better data.
It makes it easy to track things and write down developmental notes in an organized way.
Great bookThis item was extremely helpful, especially with 3 adults sharing baby care responsibilities.
My husband of mom didn't have to wake me up to ask when the baby had eaten or been changed.
It's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;Oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.
What I really love about it, though, is that it was so easy for me to jot down all of his major milestones as they happened.
I color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.
I plan on ordering 3 more so I have enough to track this entire first year of his lifeI didn't think I would really use this and I was wrong.In the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm I was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones.
Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.
They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.
It is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc).
I also used it to jot down other important &#34;mile stone&#34; things that I would have quickly forgotten&#8230;like outings, temperature readings, visits from friends to meet him, calls to make, when we stopped swaddling him, etc.
My little one had feeding issues and it was necessary to explain his habits and behavior to the pediatrician and several lactation consultants.
His feeding issues also contributed to sleep issues, which I was also able to track in the journal.
After weeks of sleep deprivation, the Dark Period, I could easily respond to the pediatrician's questions by referring to entries in the baby tracker.It's nice to look back at the Dark Period and see how far we've comeGreat way to keep track of important daily activities/tasks when you are trying to get used to your new baby's routine.I include this as a gift to all of my friends now when they are having a babyLove this book!
It makes life much easier knowing my child's meal and nap times.
Much easier to plan you day around baby when you can start predicting what their schedule will be for the day.
Plus it makes it easier on the caregiver to learn childs patterns as well.
It even became a good tool to use with my nanny once I went back to workif I didn't suck at documenting.
I can really see how this would help with finding a schedule but I decided to let baby lead since we have a very flexible lifestyleEasy to track feeding, playtime, changes, naps etc.
Would highly recommend for those Type-A personasMy husband gave this to me as a Christmas gift as our baby was due in February.
I could use the space to make more notes and comment on something cute that dayThis is the best way to keep track of when your baby eats, sleeps, poops, gets a bath, etc.
We had been keeping notes -on loose sheets of paper- of baby's feedings and diaper output (so crucial those first few days).
I have continued using it and it really makes me feel organized and in control.
I highly recommend thisInside is nice and clean.
We usually end up entering the data when we get home so our app can tabulate everything for us in easy to read charts.I kind of like this too because it helps us to review what was going on during the day while we weren't at homeI used this for my little on and it was really nice for me as a new mom to have everything so well organized.
It can be extremely overwhelming, especially when breastfeeding every 2 hours.
It made it easier to figure out what gave my baby gas or why she slept better on certain days.Coupled with the Itzbeen Pocket Nanny Timer (which is also a necessity), I never really lost track (or my mind).
One of the most useful items yetThis product is awesome.
Highly recommended as a perfect way to keep track and organize information in one easy to travel with placeThis was a lifesaver especially during the first couple of months.
Being a new mom (and dad) we were exhausted and I can't imagine trying to remember when the baby was last fed, changed, etc.
It is a good size and plenty of room to write everything down that you need.
It is laid out very well and easy to read/understand when handing off care from parent to parent (or whoever).
This book is perfect!
Once we introduced solid foods, I could track when I offered new foods to watch for signs of intolerance.
I highly recommend for new or seasoned momsMy son's therapist brings this toy over and he just loves it.
This is one of his favorite toys and he doesn't play with a lot of baby and toddler toys (gets bored easyI really like these and so do my kids.
They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggestThese are such nice cars to teach little ones numbers and the stacking value.
It's just a nice change from the nesting blocks and it's fun to hear all the vehicle sounds that children make with these guys.
The bright colourful colours really held her attention.
They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.
The smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little handsI bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.
It is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as I set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting.
And they aren't too big- a perfect sizeThis is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth.
I would highly recommend this itemI was looking for something different than your typical stacking cups for my sons birthday.
They also have the function of just being play cars, which is nice.
Clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was oneThis is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth.
I would highly recommend this itemI think this is an adorable book.
It's pricey, but it's good quality and much easier on the pocketbook than others.
Great book, and I love that all the pieces are attachedThis book keeps my 2-year-old entertained for a decent amount of time, and I like that it's washable.
It has a good number/variety of activities in it, especially as compared to other similar types of books.There are some activities for babies, but I think toddlers/pre-schoolers will get the most use out of it.
There are also some &#34;older&#34; activities, like the clock, or tying a shoe.Overall, good purchaseI had a book similar to this as a child and it brings back wonderful memories!
Overall it's an item that he can grow into and it's super cutemy 3 and 4 year old love this book.
we take it to church to entertain them and each week they are excited to get it outI really like this book.
I see a lot of quality time spent with this book in the futureI bought this book for my almost 2 year old daughter hoping it would be a nice activity on a plane trip.
It is well constructed and attractive (though I must say not as nice as the quiet book my mother sewed for me as a toddler).The activities are:Page 1: Shape matching, different colored shapes match to same shaped outlines with velcro attachments.
He hasn't been able to play with it yet, but I was very happy going through it.
It either is really soothing or he just likes how it feels or something because hes 10mo old now and he still loves it...!
I gave this to her when she was 4 months since she keeps on sticking items in her mouthmy 5mth old daughter really likes this teething toy.
i like that the 3 sides of the star have different ribbing so it feels different on her gums.
!There were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not- the packing says they are NOT.
He has a mini dodge ball and he sticks his face/mouth on the ball and all you have to do is tap the ball and he's a happy baby.
I also bought an infant gum massager electric toothbrush because he was always interested when I brush my teeth.
Don't really know if the vibration massages.
It is very easy for the little one to stimulate the vibrating action, making it a huge hitThis product sucks.
Once she got a little bigger it was a much better toy for her.
Hopefully as she becomes stronger she can use this product better.
But overall I really like itThe yellow part vibrates once little gums/teeth chomp down on it.
easy to hold on to, can easily hook (Via rings or carabiner) to a diaper bag etc.
He liked playing with it more than he liked teething on itI have two of these teethers and both see variable use as my little guy goes through teething spurts.In between, he actually likes sitting or kneeling on the star to get it to vibrate.But as soon as his gums start hurting, he goes straight for this toy.Also, it's a smart packaging extra to have the 'free ring' on top which clearly doubles for hanging purposesMy son is obsessed with this teether!!
It really soothed her and calmed her down.
Plus, I think it feels good on his gumsMy baby liked the massaging action but it took time for him to realize how to do it.
However after only a day or two she figured it out and seems to enjoy it but still seems to prefer Sophie over anything else.
This product is good qualityAt first he was unsure about it, but now he likes to use it.
=( It might be a wonderful product for other babies, though!
The shape/handle made it really easy for him to hold.
Nice to have something different from all of the other teethers out there.
The nice thing is that when she no longer wants it to vibrate, she still has fun the with handle the spins.
Hopefully, it will work better for youWe have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I don't know if she favors one for the other.
We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It's a great find and I wish I had come across it soonerMy son really likes this teether.He likes the bottom as well as the vibrating side.My only issue is that it is a bit large and a bit heavy,and he tends to slam it a lot (often on my hand or leg)when I am holding him.
Also, it is different from other teethers in that when they are done using it, they don't seem like they are still in pain and need to go gnaw on something else.
They actually seem like they feel better, so we are able to give them less ibuprofen which I feel is really a good thingEveryone should buy this!
Maybe better for older teethersOur teething baby absolutely loved loved this product and would seek it out to sooth his sore gums.
She also likes it because it has some weight to it and she can really throw it pretty far!
Specifically, when they test it for BPA, lead, and phthalates, is there an acceptable amount allowed?!
The massager really has to be squeezed in order to workI bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs, on the recommendation of her occupational therapist.
I thought maybe he's just too young & not interested in it(even though he did have 2 teeth already) He is now 8 months old, and still isn't very interested in this teether.
The reason I bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up.
He would rather pick up a toy car, or some sort of stuffed toy, which I understand every child is different.
The colors catch their attention while the different shapes keep their hands and mouths amused.
I'd recommend it to any parent of a very young child- especially for the priceMy daughter loves this and it keeps her happy for a long time.
It is also very easy to wash to keep clean as wellmy daughter likes this a lot.
My next carrier will be unpaddedI really wanted to love this sling.
I put him in the cradle position, but I was so afraid he was going to sufficate on the fabric around him, I had to keep my hand in the sling next to his face.As he got older, it did get easier to use.
It was good to use while in the grocery store.
He likes the &quot;kangaroo&quot; position best.
The usual type carriers which have baby putting all their weight on their pelvic bone aren't good for their developing bones.
They fit on a standard pack-n-play too which is nice.
There really aren't a ton of places you can buy these, so I wasn't too concerned about the price.
All told, Baby Bungalow did offer it for the best price, including shipping.While the sheet is a perfect fit, I was perplexed by the 'button' holes on the under side of each corner.
It is a good quality sheet.
Try it in the store on a stroller like you own before buyingyou couldn't ask for a better diaper pail.
A good buyI originally had another pail and it broke after about 9 months of use, so I got this one.
It is very easy to use and keeps the diapers away from little hands.
Not a good design.
We didn't end up cloth diapering after all, but feel fortunate to have gotten the champ.Reasons we love the champ:*1) Cost- no specialized (expensive) bags.
We've put some really eye-watering, throat gagging diapers into this contraption and the smell doesn't sneak out- even over time.
As it emits a powerful odor when the lid is opened, I'm happy they can't figure it out.
I think this lid will confound any toddler, but it's really simple for parents once you get the concept down.I just wish it could empty its own "payload."
She said that it did a good job and I didn't have to buy any special bags.
So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed babyI registered for the Diaper Champ after seeing the reviews and I cannot talk enough about it.
It is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can SAFELY keep the other one on your baby.
It's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!!
It is easier to use.
But the good side is, it is easy to pop back on.The diaper champ is really durable.
I highly recommend it to anyoneI truly believe this is the best diaper pail on the market...
I highly recommend this product.
It is very easy to drop in your dirty diapersI've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).
My 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.
I usually change mine twice a week on garbage day.-You still have to clean the thing!!
I usually spray the inside w/ Lysol when I change the bag and/ or wipe it w/ antibacterial wipes.
On occasion I wipe it w/ cleaner just as I would clean by bathroom.-For those complaining about toddler diaper odors.
easy to replace when full and it just worksI love these pails so much that we have two of them doing diaper duty!!
I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use.
I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
So easy to use, definitely recommendThis diaper pail has NO ODOR and is the perfect size.
Very easy to use and seriously, you do not smell any poopy diapersWe bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the Diaper Genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags.
Her diapers are MUCH different then my 3 month old son though.
So overall I love the Diaper ChampI have no doubt that my wife and I will be happy with the Diaper Champ (our first baby is due in two weeks).
Extremely easy to use, no assembly requiredAt only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.
It's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.
The design is absolutely ingenious and the fact that it takes regular trash bags is a definite plus!
I usually wipe the Champ off with a Clorox Wipe each time I change the bag, but my husband decided to take apart the Champ a few weeks ago to give it a thorough cleaning with some bleach water, and he mentioned that the gaskets were looking worn out.
Overall, I am very pleased with our purchaseMy biggest concern was would this truly control the odor and yes it did...dirty diapes and soaked diapers.....I only noticed an odor one time and that was because I did not close thelid when I changed out the bag.
No need for deodorizers.I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty...even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
I clean it every other week with Clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
it really does hide the smell.
It is so easy to use - one handed diaper disposable with the quick flip handle and so easy to empty.
So easy!
I highly recommed this product if you want a clean, simple, and convenient diaper pailthe diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
of course you have to clean the whole thing out from time to time (which should be expected considering the toxic waste it stores!
as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags.
It lasts me about 2 days.... 3 if I really stretch it.It has no odor, other than when you open it, but that is inevitable.Infact, the Babies R Us in my area uses this product in their &quot;mother's room&quot;.
That seems to say alot!And the best part is that its cheapest over the long run... no special bags to buy... what a pain that seems to me.
I use plain old garbage bags... or even very large shopping bags.Great productALL DIAPERS SMELL, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods.
There is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioningI agree it's better than the genie.
It's very easy to use, and it seals out the odor as well.
I wanted to get this for our use, but my genie is still in good use.
We take ours out daily - this product tends to make you lazy and by the time you fill it - YUCK!Save your money and just throw your diapers in the trashlove it because it uses the bags from the grocery store.
Sounds gross I know but that's how awesome it really is!
AND it's super easy to use and you don't have to buy bag refills.
And this is perfect for babies that grow into inquisitive toddlers - the Champ is much bigger than the Genie so it can't be easily hauled around by an adventurous baby and it's easy to keep her out of the messy contents as well (unlike regular diaper pails or trash cans)!Another reason I prefer the Champ is the fact that there are no "blades" involved.
Just simple, clean, odor resistant, in-expensive to maintain/operate and safe!I'd recommend the Champ to anyone - buy it, you won't be sorryWhat I liked: Contained the smell.
(I have used the Diaper Genie at a friend's place - didn't like itThis is a wonderful product.
In addition, it's very easy to use.
We love this product so much that when I see people at the store looking at the Diaper Genie vs. the Champ I will go up to them and tell them to select the Diaper ChampThis is a great pail.
Additionally, it really has a one-handed operationIt holds odors pretty well.
I'm really happy with it and would recommend it to all of my friends and familyWe like that this product uses regular trash bags while still containing a lot of diapers.
- won't topple over.REGULAR GARBAGE BAGSOne hand useI love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...I like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch!
It's so easy to use.
The Diaper Champ was hands down the best diaper pail I used while my child was in diapers (I used three: Diaper Genie, Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and the Diaper Champ).
I didn't have to spend loads of money on the special Diaper Genie bags anymore, it had far superior odor control as compared to the Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and it's really easy to use - drop a diaper in, flip the handle over, done!
I passed this diaper pail on to a friend once I was finished with it, and will happily purchase it for other friends in the futureIt is so easy to use.
The handle system fascinates little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears, which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keysEasy to use, easy to clean, cheaper to use, not bad-looking either.
But it will certainly be an even greater challenge for your child to openLet's face it.
Thanks, but no.All in all, I really like my Diaper Champ.
It's also taller than the genie which is good for me, I don't have to bend over so much to flip the lidThis is a fine product and I am happy with it.
I'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.
Even the "new and improved" Diaper Genie can't compare to the Diaper Champ.The Diaper Champ uses regular size trash bags where the Diaper Genie requires special refills.
I really think some people don't realize this.
When I first had my son, I bought a diaper champ to keep at my mom's house.
When my mom used to change him, she'd dispose of the diaper in the diaper champ, but didn't change the pail.
Now, mom's back on track and loving her Diaper Champ.As far as the odor issue goes, I have seen no difference in odor control between the Diaper Genie vs the Diaper Champ - both work pretty well to contain and control odor better than a regular trash barrel, but neither are odor proofOK - my husband used to leave restaraunts when a couple with a baby in a diaper came in, but he doesn't even mind emptying the Diaper Champ at all.
Aerobic decomposition smells better than anaerobic decomposition, and whatever is going on in there, you smell it when you change bags.We do empty it twice a week (it gets full that often, anyway).It did get stuck a couple of times when it was WAY TOO FULL.
Her daughter was nearly two years old by then, and the contents of her diapers are a lot different from the contents of an infant's diapersI was recommended this by a fellow mom before we had our daughter and purchased it from Baby's R Us.
It's fabulous!
So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!
Three, its very easy to use (all you need is to roll the handle back to dump the diaper and there it goes with a section for your next diaper).
Well, my husband and I are very happy to get this in the mail.EDITED: 1/9/06At first I said it was great.
It smells after about 3 months if you dont clean the champ itself.
I still think old fashion trash can with a lid do much better cause one you know its full, you will throw the trash away.
Im giving this a 1 start out of 5 starsTo put it simply, this is a necessary item for every home with a baby..-no refill bags (tip--can store extra empty bags inside in the bottom)-easy to empty & clean-no odors-not big & bulkyI wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
That would be my only complaintThis diaper pail is excellent.
I am very pleased with it.
Yes, you do have to air them out once in a while, and clean them frequently (yay for Lysol), but the plastic does absorb odors no matter what.
No one will be reusing theirs for a second child.So I'm getting another Champ because I like these things:- I can use it with one hand and can keep the other hand on my baby- I don't have to buy special refils (I do use odor-fighting garbage bags that really help)- I don't have to explain how to use it to babysitters.That's it.
Hope that helpsI love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
He changed his mind though after we put it into use and saw how well it worked!First, it really keeps the odor in.
I'm pretty sensitive to smells, but this one does a good job of containing odors.
You can use just regular trash bags which is awesome.
Diaper Genie was no better - even with toddler-strength refills.
I have found it so much easier to use cheap ziplocks and throw diapers in regular trash that goes out each night anyway (both Diaper keepers required emptying every day &amp; would still smell).
Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.
It works easily with one hand, which is important.
While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it getsSomeone told me not to get the Diaper Genie, but invest my money in the Champ.
As my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.
I keep waiting for the day when he throws away something important and I don't catch itMy sister had a Diaper Genie and it always smelled really bad.
also, a bit of a pain to clean...either outside with the hose or in the tub.
No refills and odor free..can't beat thatThis one is the best and a must have!
They work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changesMy girlfriend recommended the diaper champ over the diaper genie so I put it on my registry.
I just use that as a sign to empty it, spray with Lysol and replace the bagLove this product - no smell - easy to change the bags - I don't have any complaintsThis is a good product.
It allows for quick and easy disposal of diapers, wipes, etc.
I spoke to other parents to see what they used and most said that the Diaper Champ was leaps and bounds better than the alternatives.
The lid is heavy and if it falls on your fingers you won't be really happy.
Overall this is an excellent product and I recommend it over all others out thereI read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced.
We've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us.
No smells, change it out once a week, easy to clean.
It's much better than putting diapers in a downstairs trashcan.
The reviews were definitely rightIf you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
It is excellent since you can use your own trash bags in it and don't have to buy special ones.
But it is truly worth buying!
I love mineWorks well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.
I mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula.
It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
Makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapersWe have been using the Diaper Genie for the past 17 months and are very happy with it.
(we wrap them nice and tight)*we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!!
We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapersThe Diaper Champ has been wonderful in our home!!
It locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs.
It does it job and a lot better than the Diaper Genie or Diapre Dekor, no expensive refills.
The good thing about using grocery bags is you will be emptying the diaper champ on a dialy basis therefore elimating build up on odor.I have the older diaper champ and opening the lid to empty the pail was a bit of a hassle.
Its the easiest to use!
I would definatly recommend this product to anyone looking to buy a diaper pailMy son is four months and this product is perfect.
Holds a decent amount of diapers, my husband empties it once a week.
A good wiping out with some antibacterial wipe, every week or two doesn't hurt eitherI LOVE this product.
My sister (mother of 2) recommended this to me and I am so grateful.
It is also to wipe clean if you do get the chute a bit dirty.
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
It is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute.
It is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of spaceThe Diaper Champ is a life saver.
No complaints about the Diaper Champ, especially since it is so easy on the pocket-book compared to the rest of the diaper pails out thereThe Diaper Champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!
The design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the Diaper Champ until the bag needs to be changed.
It is easy to use.
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products goI've tried the two other most popular diaper pails and am happiest with this one.
It is easy to change the bag, uses any trash bag, and does a decent job of containing odor.
I really appeciate all of these things after dealing with the other brands.
I would highly suggest using this one from the very beginning.
Let's face it....no diaper pail is perfect, but this one is the best that I've usedOk, so the idea of the Diaper Champ is awesome--it is very easy to use--that's why I gave it 1 star.
Is that really saving money??
The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
I wish it was a little bigger.I do recommend this pailAt first me and my husband didnt know if we really wanted to get diaper pails for our twins.
They are so easy to use.
At 6 months old yes the diapers are starting to get bigger but you just fold them with the velco of the diapers and its so easy.
There really is no oder with the diaper champ.
I also like the Decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot, instead of a hand like with the Champ, because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table, I need of my hands on himWe have both a Diaper Champ and a Diaper Genie....and we definitely prefer our Champ!
Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
This one is really great.
and is easy to clean.
The side straps of the diaper will get caught in the shoot so make sure you roll the diaper really tight and use the straps to hold it together, otherwise your diaper shoot will get clogged.3.
Several friends of ours recommended it, and I'm so happy that we purchased it.
It's large enough to hold many diapers, and it really does keep our nursery odor-free.
I really like that we don't need to purchase expensive bags to use with it.
This product is much betterThis diaper pail is a wonderful investment.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
I highly recommend the Diaper ChampWe also wanted the diaper champ instead of the Genie because...who wants to buy special bags??
Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.
Wipes up nice and clean with antibacterial wipes.
)And practically speaking, stratch another item off that long baby shopping list--with this you can forget the diaper pail refills and just use the good old kitchen garbage bags that are sitting under your sinkI thought the idea of keeping dirty diapers in the house was just gross, so I decided to make 20 trips a day to the trash.
It will save you money on refills so that's a plusThis product is wonderful!
It is very easy to use, refill, and move around.
The fact that I can use a regular trash bag is a definite plus to a mommy with a small budget!I highly recommend this productI was quite pleased with this for the first 6 months.
It's unsanitary.
And it's certainly easy to use.
It's not perfect, but it's much cleaner and there's less odor involved (the reason to get one of these products in the first place).
And the new version of the Genie is much easier to operate than the earlier model, so we'll just cross our fingers the lid stays attached next timeI've been over to friends' houses and fought with their diaper genies.
I decided to go with the Diaper Champ instead, because you can use regular trash bags with it (much less expensive than the Genie refills).I had no complaints, until it got really warm in my daughter's room and then the smell appeared.
With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
This is the best for your money!
Not only was it less expensive than most other diaper pails, it also works the best.
I really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags.
It works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else.
It's a good size & fits nicely next to my baby's changing table.
Overall, I am happy with this product & do recommend itThis is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!!!!
The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend...This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers....FANTASTICWe've used this Diaper Champ for the past 8 months and it's worked great.
The best part is you use regular kitchen trash bags, no expensive specialty bags to buyThe Diaper Champ is excellent.
Just a spray of Lysol in between bag changes and everything smells rosy!
Great value for an excellent productWhen my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke, I bought a Diaper Champ.
While I was happy about being able to use regular trash bags, that was all that really impressed me with the Diaper Champ.The odor protection of the Diaper Champ really leaves something to be desired.
My son's room smelled very badly, even when I changed the pail every day.Changing the Diaper Champ really isn't a pleasant experience.
It's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well.
I think it's great and I highly recommend it to every family that loves to save moneyUnlike the Diaper Genie, the Diaper Champ can be used for both disposable and cloth diapers.
In concept, it's a fabulous idea.
Plus, I think it is unsanitary.
It's virtually indestructible, easy to wash and operate, doesn't cost you any more money than you initially pay for it, and it DOES NOT SMELL!I would highly recommend this product to anyoneI chose to register for the Diaper Champ for convenience.
What busy mom has time to run out to get special bags?
:) It's very easy to clean and so easy to useWe purchased the Diaper Champ instead of the Diaper Genie because we didn't want to buy special bags.
We can use our regular garbage bags so the cost is very minimal and we don't have to worry about going out and buying those special bags like for the Diaper Genie.We use cloth diapers and it works really well for that.
When it gets hard to turn, it is time to change the bag!The Diaper champ really minimizes the odor and is very easy to clean up, we just wipe it with a soapy cloth and sometimes spray a little disinfectant to help with the smell.This is great and I would recommend it for everyoneI like the Diaper Champ because it doesn't use specific bags.
It's also super easy to use one-handed which is important with a squirmy infant either in your arms or on the changing table.
It took me a few minutes to learn how to change the bag, but that, too, is easy once you figure it out.
This is one of those baby items I wouldn't want to do withoutI've used the genie in the past and much prefer the Diaper Champ.
I'm all about practicality when it comes to baby products and the Diaper Champ is right in line with my views.Very easy to use,(my senior citizen parents figured it out...lol), controls odor well and USES REGULAR TRASH BAGS...woohoo!
Very easy to use.3.
Very easy to empty.4.
This pail doesn't really keep in odors anymore and we'll probably have to get a new one, but since you can use regular garbage bags (we actually use the bags we get our groceries in because they hang perfectly) its still probably a better deal than the genieNo special bags to buy... change at least twice per week (especially in the summer) and you are good to go.
It does certainly reduce the odor but the bag still needs to be replaced regularly otherwise the odor will sneak up on youI originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
All I do is wipe it down with some antibacterial wipes (takes about 10 seconds!!)
This allows us to make it thru the night without having to make a full crib linen change--- at least until morning.I will certainly buy this as my gift to all my friends baby showersOur son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well.
It is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though.
He usually only teethes on 1 side tooI bought this based on good reviews in the Baby Bargains book, so I had high expectations.
Changing the crib sheet daily was NOT fun.After I got this, it got a bit easier.
It's not super fast to unsnap and snap on, but better than replacing the crib sheet (esp given I have a mobile that gets in the way of taking the mattress out).I have 3 of these so I don't have to immediately wash the dirty one.Only con is that the material seems a little rough.
Not as soft as the crib sheet fabric, unfortunatelyIt's a nice thick pad and seems comfortable enough to use in place of a sheet everyday, but it's too expensive for a sheet and because it has the rubber bottom, you can't really put it in the dryer without harming it.
So I use it as a water proof pad and put a sheet over the top of it, but that takes away from the ease of putting it on the mattress, since It gets tucked in the fitted sheetI have been using these sheets for 6 months.
They are machine washable and dryer safe, which I LOVE, considering I am doing baby laundry multiple times a week.
As a result, changing her sheets is also super easy.
On the other hand, snapping all the ties on the ultimate crib sheet takes bending over the crib for five solid minutes (plus, the manufacturer recommends snapping the snaps before every wash, which means snap on crib, unsnap, snap again before wash, unsnap, snap on crib...) So, if you have a foam mattress in a corner of the room, I'd suggest just getting normal sheets and some of those stay-dry liners.
If you have a coil mattress and keep the crib in the center of the room, then by all means, try the ultimate crib sheetWas really, really excited to get these, then read what it is made out of, the very bottom layer is PVC.
It also is good enough to be used without a cover, my daughter doesnt mind it.
Its practical and good for the money paid, recommendedMy mom said to get enough crib sheets because it was something you had to change constantly....
This is the best thing ever!
It is soft, the cotton is excellent quality and the work of crib changing at 3 in the morning it just went from 10 minutes to 1 minute!
You just unsnap and you have a clean surface ready to go.
No one is happy, everyone is crying.
The snaps are so much easier to deal with and the sheet is super absorbent.
They've saved us many nights of wrestling to change sheets, we just change theseI really wish that I had this when my son was a newborn and all those midnight crib cya gongs could have been avoided.
This is a really great and easy to use product.
I don't have to mess with the fitted sheet and trying to get it off of the mattress which is so hard since they are so tightly fitted against the crib.
This makes life simple and cleaner.
You can use it anywhereI really like this sheet!
It keeps the rest of my son's crib sheets dry, so easy to take off and clean.
Especially great for those nighttime leaks when you just need to change baby and the sheet and get back to bedI thoroughly enjoy this product.
I highly recommend this to any new mother with an appropriate crib.
A couple of my snaps have fallen off over time, but it's no big deal, and the sheet will still work- I highly recommed this sheet to anyone who has a babyThe concept of this product is good, but I found the snaps extremely difficult to snap and unsnap (maybe they get easier with a little wear, but I haven't used it enough to see).
Therefore, I found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).
Get two or three Ultimate Crib Sheets for easy changes - SO much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.
This product makes cleaning up so easy!
I want mine to last, and using the dryer tends to wear them out.
Ok, I am exaggerating, but it sure beats getting the mattress out, taking off the fitted sheet, and then putting another on.
It is super absorbent and stays in place!
Now if there is a middle-of-the-night accident I just unsnap the cirb sheet, pull it off, and put a clean one in its place.
If there were a better, yet safe, alternative for the snaps I would have given this product 5 stars.
Overall, I'd highly recommend this productThey are so easy to put on (or change when you're half asleep) and really protect the baby's sheets.
You need to be careful with them in the washer and dryer (the washer sometimes ripped the backings on them and the dryer sometimes broke off the snaps) but they are so worth itThe first time I went to change the crib sheet on my baby's crib I understood the importance of the Ultimate Crib Sheet!
The Ultimate Cribe sheet snaps off & I put a clean one on - so easy & practical!
!Update at 7 mos (July04): I have survived VERY WELL with 2 of the Ultimate Crib Sheets - and boy when they start slithering around the crib & wetting through diapers & spitting up solids - you will be SO thankful to have this little dandy item!
It would be easy for Summer Infant to make this sheet more adaptable to current crib styles by making the length of the corner straps longer or using multiple snap sockets to make the strap length adjustable.
This sheet fits better on a standard/traditional crib with thinner diameter corner posts.I also question the real value of this for older babies who move around in their cribs.
Changing crib sheets with a bumber in place is a major pain!
These are super soft, hold up to repeated washing, stay in place and absorb the mess away from your baby.
Instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.
Changing a fitted mattress sheet is a giant pain in the butt.
This pad makes it easy to clean up the crib after an accident and speed is critical in the middle of the night.I purchased a felted 100% wool mattress pad instead and couldn't be happier.
Wool is a truly fabulous product: very breathable, helps regulate body temp, naturally water resistant, anti bacterial and NATURAL!!!!
So it might be a good idea if you don't have a great baby mattress or aren't into decorating the baby space.
It's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so I really never needed thisI had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from Babies R Us.
The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the snaps don't fit exactly around my crib rungs so it's a little wrinkled and off center, but my baby doesn't seem to mindSo easy to use, it's the only one I ever usedMy daughter is 5 months old and has never leaked at night so it hasn't been necessary.
So much easier (since they snap around the crib slats) to get on and off!
Actual crib sheets are much nicer to look at tooThis is a great product!
When your little one leaks in the night, just unsnap and toss the dirty one aside, and you'll have a clean one underneath.
I'm okay with that because i bought them for less than $4My son spit up in his sleep for the first 6 months, so this product was wonderful.
The product was such a life saver that I will purchase new ones (maybe a different brand) for future children, but I really expected more than 6 months of use out of theseI love this item.
It is much easier for those middle of the night diaper mishaps, to just go in and unsnap the top sheet and put baby back to bed.
When my daugher used this sheet, she had a skin rash and started getting a bold spot on the back of her head.
It's possible, of course, that these were unrelated to the sheet.
Keep in mind, too, that undoing the snaps is very easy--so easy, a baby could do it!
This product is AMAZINGLY easy to use.
I can't tell you how awesome it's been.
In general, they're easier to change than regular crib sheets.
Just fold the sheet up to contain the mess, take it to the laundry room, snap the new one on, and you're good to go.I've read reviews that said they didn't like this sheet, but I love it.
The idea is wonderful, but parts of the product are too cheaply made.
I wish I had been better informed, I would have gotten the quick zip sheets instead.
Go for a different crib pad that will protect and add some softness/coziness to the crib.
I do like that the sheets are easy to change, clean well and allow you to keep the crib safe without having to add a lot of bedding.
Thank goodness we bought these crib sheets!
I can't see the sheets underneath really well, since it covers the entire top of it, but it keeps it clean and dry.
This makes it easier to keep my baby's bed cleanTry to change those sheets on a heavy crib mattress in the middle of the night after your kid has an accident and then try jus changing this pads.
Best gift for a mom to be, well besides a prenatal massageThe Summer Infant Ultimate Crib Sheet is a very useful product.
It's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier.
When he does, I simply unsnap the ultimate crib sheet (there are roughly 10 snaps to keep it in place) and let him sleep the rest of the night on his regular sheet.
The Ultimate Crib Sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash.
In hindsight, wish I'd had several of these on my registryThis product was pitched to me as a "must have" by all my mommy friends.
It has been good for us in terms of middle of the night accidents (so we don't have to put a whole new crib sheet on), but there is one major issue with it.
It's a good idea, but needs to be redesigned to fit current crib railings.
They seem like a major safety hazard to me!!!
We'll probably be buying a few more to allow for more time between laundry runsI bought these because a good friend recommended them.
They are awesome especially when kids have runny noses etc.
The only downside is you can't see the pretty design on the crib sheet but for me that is really no big dealThis pad has worked well for my son.
He got used to it and now it is working fineStarted potty training and this has been our best purchase.
I now have this off of her bed again, but I can't say enough good stuff about this productFor a Training pad these are super easy to use, wash and make acceptable with your kid.
And my kids don't really even know it is thereThis is an excellent mattress pad to use during potty training.
It's also good for the time before that just in case there are leaks.
I'll probably trash it and get a better one, I don't want to risk ruining my bed if my 3 year old misses the pad.
These pads really work (no leaks!
I only have 2 complaints ... 1. the side-flaps aren't quite long enough to fully tuck under if you have a pillow-top mattress (although you can make it work if one side of the bed is against the wall and you pull the opposite side really tight) AND 2. the top and bottom of the pad tend to "curl up" after several washings.
The reason that I own 5 of these is that, if you truly want "full" coverage on the bed for a child that rolls all over while sleeping, you need to use 2 with some slight overlap (so, 2 to use and 2 for back-up).
I think this is a "must have" product for parents of toddlers that don't want to be constantly changing bed sheets or trying to "wash" a children's sofa that really isn't meant to be washed.
I do take it outside every month and give it a good cleaning w/ bleach and a garden hoseThis is an OKAY diaper pail for the money.
It is very easy to open and I wonder about my son getting in it as he gets older.
At first, it was (maybe a little less than a month), odorless then after that,...there was nothing to get rid of the scent.
My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which I found wasn't exactly true either).
The advantage is that this pail doesn't require any special bags.
Then, when we were changing diapers ten times a day we decided it would probably be easier to have one, especially for the middle of the night diaper changes.
We took that advice and selected the Safety 1st diaper pail and we are pleased with the product.
I'm having trouble finding replacement deodorizer disks though and may have to use a stick-on unit or something when a new one is requiredI really like this diaper pail.
It has a nice little compartment for odor disks to help manage odor.
So this ended up in the garbageBought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) It works very well and is extremely secure.
They are wonderful and I feel much safer letting my little guy explore the house.
One less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parentsI bought these to help baby proof my house.
It also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bitThese are fine for standard, thin power cords.
We finally ended up attaching ours to the wall with duct tape to cover those cords.I am giving this three stars because it does work fairly well for thin cords, and because I have yet to see anything better out there.
Work it gently and It will come off easy with a little presure.
My mom and I each held a side and pulled, but nothing.
Also very easy to use.
I would highly recommendThe only other cover I could find wouldn't fit my power strip so I ordered this one.
It seems sturdy and does fit fine, but the opening is way too big.
Yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but I could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.In the end, I rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary.
But the slot really should be narrowerI ordered this some time ago.
I would purchase another one of theseThis is a perfect baby proofing tool.
It is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.
It is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.
Overall, best power strip cover I've seenWe have several surge protectors throughout the house and these covers fit them well and protect the plugs and open outlets.
They do their job well.I have not tried to wall mountSo far, my 2 year old has been able to pull the cords out, but hasn't been able to get his little fingers down near the outlet, which is really the important part.
One nice plus is it actually neatens the look of the power strip, instead of making it look tackierReally?
I saw somebody else post that the baby's hand can fit inside and I thought they were exaggerating.
Really, I can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier.
And really ugly.
I don't know what we'll replace it with since the others don't sound better, but I know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show.
The design is sturdy and fits our power strip perfectly, it is also easy to put together.
And if you are planning to do the wall, keep in mind that this is pretty big--like attaching a 1L bottle of soda to your wall, only it is a solid, ugly off-white contraption with wires spewing off itWe used this behind the tv for all the connects and cords.
I'm just grateful someone made something like this to keep our kids safe from electrocutionThis is the best power strip cover I have found.
Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well.
This is really more like a &#34;slow them down&#34; as opposed to preventing them from getting inI bought and returned the other popular brand of power strip cover because it doesn't fit iPhone/iMac chargers.
Some other reviews mention the size of the opening on the top - it's true, it's surprisingly wide, I can usually reach in enough to pull out a plug when I need to, rather than opening the whole thing.
This is was the perfect solution.
This cover isn't the most attractive thing, but works.
I haven't tried anything with the heavy blocky plugsI bought this "neutral" color (off-white) cover (UPC 5218110409, model 10409A - I don't know how that differs from model 10409) andMommy's Helper Power Strip Safety Coverto compare the two.
The slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 5/8"-1" wide and a maximum of 10-3/4" long.
It can hold a wider and higher strip and transformers than the Mommy's Helper model by about 3/4" in either direction, which is nice.
It also has the option of hanging it on the wall which I really like.
Other than that it's a decent little contraption that does its jobits a great product especially if you have mobile kids, babies or toddlers.
keep in mind its kind of bulky i didnt think of that when ii purchased this but still a good buy for what i needed it forSo far this has worked well for us.
Needless to say I gave it to a family member that could use it in a different area.
Furthermore, seeing all those cords, outlets, and plugs motivated her to move the power strip to where she could reach it better and within a matter of moments, she would happily turning it on and off, unplugging things, and trying to "plug" foreign objects into it.
Our cords are thick and long and wouldn't fit inside the boxFunctional and easy to use.
What is important is that they put the cord high above a child's reach.
These did the trick, easy to install, and keep the cords just out of their reach.
I've purchased several different brands, and they are all about the same.
I wouldn't spend extra money on ones that claim to do better than this typeAlthough the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer.
I tried a different lock prior to this one, which I returned as the lock kept flopping down inside the oven whenever open.
I can see a toddler who is very interested in the lock being able to figure it out, but she has been easily diverted from it.It's held up great, and I don't find it too cumbersome to lock/unlock it whenever I use the oven (which is pretty often - I cook a lot).
Basic and easy too use and little ones can't figure it outMy 15 month old daughter was able to pull this thing apart with little effort.
Definitely a wonderful investmentI LOVE these things!
If you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make SURE that child is safe.
I feel very blessed that I found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out EVERYTHING!
Not the easiest to install and they may take a little getting used to, but so worth it!
We didn't want her to have access to the cabinets, as we store her nicer books in the cabinets.
We tried several different methods of keeping her out of the cabinet doors.
After a lengthy install process - my hubby is a do-it-yourself handyman type and it still took awhile to install - our daughter can no longer get into the cabinets.I would highly recommend these to anyone who needs to keep kiddos (or even pets) out of cabinets.
I don't think I'd ever want to change after having such a positive experience.
Still, most people may want to try the adhesive locks (see below) first, to make it easier to get some child proofing done quickly.Pros:+ Very nice & secure once installed, especially since the fit can be adjusted to give a tight lock when closed.+ Works vertically or horizontally ... that is, on the side of a door or the top.+ Can easily be switched to hold the lock open, for when no children are aroundCons:- Complicated to install, especially in some situations.
So you might not get around to installing them, given all the other demands on your time.- Requires drilling a hole partway through the cabinet door from the inside for the magnetic part, plus some small holes to attach- May require some new tools - a collar lock, to keep from drilling through the door; and a right angle chuck for tight spacesIf you plan to be in your home for a while, and want a finished, secure set of locks, the Tot Loks may be a good choice.One note, if you use them often the magnetic key will wear the finish where it rubs.ADHESIVE MOUNT MAGNETIC LOCKS: The KidCo Adhesive Mount Magnet Locks will only work in some spots, but it's still a good lock to try first, for a lot of people, because it works well (in the right situations) and is easy to install.
I don't know how the adhesive would stand up to long term use or really heavy pulling.HOOK LOCKS: The advantage that either of the magnetic locks has over the old fashioned hook type (like theMommy's Helper Safe-Lok Cabinet Door and Drawer Lock) is that the hooks have a lot more play (they have to open a little bit to give you access to the lock).
Maybe OK in some situations, but not a great solution for easily accessible drawers or doors.SLIDE LOCKS: Slide locks (such as theAmerican Red Cross Cabinet Safety Slide Lock) are very quick and easy to install, if they fit.
But they can also be pretty easy for some kids to unlock, so if they are within reach they aren't much of a barrier to older kids.
However, they are a good temporary solution and can be useful to carry when you travel.FLEX LOCKS: Flex locks (like the Safety First Cabinet Flex-Lock (see reviews) orCabinet Flex-Lock 2-Pack) are strong and easy to install, and you can see by looking at them whether the lock is secure (unlike the magnetic locks, which are designed to be out of sight).
Not attractive, but they do the job if you keep them tightenedWe used other types of latches, such as the ones that you push down and the ones that you squeeze and pull apart.
Small price to pay for security.
Also, a small price to pay for the security of my little angel.
It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).
You have to be patient.
We prefer to leave our on at all times (even when our children don't need the cabinets locked anymore) because they are easy to turn off (just a flip of the red tab inside the cabinet) that way they are there whenever you have little ones visiting your home.
Good luck whatever you decideAfter many years of fighting traditional cheap plastic child safety locks (we have a cat that likes to get into things too) and seeing our son still manage to pinch his fingers in doors (better than getting at chemicals or whatever, but still!
They were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.
The newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.
These work better and are easier to install - just need a screwdriver and a few minutesWhen they work, they are awesome.
When they don't work, it really stinks.
I can find no discernible reason for this and it is very frustrating.
I mean, why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers?
That is actually a good safety feature, because the kids know the magnet opens the drawers and would attempt to open the drawers when they get their hands on the magnet.As far as keeping the kids out, it worked well.
The magnet no longer unlatches the lock and we can't get into the drawer.This is a good lock, but require the willingness to drill into the woodwork of your cabinets.
It may work if you have the thinner particle board cabinets, but it definitely didn't work through our solid wood cabinetsI am opening a home daycare and these are some of the only locks that are approved by the state of Washington.
I really like the fact that they can be unlocked for long periods of time, so when I am working in the kitchen I can leave them unlocked and then quickly lock them again.
Just wanted to let new moms know what I have learnedI really love this set of clippers.
After trying many different brands and styles - this is the one that we love.
It will not work for big people nails, which is nice - it means I can always find it when I need!I highly recommend these clippers to caregivers of infants and toddlers.
Hands down my favorite clippers - perfect on the pocketbook tooOn the first use of this item a sliver of metal fell off.
Nice clippers, easy to hold in the handNo brainer, makes it easy to cut my children's nails.Doesn't get lost easily.
Easy to clean.
My handle was green, unlike the white in the photoEasy to hold and easy to use, we love it and it helps stop our son from scratching his face up at nightI have used these clippers just once, they did a good job.
I will be buying more in the futureThe extra add-on is awesome for long-fingered parents!
I would recommend this productI received a different nail clipper as a baby shower gift.
It was so much easier to use than the other one.
The size is perfect for her little fingers.
And maybe some reading glasses and good lightI'm FTM and just used on my 5 days old baby-works perfectly.
They won't touch the metal ones, but these work really easy even for them to clip their own nails.
The only thing I would add to them is some type of metal file to clean under the nails... but you can't beat the ease of clipping with these thingsSafety 1st makes several nail clippers for babies, including model 49523 (Safety 1st Hospital's Choice Steady Grip Nail Clippers); model 49539 (Safety 1st Complete Nail Care Set) which includes what seems to be clippers similar to model 49523 but with a holder at the back for emery boards; and model 10435 (this one).
Third, the lever has the same soft orange or blue non-skid rubbery material at the end, thus providing a cushion for your thumb.In terms of cutting nails, the very good performance of this model and the 49523/49539 are the same.
(They both leave the nail edges a little sharp, so some filing is necessary.)
This nail clipper is small, but handles very well and the thicker handles make it an easier process.
This is so much easier.
I have found it to be really accurate, unlike the ear one, which reads completely different on each ear.
after my 2 month old gagged on this twice he started refusing his other pacifiersWhen I bought this item, I thought this was a really clever way to take a baby's temperature.
when he first put it in his mouth, i would get different readings back-to-back.
i found it worked better if the baby used it as a pacifier for awhile before i took his temp, i would get more consistant readings during naptime, and i double checked it with the under-arm when i needed an accurate temp.unfortunately my dog decided it made a good chew toy, so i'm on here today to buy another one.
i think i am going to try another brand to see if i can find one with better accuracyhope i helped!
I've tried to use this thing many different times and my girls always spit it right out, even if I tried to hold it there they would push it out with their tongue, they HATE it.
Turns out it is the perfect cushion (it has suction cups) to attach inside our sink and put baby in for baths.
It's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.
This positon is more upright and also makes it easier to wash her hair.
The more I think about it, the more I think I'd like to try a different tub.
I find this tub to be better than the more expensive ones.
If you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store I recommend this oneMY HUSBAND AND I LIKED THIS TUB BECAUSE WE COULD FOLD IT UP AND PUT IT AWAY IN THE LINEN CLOSET.
It's non-skid surface really helps hold baby in place, and it's size makes it very easy to bathe your baby.
I will definitely use this tub again for our next newbornIf you are really, really, REALLY hard pressed for space, then maybe this tub is for you... except that you'll only use it for 3 months because it is so small and then it will sit in storage wasting that valuable space.
Since she was born in the winter, I gave her a bath in the bathroom so that I could get it really warm.
We have the newborn-to-toddler tub with daughter and it's bulky, takes up tons of room and is no different than this one other than it doesn't fold up.
They both work and get the job done but for space reasons being able to fold it and put out of the way is much nicer IMOI got this as a shower gift.
I tried to snap it into the tub for the 2nd stage (thinking better support) and I could not get it to fit!Much easier to sponge bathe a new baby on a contoured changing pad.
Nothing works better than you own hands on your slippery baby anyway, and you can avoid sore knees from bathroom tile and stiff back from bending over the tubWe've only used this tub a handful of times because our son is only 3 weeks old.
It would be just as easy to put him in our full size bath tub.
I followed all the directions, I was very careful and patient with this tub, I washed it and dried it after each use and still I find things growing in the crevices and between the top and bottom.
The design idea was good but it just isn't practical for a baby tub that will need to be used regularly.
The sling slips out of place all the time and the bath ring isn't worth the extra work it takes to clean it and the little ridges that hold it into the tub.
I think Sure Comfort Deluxe is a much better choice for new born.
It is very easy to put over my sink.
This blue gear is awesome.
And let me tell you, it isn't easy to remedy this while holding a wet, squirmy baby.
Mothers (and fathers) have far better things to do with their time than fiddle with the damn clips and mop up a huge mess.
Meanwhile, we're shopping for a different type of tub.
Much better.
Baby gets playful, kicks his legs, and Mom spends half the time repositioning him on the sling (which operates more like a slide), so that he won't slip all the way into the water.
If I could get down on the floor and bathe my son in the big tub with this tub inside, it would probably be easier (but I don't think my knees would appreciate it.
Buy at your own riskthis tub leaks - i had to put it in my bath tub to use it, which really hurt my back and made me nervous when taking my daughter out of the tub and trying to stand up.
preferred the euortub by farEnough saidMy son is now 11 months old and I have been using this tub since he was 5 weeks old.
I have thought about buying a better tub, but since we are so close to graduating him to the big tub, I don't want to spend the money.
Please consider buying something different for your baby.
This has been the best bathtub we could have ever wanted!
The newborn sling is nice, and lets baby have contact with the water without feeling overwhelmed.
Our baby didn't really like bath time until he could sit up by himself, and at that point this bath tub became a necessity.
He is now almost 20 mos and we still use it with the bath ring in place because he likes it better that way, too!
The only time i was happy with it was once he was old enough to sit in the full tub which is when this isn't neededGreat product for our little one.
I like the whole set up especially teh suction cups so it doesnt slide around, the sling to keep the baby laying on an incline is great too the perfect height to keep the baby happy.
I wouldn't recommend this to anyoneI found it easy to use and it sticks to the bathtub great, BUT my two month old is constantly slipping down and I have to keep pulling him back up onto the hammock.
i had two different tubs before, and i got this one when my daughter was 5 months old, she's now one year old and still uses it.
IT ALSO LEAKS FROM THE BOTTOMI bought this tub without reading any reviews (I research everything before I buy) and this has been the best tub by far!
No leaks, he is very secure (obviously, you stay with them) and it is so simple clean.
By far this is one of the best baby items I own!
He didn't really seem to enjoy it either.
I gave it a fair try, but I had to go out and buy another bath.
It seems like a great concept, but it is really just a waste of [moneyI used this bath for the first 3 months and it was great when using the sling, but when my son got too big for the sling and was sitting up, we tried the sitting position.
it does a good jobThis tub is okay, but not the best there is.
We soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over.
And when our son starts crawling, we can completely close it and know that he won't be able to sneak off.
It is easy to set up and tear down and takes a matter of seconds.
Best of all, is that it is very light and easy to carry, as well as having an excellent carry strapSuperyard XT is an excellent product for child containment, providing exactly the protection a parent desires for outdoor play.
It is very easy to clean and to transport.
The panels fold together and the carrying strap makes the job even easier still.
But the shorter height has one clear advantage: It makes it easy for parents because it can be stepped over.
There is no need to dissemble the panels or open the gate to get inside.Superyard XT is solid and sturdy but consumers must be careful to position it properly.
Each one of the joints has to be bent in order to become sturdy.
This kit consists of two additional panels and while this doesn't sound like much, it increases the area substantially and it makes the gate capable of handling two kids with no problems.Overall, Superyard XT is a very good gate for child or pet containment.
There should be an easier swing open type gate on this thing, so that mommy or daddy can quickly enter and leave the play areaThis has system has given me peace or mind.
It is pretty sturdy if used properly, I mean if I or any other adult were to fall on it, obviously it would collapse.
And, one of my friends owns one, and used it to surround her christmas tree last year, which I thought was an AMAZING idea!I think that once our boys master crawling, and eventually walking that the super-yard will prove even more valuable than it is nowWe purchased this the moment i saw my son fell and landed flat on the floor hitting the bottom corners of our entertainment center & computer table.
Definitely, a very sturdy gate that won't just fall apart when pulled or tagged by my son, now 14 months.
Our daughter is always supervised, but it's nice to have a "split second accident preventer."
The major downside is the price.
It has been wonderful.
Outdoors it's good for keeping and busy infant or toddler in one place so you can do yard work or relax without having to chase them around.
I just put a few toys inside it with my son and he's happy for a while.
We even use it for the dog when she sleeps inside at night because otherwise she chews on everything in the house while we're sleeping.
She gave herself a nice red spot on her head when she hit the &quot;hinge joint&quot; part of the pen that concerned me, but it wouldn't be very effective if it wasn't sturdy.
To remedy it as best as I could, I have placed stuffed animals or larger toys in front of the corners.
I still think that her rare head bonks are a good trade off for other huge catastrophies that would be occuring daily in or house.
Very sturdy product and we plan on using this also when we have kids.
But I guess that is the good thing also so who ever you have inside can't get outIt did exactly what I purchased it for.
It's very versatile, and I recommend itMy son is getting around pretty good now and I wanted to be able to contain him a little.
A good purchase that can be used in multiple waysIt holds position nicely.
It's designed to be reconfigurable for a given area, so that the enclosure can be made to fit odd spaces.
The SuperYard has been a very good, albeit not completely perfect, solution for providing some portable play space that requires somewhat lighter supervision than a freeplay in an open room.
There's a slight trick to negotiating the opening mechanism in a panel, but once you "get it", it's easy enough.
We're on our fourth month of using ours, and it's very easy now to open and close the corral, as we call it (perhaps in part because we do it frequently).One of the big advantages of this type of arrangement is the shape of the enclosure can be changed.
I would recommend it for creating a "safe" play zone in an otherwise unsafe area -- an unchild-proofed room or outside (where we use it from time to time).
)I do recommend getting at least one extension, as the extra two panels nearly double the available surface area options, and if you don't need them you can literally just fold them over without having to detach them.The portability has been excellent -- once you get the knack of how much pressure you need to collapse the sections, it folds up like an accordion, and there's a carrying strap that doubles as a restraining strap to keep the folds together while under transport.
in a clean space away from our curious doggies.
It can be configured into different shapes and easily movedWe bought this instead of the Playzone because it was cheaper.
The Superyard is fantastic when it comes to size and it very sturdy if you mount it to the wall or bolt it into the floors but we prefer not to put holes all over the walls or into our concrete slab.
Very Very easy to store away.6.
White color, very nice can match just about anything.7.
Somewhat easy to wash (not like the plastic walls on the Playzone - you just wipe clean), we had to take the gate into the yard and rinse it off with the water hose.8.
It was better than any play yard because there is much more room for toys and for baby.
It is easy to put together and I purchased an additional section to make it even larger.
I think I am switching to all soft toys and cubes until she is 1My baby seems to really like this cube.
It's been many months since we bought this and baby is still interested in it.
I've actually had to place duct tape over speaker holes on numerous things such as mobiles, play gyms, and an activity table because otherwise those products are great, just loud.
Its very sturdy and well made, but the one we received stopped working for no apparent reason after about 2 weeks.
I really like how you can add/subtract the different instruments as the song plays.
I think it's a good way to start to introduce them to musicWho is very chatty and outgoing.
It's easy to press the buttons, and she loves the music.
My son doesn't really care for it.
It's heavy for a baby to hold and doesn't really do muchI didn't buy this for my son because some reviews said the sounds weren't true to the instrument.
He doesn't get the concept of the different instruments, and adding/subtracting the instruments.
It would be nice to cycle through them only using one instrumentMy 15 month old still enjoys this toy after getting it for Christmas when she was near 9 months.
She didn't quite get it at first since she was so young, but through the months she's enjoyed pushing the buttons, watching the lights go on and off, hearing the music, and now at 15 months knowing that the different buttons do different things.
I like that it's colorful and the education it provides with the instruments (mommy and daddy are crazy music lovers) as well as the simplicity of the toy.
Very happy with itSeriously, we have a top 5 list of must bring/have with us when we go anywhere, and this is one.
It's that good.
I had high hopes but my little boy just doesn't seem interested.
He is now almost 14 months and doesn't really play with it unless he is prompted by me.
I thought it might just take him a little while and that he would be interested as he grows older but so far we could have done without itI bought this for my 4-month old son.
The best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the Orchestra.
The "music" is tinny and unattractive.
Apparently, the older model had better sound quality, which is why I went with this vendor.
But the music is really pleasant, unlike so many toys.Of course the music is electronic, and I think that would be my only complaint.
I'm a very amateur violinist and would like the violin button to truly sound like strings but instead it's very electronic.However, the piano and French horn are quite good facsimiles.Research tells us that early introduction of classical music to children aids in their developing cognitive abilities.
They'd pull it out, bang it a couple of times (starting up 2 different sounds) and then get bored and crawl away.
The corners are very soft and it is very easy for a baby to turn on and off.
It has a nice selection of music.
I was surprised the music sound quality was better than any of all the other toys and mobiles and everything we have for them that plays music.
It lights up and eventually we'll all associate those different colors with the different musical scores.I think for the price it is worth it without a doubt.
I am surprised there aren't more toys for children at this age, so the really good ones like this one do not involve much thinking before buying on my part.Forget replacing the battery as it's not simpleHas 8 recognizable tunes and easy enough for our 9 month old to figure out.
Nice silicone-esque edging makes it easy to grip and keeps from slidingThis is just the biggest hit with the grandchildren and their parents probably thanks to Mozart.
The music is pleasant.
The on and off switch is easy.
Lately, he has also started experimenting with the different instruments, both alone and together.
It's electronic, but much more pleasant than many of his other music toys.
As he gets older it will be neat to show him that while each instrument plays similar but different parts, they all go together to make a pretty song.The toy seems very sturdy, although after several months of play the 'harp' button has to be pushed a little harder than the others for some reasonThe product is very fun for my daughter of 12 months, but the sound is so electronic that all of the selective instruments sound kind of the same.
Buttons are nice and soft enough that baby can activate them.
She wasn't strong enough to push the button herself, so she didn't really like it.
Around 8 months or so, she started liking it.
Now she's strong enough to lift it, so she hands it to us to playHands-down one of the best purchases we made.
A really fantastic giftI know it says that this is for older babies but my daughter loves looking at the blinking lights and listening to the music.
I highly recommend itThe buttons are easy for the baby to find and the music isn't super annoying for the parents.
Definitely a good toyThe Mozart magic cube is an AWESOME toy for my busy little 15 month old boy.
Really a classic must have for babies and toddlersMy 4-5 month old baby loves this toy.
It is very easy to press the buttons and activate the sounds, so even very young, uncoordinated babies can get this toy to make noise.
As she gets older, she can use the cube to learn about different kinds of sounds and about colors.
For now, though, she just likes to chew on the corners and is delighted whenever the music starts playing.I am giving this four stars instead of five because the cube is secured to its packaging with wire-like pieces of plastic that protrude from the toy.
:)We love the music cube - highly recommend itThis toy inspires me.
Now he gets the full functionality of the toy.
Classical music is awesome for babies and little ones, so we love this.
:) SO key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.Great, fun toyThe fabulous Munhkin Mozart Magic Cube was given to our friend's daughter when she was an infant.
However, she was always constantly drawn back to this -- the sounds of the music from different instruments was a great source of fascination.As she gets older, the way that she handles Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube becomes more selective and sophisticated.
While the instruments do sound a bit synthetic, the toy still provides an introduction to different instruments and how multiple instruments can create a complex music pieceThis item has been a life saver for me!
Not only does my child love it but it's the only thing I can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently HATES putting sweaters on).
My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.
The music is good and there are a lot of different choicesMy son loves to dance to music now.
I turned the cube off and he's happy again, then I realized the cube could TOO loud/noisy for infant.Different from most of other musical toys that have volume options, this one does NOT and its volume was definitely on the higher side, which might not be too good for infant, especially when it was designed for &#34;all ages&#34; - 0 month +.Anyhow, I'm still using it to buy myself a little bit time in the morning, but I don't let him to play for more than 5 min, that would be my temporary solution for nowOur 8 month old loves to &#34;bang&#34; things so this is perfect.
She loves playing with the lights and mom and dad don't have to listen to annoying musicLove, love, love this cube.
But this is the best toy ever.
Best toy everI bought it for my love, it's very nice as the description, my girl loves that a lot.
it's a good toyThere are really mixed reviews for this product, and I think this is for two reasons: 1) the fact that different people are looking to this product with very different ideas of what they think their kids will get out of it and 2) the fact that the product quality really did go downhill when Munchkin took over from Embryonics.
Let me try to help you sort out both points.Before I do, I should mention that I originally got the Munchkin version, didn't like it, and ended up replacing it with the original Embryonics version, which I like much better.
If this is your thought, you will probably be happy with either version of this toy.
(Then again, if that's ALL you want, you'd probably be just as happy with theBaby Einstein Take Along Tunestoy, which my son enjoys, and which is both cheaper and more portable.
In this case, you'd also probably be happy with either version of this toy.
My 19-month-old son loves to press the buttons to turn on and off different instruments, change the song playing, and just listen to the music and dance and clap to it.
He does seem to enjoy this more than the Baby Einstein player mentioned above, perhaps because he can change things up in a greater variety of ways.3) You hope that your child will start to recognize the sound of different instruments from this toy.
On the better, original Embryonics version of this toy, the piano and harp sound reasonably true to their real sound and the flute is recognizable on the higher notes, at least.
Nonetheless, in this day of tiny, inexpensive high-quality music players, I don't get why they couldn't make this to sound more like real instruments, and to have better sound quality overall.
Even if you aren't especially musically inclined.
I highly recommend it.
He enjoys switching up songs.2 complaints, 1)its pretty heavy 2)all the instruments sound very electronicFine toy, nice sound.
Much better than most other musical toys.
They have so much fun rolling it and hitting the big buttons to make beautiful music.
It's easy to turn instruments on and off herself, and she loves hearing the different instruments (and combination of instruments) play the same tuneI bought this but my little one is definitely not old enough yet to grasp the concept...but she is getting there and lives to play with it, and so do I!
Not annoying but very good tones.
The music is great, the sound quality is surprisingly good, and the ability to add/remove instruments from each piece being played is very clever.
For example, the horn would play the background, the flute a lighter melody, then all the instruments would combine to create the true melody when the orchestra button is pressed.
But really, each button plays exactly the same notes except with a different instrument.
I was really disappointed, and my daughter prefers the music buttons from her Tiny Love Activity Center.
If he kicks one of the buttons, that will be enough, but he doesn't really have enough force just from swatting at it (he'd probably have to lean onto it).
It's also too heavy for him to pick up.The music quality is very nice and I don't find it to be at all annoying (like many other electronic baby toys); the flute is probably the nicest sounding of the instruments.
Overall my LO doesn't seem too interested in it just yetSanta gave this to our 6 month son for Christmas.
It is wonderfully sturdy, and has many music functions.
I have to take it away, so what is the point of having a toy that gets forgotten about in a cupboard somewhere?As for good points, there are lots of colors obviously, and baby can choose just one instrument or the whole orchestra sha-bang.
The individual instruments don't REALLY sound authentic, but it was a nice try.
The musical arrangement was a nice choice, too.
Battery replacement requires screwdriver.Munchkin Mozart Magic Cubesound is good, the way the music evolves with diff instruments if you push them is nice, but is waaayy toooo heavy for baby to carry and to pushThis is the best purchase I have made thus far for my new grandchild.
She has gone from just looking and listening to it, to pressing the buttons herself and chewing on the ends as a teether and has begun to select the music and instruments on her own.
It is an incredibly well designed item and very sturdy as well.This is an excellent choice for a baby giftSturdy toy, fun to push all the buttons.
There are instruments on each side that can be turned on and off while contributing to the main song.
Well built cube, should last a long timeThis toy keeps my 4-month old's attention for a while - she really seems to like the flashing lights as the music plays.I only wish there was a volume button on it - it seems a bit loud to me (and if it seems loud to me wouldn't it seem loud to the baby as well?
Bought it based upon favorable reviews.
It's ok. My 9 months old daughter doesn't seem to like it much at all, but the product is really well made and plays cute music.
She'll sit with her books and press the on the box for the pleasant tunes.
My husband and I really enjoy the music.
It's ten times better than the average music played by other baby toysmy son has special needs.
The flashing lights are very attractive.
And the best part?
The instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to.
One day we brought it to a friend's house, and someone else's kid somehow broke the battery cover in such a way that my attempts to fix it with super glue were futile.
I was bummed because I had really liked it!
I came to Amazon to discover that Munchkin now made the music box, but the reviews comparing the old one to the new one kept me from buying it.A little while ago, I decided I still really missed the toy, and I now had another baby who might enjoy it.
Thus I bought it because I figured we could return it if it was really that bad.I honestly think that it is better than the old one!
It has nicer colors, an improved battery compartment cover, and better synchronization of the instruments.The Embryonics version was purple and yellow and, in my opinion, kind of ugly.
As you can see in the pictures, the Munchkin version is all different colors and visually appealing.The sound quality is just as good, and the batteries get used up a little more slowly in the Munchkin version.
The sound quality does tend to suffer as the batteries start to die, but that's to be expected.
She is just learning to turn it over and press the different buttons to get the different sounds.
I find the music to be a little but too high-pitched for me, but it is better than many other musical toys we have had.
awesome buyThis seems like a great toy for the musically inclined baby, my 5 month old likes looking at the flashing lights and trying to eat it the music doesn't seem too loud to me or out of tune, perhaps that is a defect for the previous reviewer?
It's sturdy.
Some of the music just isn't the greatest sounding.
Now, he doesn't care, but as a parent who gets to listen to this for seemingly hours when it's his toy of interest, it becomes grating.
Now that he's 5 months old, he's still very interested in it.
Music is more pleasant to adult ears than most other musical toys.
She happily tapped on the large buttons to hear each instrument and stayed engaged for at least half an hour each time she played with it.
Now at almost 16 months old, she has figured out how to play with it more, understanding that she can change the melody to each song and is just starting to realize with true understanding that she can add/remove an instrument to change the song to her liking.
I'm sure the original was really great but this one is pretty nice too.
6 decent songs and you can listen to individual instruments (and they only play their parts) or you can listen to the whole orchestra.
The songs are nice too, jazzy and complex enough to be interesting.
It's kind of heavy so just now has baby really been able to haul it aroundI bought this for my 9 mo.
I think this is a fantastic toy that will get toddlers thinking about music.The best part of this toy is quality of the toy.
The instruments definitely sound true to what they should be.
Each of the instruments plays a different part of a song and each instrument is playing a part "true" to what the instrument does in a real orchestra.
What I mean by this is that in an orchestra, a tuba doesn't just sound different than a flute, they perform different musical functions.
The result is that the music is worth listening to and I am always happy when my daughter plays with this toy over other toys with less-pleasing music.I highly recommend this toyI bought this when my baby was less than a year old.
It is easy for their uncoordinated hands to use and interesting enough that they continue to explore it.
It has bright lights and different musical instruments to select from or to blend togetherThe coolest thing about this cube is that you can push the different sides to have that specific instrument play in the song.
It's great for your kids learning to hear different songs.
It also lights up and plays very nice classic type melodies vs the standard children's songsbaby got this at 3 monhs and still loves it after a year, so many ways to play with it and the sound is really fine!
Each side of the cube has a different instrument and a different color: violin--yellow; harp--pink; french horn--orange; flute--purple; piano--green; orchestra--blue.2.
The sounds it produces are really sharp and the music is great.
We enjoy itI bought this magic cube about 2-3 months ago and at that time my baby wasn't really able to play with it.
It plays one tune with different instruments, and it is too loud for a baby.
With a music background, I really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.
There are just so many better toys out thereOur little one loves this toy and plays with it over and over again, starting at 4 months and still now (6.5 months).
This is a good buy.
It keeps him entertained longer than other toys.I like that it's easily washable and has soft rubber-like corners (so, if baby falls on it, no sharp or hard corners to scratch himself on).I also think the music is nice - nothing too annoying like a lot of toys out there.
It was also excellent when they were just learning to sit unassisted.
It is easy for him to push and he figured out that each side makes a different sound really quick.
It is very sturdy and the music quality is good for a toy.
It is nice and well made but just not for my kiddo.Personally I like the different instruments that play the songs.
You could end up with pinched fingers or a soaked totbought this as a replacement for my son's first potty seat, this one is much better.
My daughter really wanted a red potty seat, but if I could do it again I would buy her a different brandWe have an elongated toilet and I don't know of anyway to hold this seat in place.
Colors are nice and seat is soft and easy to clean.
I do like that it's a bendable rubber type material so it has some give when he scooches his behind over it.
This is true - it does fit - but slides to the back of the toilet opening so my son's feet don't reach the stool and he gets scared.
I like that the cushion is removable, but it's a little TOO removable- they need to put velcro on the bottom or something (which I plan on doing if my son ever uses it), and 2.)
Great seatWe have 3 of these (1st was a gift; subsequent others purchased from Amazon after successful use).
I know how much my nieces and nephews love Dora so I thought this would get used more than a plain potty seatthis is a good toilet ring, but ONLY if you have the smallest, round toilet seats.
my home has a mix of elongated/round seats, and i found that the baby bjorn rung is the best for the larger bowls.
otherwise this ring - which can not be adjusted to fit - will slide around a lot and feel very unstable when you're trying to toilet trainThe toilet set is nice.
It is a nice design and my son love that Thomas, Percy, & James are all on his potty seat.
My daughter needs one - a decent one.
She's pleased.
MIght be better suited for girls.
This one is decent--we have no problems with it fitting on our elongated toilet.However, be prepared to clean up pee if you use this with a boy!
I have to clean both seats every time I take this one off for adult use.
It's easier for him to use it when he isn't wearing anything below the waist--he's better able to get his legs spread further apart for better support and aim.I think this would be better for girls--but someone has to get it right for boysI bought this seat because I (bad mommy) forgot my 2 year old daughter's potty in a hotel while we were on vacation.
I love this low-tech seat as it's easy to clean and hands down my twin daughters' favorite.
Highly recommend the froggy potty if you are in the marketNot good quality and didn't fit my toilet.
Other than that it's fantastic, soft, stable, easy to sit on and cleanI just started potty training my two year old son and I found the Thomas potty seat to be a great incentive.
It stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace.
I would have preferred it to be permanently attached, but aside from that I am happy with this purchaseThese potty seats sit securely on the toilet.
I just can't get in there the clean them.
It had no handles then, and the pee guard stood up high and was removable.
(ie the all-out free standing elmo potty is too much, LOL, and I want to take advantage of the fact that both are willing to use the big potty with an insert)The reviews about the pee guard on this were so puzzling I had to see it in person before buying it - and it looks TERRIBLE.
No handles made it easier to travel with.
Works very well and he really liked the Spiderman all over the potty.
It fits, his butt fits it, he likes the characters on it, it's easy to clean.
She LOVES her Dora, super pink, flowery potty, so sitting on it is a delight.
We were using the potty before, but I thought if we were going to train her for good, it was better to train her in the toilet.
Very sturdy and easy to clean (you can separate the cushion from the plastic, to clean separately).
Even if you clean it regularly, it smells NASTY.
If you forget to clean it, next time you pick it up, the nasty pee drips everywhere.I am in the process of ordering a different one so that I can get rid of this one.
This might be a good choice for parents of girlsPurchased this at Walmart for $12.
Something I hadn't thought of!Being as lightweight as it is, it's easy for myself or even my daughter (once she learns how) to put it on the toilet very easily.I really do not want a separate potty seat to have to clean so was looking for something like this.Overall, serves its purpose for the low price I paid for it.In hindsight, I would have just payed double this price for the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer (29.99 with free shipping here on amazon.com!)
Amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better.
I really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it.
So I can see how for the next few months, he'll still be interested because it is big and he can do more and more with it.
The squeakers are two different pitches which is also fun.
We are very happy with our purchaseMy child loves this toy so if it is good for them it is definitely worth 5 stars.
This gate is so easy to install.
I've been meaning to write a review on this gate since it is one of the best gates for the stairs.
My husband used small pieces of 2x4's for extra security to mount it on the side of the stairs that has plaster (as opposed to a wooden post).
This gate doesn't have that "platform" and it is still very sturdy.
Another nice feature about this is that you can just slip the gate out of its brackets to remove it if you are having a party or have to run up and down the stairs without needing to swing the gate out of your way.
Really nice feature for us when we were moving our daughter's furniture from one room to the other and downstairs, we didn't have the gate in our way since we removed the swing arm.
Overall, we are very pleased and would buy this gate again if we had toThis gate could have easily been 5 stars, but there are a few points that need mention, where the gate needs some improvement.
If 'Evenflo' addresses these, this gate will easily merit a top score.
The gate itself is made of sturdy and aesthetically appealing wood.
'Evenflo' should provide the consumer with at least another type of bottom latch receptacle that allows for better clearance of molding near the floor.
In summation, this gate is STURDY and EXCELLENT, and a good value.
It was very easy to install.
It was easy to install, and it serves it's purpose perfectlyWe have two of these gates and we couldn't be more pleased with them.
They took a little time to install (it was a snap the second time around), and they are as sturdy and secure as you can get.
We've tried lots of gates and this one is our favoriteI have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable.
Therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place.
Not a good gate at all.
If they can't make a good simple baby gate, I wouldn't trust my child's life to their carseats.
The wall-mounted parts are very small and hardly noticeable when the gate is stored away.
I highly recommend this gateWe recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates.
I have been satisfied with the results, but it isn't the greatest quality.
So simple, easy to install, and very secure.
It is worth the money to invest in a better quality gate if you can afford itWe love this gate!
Was a breeze to install and I feel really safe with the fact that it is a really great hardware mount.
No complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe!
The one hand open is really simple and I like it more than any gate I have seen at friends housesUpdate: 6-months later - the sliding mechanism has loosened up considerably with use.
So, if you have your mom at your house a lot, get something easier.
The pinch I got today was major painful - I've got a blood blister that's almost half an inch longOur house is a front to back split.
Now we have these walk-through stair gates which are easy to use when holding the baby.
I like that they slide back and forth; it's easier to get through entries.We used wood that matched our stair case so that we didn't have to drill into the post of our railing.
I highly recommend this gateI got this set for my 4 year old and he loves it.
I am happy with the number and look of the dionos, trees and volcanoes.
I really don't like the idea of my kid inhaling the fumes of some unknown plastic chemicals each time he opens the set so it now stays open and stored in the garage.
For weeks she would get it out on a daily basis to arrange the dinosaurs on their &#34;terrain.&#34; From a girl's perspective, it's really cute in that there are small versions of the big dinosaurs included, so kids can group &#34;mommy&#34; dinosaurs with &#34;baby&#34; dinosaurs.
These are nothing more than dinosaur figures but they are very accurate with no odd color combinations like purple with pink spots or something silly like that.
The scene is completely different from that image.
I would prefer more dinosaurs and less rocks, but oh well.
It is made of really thin plastic and doesn't stay open all the way since it has been folded.
I'm really happy with the size of all the dinosaurs.
The only issue I have with it is that the legs don't have a very strong system for holding the walker up on it's different levels.
She has snack time in front of the TV in it and I am able to speed clean.
This one is very easy to turn.
It is not too loud, but when you've had a rough day and have a nice headache to prove it - keep them away from this toyThe Tot Wheels Activity Center is a good walker for the money.
We really didn't notice any pros or cons to this particular walker over others.The main problem that we've run into with both of our daughters is the fact that that they really enjoyed the toys for about 1 month at the maximum.
With that said, understand that you'll have to walk with them to help them steer.Overall I remain convinced that a walker is good for kids to have so they have something other than their parent to hold onto to learn to walk but be prepared to help them walk in it because of the above mentioned bulkiness of the walker and the fact that I've never come across any walker from any company that's been easy enough for a little one to steer and push at the same time.5 stars for the idea and the toys but I had to take 1 star away for the difficulty to steer and another star for the limited time that my daughters used itI did my research on a walker and decided on this one thankfully.
There are better walkers out thereAs the mother of six grown children, I realize the importance of a playpen when babies start to explore their environment...we can't watch them every moment.
I ordered this to use at my own home, and have had such a good experience with it that I ordered a second one for her to use at her house.
The color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation.
The playpen is also a good size.
Take it from this grandmother that this is definitely the best.
It is a great size too.The only improvement I could even imagine would be more padding on the padGood size (36 x 36), durable, sturdy.
Got this for my grandson and still can't get over how bright and playful this is.
The built in activities on the side are the best.
I had doubts regarding the big size but it has turned out the best of this because I feel I have him free but secure at the same time.
It's really colorful and large and I like the toys on the netting.
I was extremely pleased when I received it.It came already assembled, looks beautiful and is big and very durable.
Can't beat that.I hightly recommend itI did some research before buying this playard and I am very happy i did.
It is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with.
Given its price and the fact that it is being discontinued, I highly recommend getting one before they are off the marketI finally had to break down and replace my 9yr old playpen (that has been used by 4 children).
I'm happy that it folds up for travel and storage.
Amazon had the best price as wellI give this a 5 start plus.My 6 month old Grandbaby was put in this playpen yesterday for his first time.
It was obvious he really liked it by the big smiles and how his mind was preoccupied with the play items on the sides and bottom.
The graphics and sides toys kept him more focused on fun & he was able to get some temporary relief.
I know as he feels better he is going to enjoy his new & safe play space even more.Thank you Amazon for this colorful playpen choice at the lowest price and your excellent service.
I bought this one and I am very happy.
I love how much room it has compared to the standard size pack and plays.Like the other pack and plays this is easy to fold up and store against the wall.
I hav to do so every night since I live in a smaller house and have a cat that might like to jump in it while we are sleeping and make it his new nap spot.The colors are vibrant and have kept my now 13 month old interested and intrigued.
She has fallen asleep in it many times.Not recommended but I have sat in it with her and it is very sturdy, It is very level.
I think for the size it is highly recommended.
I hope he wouldI love this nice, big playpen.
Lots of things to look at: primary colors and geometric shapes and things on the side to play with.
Mat wipes clean and doesn't absorb fluids (pee, drool, drinks; you just wipe them up, don't need to wait for mat to dry or anything).
It's very sturdy and easy to put together AND the latches latch very easily.
I'm still very happy--it's easy to assemble and is one of the bigger portable playpens available.
It is just so nice to have a play pen big enough for him to actually PLAY inI love this pack n' play.
This is the best pack n' play.
My mom bought one for her house and after I saw how much my son liked it I immediately went out and bought one for myself.
Also, it is a lot bigger than most of the other pack n' plays and will come in really handy for holding toys when my son gets a little older.
This unit is well built, stable, portable, and easy to fold (once you get the hang of it, it's not exactly intuitive).How could it be better?
I would like the padding to be a little bit thicker, I would like the play area to be a little bit larger (so two babies could play there comfortably, like in the "old" days), and I would like a removable and washable cover to the pad instead of having to make my own.But, this review is based on it being the best that is available now and it living up fully to the product descriptionI ordered this for our 4 month old son and when it arrived I opened it up myself and didnt read the directions at first I got frustrated since I couldnt get it together then read them and voila it took me and a freind about 3 minutes to set it up!
He also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works outI recently bought this for my 8 month old daughter after researching a lot of playpens online and talking to several of my mommy friends.
It also is very easy to fold and unfold.
That being said, it only took me about 10 minutes to make a fitted sheet for this on my sewing machine (it looks something like a large European pillow caseI researched what I wanted in the way of a fun playpen for when my grandchildren visit.
This is the one I chose, easy up and easy down and easy to put away, plus being fun for them is an added bonus.
It is awesome!
It's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space.
It's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it.
With the holidays coming and some overnight stays expected, I wanted one that was easy to put together and fold up and go QUICKLY.
I'm a single mom and have absolutely no patience for something that is complicated.
Baby gets plenty of entertainment and the product is big enough for him to really move aroundPerfect, i love the fact it is bigger then the pack and plays but folds up just like a pack and play.
The colors are bright and cheerful.
A little heavy to carry (I'm 5'2") but still highly, highly recommendedStill using this... its big and he doesn't mind going in it for me to shower.
He likes the toys in it too, wheres the baby (the mirror) was a favoriteThis blanket is wonderful.
The blanket is one of the thickest ones you can get, very durable, super soft, and extraordinarily warm.
I highly recommend it over the other Penn State blankets.
Basically look for the ones in the "stripes series" by RaschelWe have used it only once to travel, it was easy to asemble, the parts seem to be of really good quality, the colors and decoration are nice.
It folds up and unfolds easily and the case that comes with it is really going to come in handy when we go on vacationWhen I was first looking for Playards I was becoming pretty dissapointed because all of them made it clear you could only use it with 1 baby.
I think they just put the guidelines to be OVER safe.Anyhow, this was the biggest one and had so many good reviews I decided to get it.
It is so easy to set up and tear down and my girls love playing in it.
It has the double on top but your babies will outgrow it pretty fast and then you're stuck with a pretty small playard for twinsIf I ever have to contain a potential bio-hazard, this is what I use.
Quick to set up and easy to put away or take with you, this little baby has enough room to give your baby some play space in the middle of the most hazardous locationsI think this playpen is great; it's spacious, sturdy, and colorful.
I really like the built-in toys and bright colors.However, I bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.
There simply isn't enough space in an NYC apartment to fit such a large pack and play.Otherwise, it is a nice play yard with appealing colors that our daughter seemed to likeIt gives my 2 girls (1 & 2 years old) enough room to play when I need to keep them somewhere safe while I shower or cook.
The sides are collapsible with the push of a button on each side.
On the plus side of that, it is made of sturdy materialsMy husband and I like to just try to figure things out and read instructions only after we are dumbfounded.
This pack n' play feels plenty sturdy to me.
It's nice that it has a carrying case with strap.
I wish it was just a bit smaller when folded, as I thought it would fit on the floor of the passenger seat, but it has to go in the trunkReally the best product for the kid .
I was really shocked as I was going through checkout.
The shipping was really cheap.
How, wonderful.
Thank You Amazon for having this wonderful product.
But the colors are pleasing and I didn't know this but the animals/sun embroidered on all 4 sides have little attachements that the baby can play with when their in the pack n play.
That was a nice little surprise.
My daugter loves the little wings on the bee b/c they have little rattles in them and they make noise when she hits themMy grandson thoroughly enjoys it, even though he is still very young.
My son and daughter-in-law are very pleased with its functionality and ease of set up.
Great quality material; sturdy and safe2.
Very easy to assemble!3.
Bright beautiful colors.
The colorful patches around it are toys!The toys are:a) A beautiful butterfly with wings that when squeezed it make a dried plastic sound (he loves it)b) A lady bug that makes sounds alsoc) A sun with a mirror (safe for babies)d) A bee with playful wings, which also makes soundsI strongly recommend this play pan!
Kids enjoy playing with the bugs and each offers something slightly different.
They like looking at the bright colors and playing with the interactive, built- in toys on the sides of the playpen.Like other pack and plays, Graco Tot Block folds up for easy storage.
If your goal for buying this playpen is strictly to have a place for your youngster to play, then the added stimulation will be an asset.
Also, even though there is no defined limit for the number of kids who can play inside this device, I think it should be limited to two.
Any more than two and the kids will begin to get frustrated with the constant bumping into each other.Overall, this is a very good pack and play from Graco and it ranks among my child's favorite playpens.
The colors and interactive, built in toys make it a favorite among all kids and while it does weigh a little more than other pack and plays and does require more effort to unpack and set up, it still makes a good choice for parents of small children.
The first two didn't need a playpen, but my 8 month old baby is the most adventurous yet.
It's easily moved from room to room.I put a different pack N play together a few months ago from the same company and it was a nightmare!
From now on he is only allowed to play inside when his shoes are onThe playpen is large and spacious,perfect for babies to roll around and play in.
My only gripe is if the baby were to puke on the mat there's no way to wash the entire thing, just spot clean.
But on a positive note the playpen is sturdy and easy to assembleOur family loves this product!
It was very easy to set up and assemble the first time.
Directions very easy to follow and took only minutes to assemble.
It has very easy to clean fabric.
The size and height of this product is just perfect.
It came with a reusable bag to store it in and make for easy carry in car.
I highly recommend itOverall I adore this playpen.
Our daughter who is 16 months now still loves this and it has no damage after a full year of daily useit is a wonderful play pen.
bright, safe, sturdy and soft at the same time.
There are toys built into the mesh walls which provide easy entertainment.
It's very easy to put up and take downI fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn Baby.
There is a lot of space for him to move around and it is very sturdy.
I also love how easy it is to set up and take down plus the carry bag makes it easier to bring when traveling back and forth to his grandma's house.
I would definitely recommend this to anyoneJust like so many other reviews, I highly recommend this Playard.
It is easy to set up and take down.
It is a decent size and the quality seems fine, so it should last awhile.
AND, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.
Otherwise, I do like the sturdiness of theside rails, and the bright primary colors.
Not the best for napping, as thebaby will continuously play with the built in side toys.
But I still love this playyard so much, I bought two of themI am very thankful I chose this particular pack-n-play.
I've seen the ones my friends have for their babies and I definitely got the best one!!!
It is sturdy and I think it will last.
Other than that, it is perfect!
With this pack n play it takes a minute, parts snap and unsnap quickly it is the true pack n play.
My daughter is long so it was perfect.
it has the great colors and added toys on it to keep him happy and busyIf you're like me you may have gone back and forth between this Graco and the Delta (Novel) playard.
The graco was slightly easier to push the middle down that pops it all I to place.Weight & sturdiness--the graco feels lighter than the Delta (a good 5 lbs+), but the Delta feels a bit sturdier when set up, and seems slightly more durable.Shape--the graco is very squared off, and the Delta is square on bottom but curves inward as it goes up so the top railings are in a more round shape.
The graco has built in toys on each side of the mesh; whereas the Delta has the animals printed on the mesh.Price--the graco is more expensive than the Delta.All in all they are both nice.
I think the better one depends on what you are planning on using it for.
The graco also seems sturdy and durable; the Delta just seems a bit better in those departments; that's all.The 3ft by 3ft size is amazing!!
And i love how the mat in it is easy to clean.
When my son spits up its very easy to wipe up off the mat it doesn't soak in.
They seemed to think it was perfectly fine, but I don't feel good about leaving him unattended.
The pack n plays are great for naps, (I would say 18 months and younger), and easy to transport and some come with a bassinet for babies.
It is so sturdy.
However, I guess you could add padding underneath if you needed to.This is perfect if you wanted something for a grandparents house, it could be used for play or sleeping and then easily stored away taking little room.
We bought this together with some fitted pack n play (Graco Square Play Yard) from SheetWorld on Amazon (if anyone is interested) and the sheets totally fit the square pad that comes with the playpen.
It is truly awesome and my son loves it!
Well.......it's so nicely colored, screams cuteness all over, and it's very easy to set up and take down.
They say mothers know best..... and in my case.... that was true!
She loves the various objects on the sides and the different noises and such they have to offer.
Overall a great buyI LOVE these because they are really convenient and easy to use.
It is hard to clean and though it is billed &#34;PACK N PLAY&#34; like it is the &#34;umbrella stroller&#34; of play yards, it is hardly that easy to just fold and runI bought this for my granddaughter and another one for second child well made hours of fun easy to use and love primary colors and designs on it entertainingI registered for this pack n play solely on the wonderful amazon reviews that I read.
I wouldn't recommend this for anyone wanting this to double as a napping crib.If I had to do it all over again, I would have gone with the Joovy like I originally plannedI'm an older mom (40+) who did a lot of babysitting as a teen and remembers what big, square playpens used to be like...not the cramped, rectangular things everyone has now.
This spacious pack and play is wonderful!
When she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).It's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case.
It's such a good deal for the money.
This playyard is really bright and gorgeous, and the mesh is clear so baby can see out.
Also, this playyard is really big- huge!- which makes it way nicer for baby.
nice bright colors, great roomy size for bubs and an absolute breeze to set up and take down.
but after researching, this is the best play yard i could findLove this playpen.
Theirs is about half the size and seems almost as heavy.-The square shape on the TotBloc is nice, too because he can move around a bit in there and actually get somewhere instead of just rolling over once and hitting the end.-There is no listed weight limit on this, only a height limit.
That was a major deciding factor for my big boy!Overall I think it's a great product for the priceWe got this for my baby when she was about 7 months and getting mobile so we needed somewhere to put her if we needed to do something without holding her.
It is very sturdy and the bottom mat has tabs that snap into the base of the frame for extra stability.
The colors are bright which is good for the baby but doesn't exactly fit into my home decor.
This is the most affordable by far of the larger size playpens and I'm very happy with my choiceI bought this play yard to put my 8 month old in when I need to keep her contained and safe while I am cooking.
It is perfect.
I am very happy with this productHard to find a pack & play this large anymore and with the twins coming it will be great to haveOMG....this play pen is a life saver.
When I'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner I can't always be watching him so this is perfect.
It's easy to pack up too.
So if your baby soils through his diaper onto the mattress, or your toddler has a barf-fest, good luck trying to get that smell out.
You can "spot clean" with a warm rag, but lets face it.
It's practical, sturdy and so easy to set up and take down.
The colors are bright and cheerful and the attached &#34;toys&#34; are so cute&#34This is a great play space for our son!
This is perfect!
Its mesh walls give nice breeze while my little one was sleeping.
We've found that the Carters jersey knit crib sheets can stretch to fit over the floor in this Pack 'N Play, which gives us the option of having a washable surface.
So happy we made this purchase, and what a great price from AmazonVery cute and bright gender neutral play yard.
Very sturdy.
Which is nice when something lasts and you can use for more then one babyI recently bought this for 7 month old daughter who is just starting to crawl.
It the perfect thing to keep her amused for anywhere from 20minutes to an hour!
It means I can go to the bathroom in peace and get some chores done knowing she is safe and amused.It is super easy to put together - it literally takes less than a minute - take out of the box - unfold it and it clicks into place.
The pictures on the side are of good quality and my daughter likes to pull and play with them.We also have a weekend home - so bought two of these.
I would guess this could also double as a crib for the weekend house - ie - for a night or two at a time.Highly recommend for the 7 - 10 month phase of baby's developmentLet me start by saying that this is very colorful and attractive to baby.
The base is also attractive with lots of colors for baby to 'discover'.There is a play thing on each side - crinkly butterfly, mirror, squeezy sound making ladybug, and rattly bee.
However, that's where the good stuff ends because there are two major flaws with this product.Why do manufactuers insist on producing fabric based items for a baby that cannot be WASHED ???
)?It's perhaps the most important thing in any piece of baby equipment; be it a chair, car seat, pushchair, crib, or playpen.
Perhaps the pad should have been thicker - better yet the center leg should have been the same size as the others.For what we paid, I don't think it's worth the money - especially considering that the pad can't be cleaned without using chmical cleaners (which we don't intend to use around babyextra space, entertaining and fun!
It's easy to set up and works wellI love this pack n play!
And he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhereThis was perfect for traveling when my child was under 2.
It is larger than an average pack n play, which was nice when she sleptThis is a nice, large playpen with bright colors and activity items on the sides to entertain baby.
The corners are perfect for a baby to learn to pull up to stand, and the sides are tall enough to keep the child safe inside.
And as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge SuperyardI was looking for something for my 7 month old daughter to keep her safe when I need to leave the room.
The pad it comes with is good and the colors and extra toys on the side are fun for herWe have this one and love it.
This one is so easy!
Here's why it's ten times better than your average pack n' play:1.
The colors are so vibrant--reds, blue, green, yellow--as opposed to the muted colors you often see on a pack n' play.2.
Each wall of the pack n' play has a different feature: for instance, one wall has a ladybug that squeaks; another has a butterfly that moves and rustles; another has a bee that also moves and rustles; and another has a sun with a mirror on it.
Our son actually likes going in there, unlike his other pack n' play (or--god forbid--his North States Superyard play yard--you'd think we'd sent him to Guantanamo Bay).Overall, it really just looks like a fun, happy, and bright place to be in, and it's well made and looks like it will last for a while, and perhaps most importantly, our son doesn't fuss when we put him in there, and, to state the obvious, putting him in there keeps him away from the unmentionable hazards on the floors of our home.
The nipples are a little larger than some babies may prefer but are closer to the breast than most other bottles.
Plus the disposable liners make cleaning so much easier and faster.
I love the way the cap compresses the nipple so you can be sure there will be no accidents while mixing formula, except for the orthodontic nipple which has the little hole on one side, but we don't really use that one, so it doesn't matter to us.That being said, I must warn you IT DOES NOT COME WITH THE EASY-FEED BOTTLE like the description says and that's the main reason I got this set, otherwise I would've gotten the prettier ones.
Apparently they don't make the easy feed anymore.I still gave this bottles five stars cuz they're the best we've tried.
We have a zillion nipples and just a few bottles so we only replace the nipples on the nursers and we're good to goThese are one of only a few brands of bottles out there that has a variety of nipples so if your baby doesn't like one nipple, you can try the others.
Most other bottles only offer one nipple and if your baby doesn't like it, you have to buy a completely different set of bottles.These bottles are also interchangeable with the Playtex Premium bottles, so you can have a variety of colors and designs.Get an extra box of liners for each size.These are easy to clean, just toss the liner and wash the bottle in warm, soapy water.
:cI like these bottles better than the Premium Nursers.
The caps are more streamlined and work for all different types of nipples.
The clear domed caps on the Premiums don't work with the orthodontic nipple, and that's all I use.I would have rather received 2 of these sets instead of one of the Premium sets I gotOk, my 3 yr. old shouldn't be drinking out of a bottle anymore BUT, I have really put these bottles to good use!
I will keep on using it and recommending it highly.
These nipples are far superior in my opinion because they're such a natural shapeI rated this 3 stars because while it has many good parts, I was highly disappointed to "realize" when my baby was 4 months old that this set does *not* include any medium flow nipples.
Nothing else has ever done better and these are less hassle in the cleaning area and while you have to keep buying the inserts,they are affordable,I bought the others but they are just ideasMD's helped develop, doesn't mean they work as well, 'cuz they don't!!
He had his choice of 5 nipples and likes the latex slow flow the best.
They are so easy to clean - no scrubbing the bottle just drop in liners.
Just have to clean the base/nipple/ring, but super easy and used to throw in the dishwasher.
But these Playtex bottles are my go to bottle as they are SOOOO easy to clean and that is very important when you have a young, hungry, crying baby to take care ofBaby has had less gas and fussiness since we have been using these bottles.
Love the nipple variety too.Because of the liners, it is easy to keep two of these bottles in use and not clutter up the kitchen with bottle pieces, etc.Would highly recommendI was mistaken when I registered for these bottles...
They're sturdy and durable.
I wish Playtex wasn't phasing out these bottles because they feel much sturdier than their Premium counterpartsI've used these bottles since my sons were born.-I love the fact that they are extremely easy to clean and the liners are very convenient.
It is so easy to use.
The selection of nipples was nice to have, though my guys would take any of them-he isn't picky.
He hates the silicone nipples, so these are great alternativeBefore I had my baby, I was thoroughly confused by all of the bottle options available.
I started doing research & this one came highly recommended.
If the bag would stay in, I'd say I really liked these.
There is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her) when you know that shes happy while you are at workI knew from the beginning that I would be using these bottles.
What's nice about this starter kit is that it comes with 5 different nipples of varying flows and types (latex and silicone) that I was able to try without having to purchase separately (this is good because of my complaint below).I also like the Playtex one step storage system that you can use with these bottles (refer to my review on Playtex one step storage kits: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1NSCK6EN7AYRA/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm).
As I mentioned, it's nice that it came with all the different nipples because finding the best one to use with my baby was a chore and a half (refer to my reviews on the Playtex NaturaLatch slow flow latex, Playtex NaturaLatch slow flow silicone, and Playtex NaturaLatch Orthodontic Medium Flow).2) The clear liners make it difficult to see the exact amount that is in the liner if you are pumping directly into the liner, but you learn to estimate more or less.
If you're really anal, just pump into a regular bottle and transfer to drop-in liner.3) Although convenient, the disposable liners do create a lot of waste.
Although, if you are using formula that is less viscous than milk, these might be work much better.
Plus, Target sells a store version of dropins which a lot of people like, so that helps a lot with the price.Avent bottles are generally very good, and we ended up using them a lot.
Brown's bottles are probably the best out of the three.
I've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, I'll only waste a little bit.
I'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.
We did not need to purchase additional Drop-In bottles because of the quick and easy clean-up, although we did purchase extra nipples of the type our daughter preferred.
Throw out the old liner, pop in a new one, fill it up, and you're ready to go - easy to do even in the backseat of a car with a crying baby.
The VentAire slow flow nipples are much slower than the Drop-In slow flow nipples, which we have found is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).3.
Our daughter can feed herself from both the VentAire and Drop-In bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the VentAire.
The Drop-In bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider, and if she falls asleep, the bottle is dropped and leaks wherever it lands.Both the Playtex Drop-In and Playtex VentAire bottles are nice sets, and we have appreciated having both types to choose from to enjoy the perks of both.
After having used ONLY Playtex Drop Ins for the 1st year and then using other types of bottles for around a month I am realizing how much not only myself but my girls LOVED the Playtex Drop Ins.The Playtex Nipples are definately what my girls prefer and are much easier for them.
Also the new bottles have tons of air bubbles where the Playtex did NOT.The nipple size is also good for Preemie babies.
My girls like the Playtex Latex nipples the best.You can buy store brand liners, we've used Walmart store brand and they work fine but Playtex are definately the best liner.
You can use different brands of bags for these as wellI only used these with my first child, now 7 years old.
No bottles to clean (build up of disgusting old milk, especially on those long trips outside in the spring/summer), and you don't need a lot of bottles, I had two of each (2 x 4 oz and 2 x 8 oz bottles).2.
My son eats a ton and these bottles don't really do well with formula.POWDERED FORMULAPowdered formula (which I can't stand) doesn't mix well in this bottle.
Also, despite the wonderful design for keeping air out... you have to shake powdered formula.
And with a screaming baby... it's really better to have bottles that are ready to go.
I actually prefer these caps to the "newer" ones I found at Babies R Us (for a much higher price).
The plastic is sturdy.
This brand is kind of wonderful because they make a variety of bottles and the nipples can be used with different bottles.I didn't hate the bottle enough to say you shouldn't try it.
I figured I would be saving time because I wouldn't have to clean a ton of bottles everyday.
If I'm going to have to clean bottles anyway I'd rather use a bottle that I can store milk in AND heat the milk in.These bottles dont keep air out.
It worked much better for him than the Dr. Brown's bottles.
It became routine and its not a problem for me to take that extra step.Good luck in making your choices about bottles for your baby but from a new mom whose tried them all, these really are the best all aroundIt's super convenient.
Everything's light so they are easy to carry around as well.
It's even better because the liner is recyclableThese bottles are fantastic in reducing gas.
I would tell anyone if they have been using Dr. Brown's, Avent, or any of the other super fancy feeding systems and their kids are still having problems with gas and spitting up, they should try theseThis is a great set.
The Playtex breast milk storage system is a VERY easy way to store breastmilk in the freezer, and works well with Medela pumps.
First off you drop in a liner and that means there is less to clean up, no scrubbing the inside of the bottle.
No fuss and minimal clean upMy strictly bottle fed 11 month old has used these bottles from day one and has done fine with them.
I ended up switching out the older nipple design (square top) with the newer nipples because I liked the design better.
My daughter suffered from mild gas, but nothing major.
I liked these bottles because of the liner idea and my best friend had used them.I wish the nipples would have come in more than two stages though because when my daughter hit about 4 months, the slow flow were too slow and the fast flow were too fast.
I'm really liking what I'm reading about the Dr. Brown's, but will possibly try a couple other brands as well.
I'm realizing that saving tons of money isn't always what's best for my daughter.
They also work as burp cloths for those using disposable diapersI bought these as burp cloths for my two boys.As burp cloths they are great - nothing fancy, just good at absorbing the spit up.
I usually don't cloth diaper so I can't say too much on this - this is just from the few times I have used itThese burp clothes are extremely thin.
For burp cloths, I prefered the Kooshie baby brand which are very absorbant, very soft and durable as wellThe cute, fancy little burp cloths on the market are no match for babies that spit up like mine do.
It is really hard to use cloth diapers for the whole day so use cloth during day time and then disposable at night for longer sleepDon't buy these if your looking for a pre-fold that will hold all of your childs waste in,and if you have a heavy wetter don't weven think about it without a doublerDiaper Doubler - Absorbency Booster - 2 Piece Set(these are nice) they are no wear near as absorbent as chinese prefolds, these make great claning clothgs and burp rags though.
that's about all they are good for please spend the extra money on diaper service quality prefolds it will be worth it in the endThese are by far the BEST burp cloths around.
I got several different kinds at my baby shower.
These are fabulous.
The middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.
I highly recommend them.
I would highly recommend these cloth diapersI used to work as a nanny while I was going to college and I am buying lot of baby products for my best friend (she was my &#34;student loan&#34; - and that's how I am paying her back... buying the baby products, anyway)... she know I had over 7+y of experience taking care of babies and the items I'm buying for her are things I used during my sitter years and I know they're practical and they work greatI got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and I absolutely love them!
My best advice?
breastmilkI have been using this product for almost 7 months and yes, its true the little cups DO NOT WORK for warming bottles, I tried them for 1 week until I started using my own cup and I just pour the water in and now I know about how long it will take to warm, works great for me.
Overall, I live in a two-story house and this warmer is a lifesaver for those early am feedings, I definitely don't want to go downstairs to warm a bottle, the product works consistently if you figure out how much water you needMy wife love this botles.Is for a better way of feeding our new born.I cant wait to use themI think this product was a waste of money our daughter will not wait for bottle to heat up in this and its just easier and faster to make a fresh bottleOur nursery is on a different floor as the kitchen, so having this has been great for night feeding of twins.
The little ice bottle is kind of lame, it really should be Blue Ice which stays frozen longer.
Otherwise great product, easy to use, easy to cleanI kept thinking I must be doing something wrong.
Don't waste your time and moneyThis is an awesome product!
This bottle cooler/warmer makes it easier at night when you want to get back to sleep as soon as possibleA dedicated steam warmer is definitely better than any other option such as a pan of water on the stove (takes too long) or the microwave (danger of uneven heating; robs contents of nutrients).We have ours in a second-story nursery and have been pleased with it.
bottle; we've used Avent with no problemsI can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.
This feature sounds good, but in real life, doesn't work as well as it sounds.The bottle warmer works ok but the heating action is inconsistent even if you get the water level on the meniscus the same everytime.
This isn't good for breast milk.
We keep in it in the bedroom so we don't have to even leave our room for late night feelingsThis is one of my favorite products I have purchased as a new mommy.
I guess because of the vent but I preferred the Avent bottles anyway.
My medela breast pump tote came with a better ice pack - and that's what we're using to keep the bottles cold at night.
It's easy to use, look good and works great!
The thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle.
I didnt find it evenly heated it through.Its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins.
I got this as a gift at my babyshower and I'm happy with itIf you are pumping breast milk or formula feeding this thing is a lifesaver.
It's super convenient to have 2 bottles nice and chilled.
I would add a time chart just to know approximately how much time it takes to heat up a bottleI've heard some say this is the best warmer available.
Same amount of water with the same amount of milk will produce a different temperature every single time.
If that happens cleaning the inside of the warmer is a major hassle because the milk will have burned onto the heating plate.
Otherwise, having a cooler right there is nice.
I think if you kept this unit in your bedroom or the babies room where you'd want to store some bottles in the cooler instead of having to go to the refridgerator to get them, it would serve a good purpose.
But I always go out to the kitchen to use this, so it's easier to just grab a bottle from the fridge.The little test-tube-looking water containers that you fill up and then pour into the unit to steam the bottles are a bit of a pain.
It leaves a brownish film on the basket and inside the hole where the basket goes into, so you have to clean it out frequently.
You really have to play with the amount of water it takes to appropriately warm the bottle up.
Thankfully, my baby isn't very temperature-sensitive when it comes to taking her bottle.On the positive side, I think using this thing is probably easier than running the bottle under warm tap water or putting it in a pan of boiling water because it does heat the bottle up rather quicklyGreat product.
We had a warmer that submerses the bottle in water, and we found this worked faster and better.
All in all it still works but I can slowly start to see it go down hill in its heating capabilitiesThis was nice to have when I was pumping.
It's quick and easy, which is always good in the middle of the night!
Subconsciously I always go for the handle to move this thing, but the handle is connected to the removable bottle storage piece.
That hasn't happened in a whileI purchsed this product because of the cooling capabilities as it was perfect for night feedings instead of running downstairs to make a bottle in the middle of the night.
even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itBut I do make sure that I clean it throughly every week.The cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.Being a working mom I am all about making things easy for me.This is what I recommend highlyI bought this bottle warmer, because the previous model from the same company broke.
I would try a different brand, if you need a bottle warmerWe had this warmer with our first child, but had parted ways with it by the time we had another child.
Remove from your registry, return, or throw away if you have bought this product and go with the dr browns insteadahora la familia descansa mas gracias a este calentador de biberones ya que el tetero se mantiene caliente toda la noches o hasta que el bebe la necesite, no hay necesidad de prender la cocina, solo meterlo en la boca del bebe y a comerrrCouldn't ask for a better pump!
As a first time mom, I found it very comfortable and easy to use.
I use it so much that I doubt it will make it to our next child, but it's much better to buy this one twice for $80 than to buy one for $350I nurse my baby exclusively and am a stay at home mom, but this is really handy for when we go out and can't schedule around his feeding times.
I would have opted using a double breast pump, but it was much more pricier.
I had to just ditch this item in the endI had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (Medela Pump in Style) all I can say is GOOD THING I HAD THE DOUBLE PUMP!
plus even if it DID work, a single pump means double the pumping time.
I know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you NEED it and this single pump is NOT an adequate substitute for a real pump!
You can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant.
I just wish I'd gone straight to that one and saved my money on this one.For those of you who are trying to decide between this or a more expensive model, here are my two cents:TRY THIS ONE IF...- You have a very abundant milk supply- You only plan to pump one or twice a month- You wouldn't mind giving your baby formula if you had to be away from her for an extended periodINVEST THE MONEY IN A HIGHER-END MODEL IF...- You're going back to work- Your milk supply is medium to low- You plan to pump more than two or three times per month- You are opposed to giving your baby any formula, ever (with a higher quality pump you could build up reserve breastmilk to have in case of an emergency)Also, it's worth noting that most of the more expensive models can be safely re-used by other people so could be sold to someone else when you're done (unlike this oneThis pump is decent but wasn't enough for me.
I ended up purchasing the Medela Pump-in-Style and it works much better.
Now I use the double pump to fill an evening bottle for my husband to feed to the baby.
It is a pretty good buy.
It's small and light and perfect for travel.
It's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - Medela is a really great brand!
I wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for meMy sister used this pump for 3 months (daily) and passed it down to me which I was able to use for 3 months (daily) and then it died on me.
I guess we got good use out of it considering how much it was improperly used but if you are looking to use a pump more than once per day I would definitely get the Medela Swing model...it's GREAT and is much quieter.
It's the best single pump I've tried, and I've had a few different onesThis pump is very slow so unless you have 45 minutes to an hour to pump 4 ounces, don't get this.
It's a waste of money all aroundAwesome product, a little loud but overall does the job, we rented a machine from the hospital tht did the same for twice the money we paid for this, after realizing we needed additional time and they required additional fees, we opted to purchase this and keep rather than spend it on rental, great choice we made, highly recommendedI bought this pump before leaving the hospital and it was a waste of money.
My kids are 4 and 6yrs now, and with the activity level in my home now, I think a quieter model will better suite everyone's needsThis pump is very good.
During the day I used the hospital grade pumps at the hospital, but at night I used this pump until finally buying the double electric Medela pump.
I don't see how a nursing mom can go without ever having to pump at some point, even if its for cereal when they start that.
Medela is definitely the best pump to get, and don't even think about a manual one.
It is very sturdy and the gate is easy to open if you have a free handOverall this appears to be a decent gate set - it easily configured to fit the area we needed to cordon off from our wee one.
It actually takes a little effort and the gate itself doesn't feel that it's truly sturdy enough for this abuse.
This width of a coach class airline seat, maybe a tad less, and you have idea on the width of the opening.Their are some good points.
The gate is easy to configure.
It may be the best gate for versatile areas where traditional gates don't fit.
However if you can avoid this gate and go for something else - you might be better off looking aroundThis gate is grate especially if you have pets and stairs.
Our stairs needed a special gate and this is perfect for us.
Thanks to Little Folks and AmazonThis gate was perfect for our split-level home with the addition of one 24&#34; extension.
My husband said it was very easy to install.
The gate is easy to open and close, but not so easy that our toddler can figure it outI'm quite happy with the gate, although I had to spend $250 to make it fit the bottom of my stairs.
The $30 8" extensions are way too expensive for what you get I think (and often arrive with scratches and rust due to the extra pole in the box).Like many Kidco gates, the instructions could have been better.
We ended up buying one extension and are very pleased!!!
I definitely recommend this gateWe bought two different kinds of Gates for our living room area.
But it has two different size extension pieces and you can bend and configure it to the space you need.
You can bend the gate different ways to fit in the opening.To Mount on the wall you just mark the screw holes and screw in the plate then snap the gate on.
It was very sturdy.I highly recommend this gateI love this gate!
I like it betterWe have two landings where we use these gates and they work really well for them.
Tomorrow, I'm headed to the hardware store for some drywall mounts.After all the gates we've been through, I still think this gate is the best.
The gate is crafted well, easy to install, and the peace of mind is well worth itI have this gate set up in two different parts of my house... one part as-is, and one part with two extensions.
There aren't many gates out there that will let you cover such a wide room, though, and for that it was nice while it lastedThis is a great gate, and one of the few with the flexibility to accommodate non-straight spaces.
I got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy.
No regrets on the purchase.BTW, this gate works really well as a separate space for an older child to play.
Looks ok, good if you have white for trim, but ultimately, its a baby gate and looks like oneWe have used several other gates to block off the stairs in our home and have been frustrated with them all.
It was easy and quick for my handy husband to install at the base of the stairs.
This feature is nice as our toddler can pull at the latch but can't lift the gate to open it by herself).
Would highly, highly recommend this gateThis kidco configure gate is worth every penny if you need to enclose and odd shaped space!
It doesn't really affect the stability of the gate since it is anchored to the walls, but the flexing will go away if you angle each sectionOverall, this gate worked for enclosing our odd shaped space perfectly and I would highly recommend itI run an in-home daycare in a townhouse in addition to having my own young children.This gate is by FAR the sturdiest gate I've used and it is my absolute favorite.
I have 4 different baby gates.
We used it in a previous home to surround the fireplace but have it in use for keeping children in the playroom across a large doorway now.The gate is attractive, too!
Overall, it is sturdier and better made too.
We bought this new, and it was easy to set up.
Kidco is pretty easy to work with.
The only thing is this is better for smaller babies.
Once my son was bigger, I bought the Fisher Price Aquarium and that works well for older babiesWe have really enjoyed having this since my son was born.
(That includes a few nights/naps that I forgot to press the automatic shut-off) Overall this is a great product and very usefulThe only good thing about this is the night light function.
It's true that the lullabies sound mechanical, so we just don't use it.
It does take a pretty decent sound from her to set it off, but that's okay -- her softer noises are usually in her sleep anyway.
My baby really liked the sounds and the night light was great for midnight feedings.
I am really disappointed.
It was nice to have at times, but our baby was never really addicted to it.
I do wish it were a little easier to fold and ajust, although the litle buttons are stuck in mine it still works and is very safe.
We purchased this and are delighted.
She is now 13 months old and it was a major battle at each travel destination.
This one is great because it is very sturdy.
It does fold nice and flat, but it is still large for the average car.
It would be nice if they made one that has sides that fold in half for storage, but no one does!
I wish I would have gotten this crib from the begininggreat crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!)
My 6 month old son who is almost 20 pounds fits well in it, but I had to double wrap a bumper pad around it so he wouldn't roll into the cold metal!
And its overall best feature is how you can roll it from room to room without taking it apartI bought this for my son.
I thought it was a good product for a fair price.
We've been using it everyday for nearly 16 months, and still good as new.
No problems encountered at allI bought this for my 6 week old daughter because the price was nice and the table was attractive.
Are there nicer, sturdier products out there?
The changing table is a nice reddish oak, while the crib was very blonde.
Please be aware of the color differences if you are considering purchasing the setThis is a good solid dressing table.
The table serves the purpose and is a good value for those who don't want to spend a lot of money on a dressing table.
We didn't feel that we needed a fancy dressing table and instead opted to purchase a more expensive crib, which is really the focal point of the nursery.
You might prefer covering the pad with a receiving blanket, so you can easily toss it in the washer with no worries when it becomes soiledthis changing cover has worked well with our changing pad helded up in the wash from so many poopie diapers...which is a nice pad along with our changing pad (which we whip clean before use and after use..over the pad its self (which sometimes my nephew sticks to without a oniez onI have had this from the day my daughter came home from the hospital and it has held up in the wash. No major accidents on it but the few there were are due to my not folding up the stinky diapers all the way or her spitting up.
I wouldn't even say getting this as a pump for when you're on the go is a good idea because the leaking milk will get all over leaving you with clean up.
Also, cleaning down into the bend of this pump thoroughly is practically impossibleMy son is three weeks old, and I am using this pump every day to express milk for his middle-of-the-night feedings.
Talk about convenient....The lactation consultant who taught my breastfeeding class said this pump is so popular that Medela is now trying to copy the design.Considering the price, I'd rate it an outstanding buyRecently, while on vacation I misplaced the membranes for my Medela Pump In Style Breastpump, which are vital for operation.
However, for my particular situation having to express 30 ounces a day in order to keep up with my little guy, the Pump In Style is superior to the Isis both in speed and quantity of milk expressedI bought this pump because I am an at home mom and don't need anything quicker.
Plus, once your milk really start to come in and your baby has been breast feeding for a few months, the milk really flows.
The bags hold 7 and are very easy to thaw.
It's probably the first amazon purchase, after a couple hundred, that really left me disappointed.
You're better off putting a thick, soft blanket under your baby's crib sheet if padding is what you're going for.
As a mattress protector, it might be good.
The non-waterproof cover I got was a much better choice for my babyFirst of all why is this product listed under toys?Now to the point.
They help to make my extremely firm crib mattress a little cozier for my son.
Not only that it is thick and fluffy, like a good quality mattress cover should be to add softness and quality of sleep to a bed.
I haven't found it to be the best with waterproofing, thoughFits the mattress well & Holds up well in the wash.
He has peed through his sheets twice so we have washed it 3 times and it is still in as good condition as when we bought it the week before he was born 9 weeks ago.
Overpriced leaky bottlesThese worked good for about 3 weeks and they started to leak.
Who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and cryingthese bottles proved to be better than any other bottle.
i have bought and wasted money on so many different brands of bottles.
They are super easy to break down and clean.
It has always felt extremely sturdy.
They are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and I really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!
I thought that I could test a bottle and cup, to see if Avent was really telling the truth when they said all the parts were interchangeable.
cup holder, these fit in them great.I would suggest only getting 2 packs of these, couple of Magic Cups with handles and some extra spouts (have at least 2 green ones and 1 white oneThese bottles are a good choice if you're breastfeeding, but have to introduce a bottle.
Spend your money on a better bottle like Dr. Brown's or Platex.
I know several new mother's who bought in the ad hype about these bottles and ended up trashing them and buying something elseI wouldn't use any other kind of bottle for several reasons:1- they work great with the avent breast pump.2- They have wide mouth openings and this makes it easier to clean the bottle as well as dump formula or breast milk into the opening.3- The nipples are silicon and this is very important to me since I understand from my research silicon nipples are less apt to cause breastfeeding nipple confusion.4- The nipples seem to mimic a breast more than any other nipple on a bottle I have seen.
I was concerned about nipple confusion for the few times I wanted to bottle feed instead of breast feed and I understand that these are some of the best available that mimic a mother's breast.5- We have noticed that our children have less gas when they use these bottles rather than a normal, cheap type bottle.
)6- the whole avent system makes for easy growing with the child- there are different nipples for different ages, including a sippy cup nipple.
When I went to buy new nipples I noticed they looked different.
The new nipples have the words "Extra Soft" on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom.
I am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weanedMy son has reflux so we have an ongoing battle with spit up in our house.
When I stopped breast feeding I tried a couple different types of bottles and eventually ended up sticking with Dr. Brown's because they helped the most with his gas and spit up.
I like the bottles, they are made of a good quality material and they are wide, which made it really easy for me to mix formula in them.
I thought it would be easier for him to switch back and forth.
I contacted the company and they told me all these different tips of assembling the bottles that should stop leakage.
In addition to the leakage I noticed that my son was extremely gassy and would cry so much after eating.
I have told my friends who are registering now to save their money and find an alternate bottleI spent SO much money on these bottles while I was pregnant, because they were supposively the best bottles to use while breastfeeding.
The bottles are expensive so I thought they must be good bottles.
Those bottles are a LOT cheaper and SOOOOOOOOOOOO much better.
They are NOT the "best" bottles to use while breastfeeding.
First of all, they have many different flows with their nipples, which is a huge plus in my book.
In fact, my daughter will burp better now than with her other bottles.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with AventWe have tried every bottle out there and like these the best for our newborn.
The bottles are easy to cleanI purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.
The fact that the nipples were to more mimic the breast than others was great and the fact that you could use the bottles as storage containers when pumping was even better.
I love these bottles.VARIABLE FLOW- There are several different grades of nipples.
They even have variable flow nipples so you don't have to buy three sets.
A friend of mine uses different ones that only had two different flows and was envious of my choices!GROW WITH ME- The fact that the whole set is interchangeable is great.
They are well made and easy to assemble.
The best thing for me is the fact that you can get specially designed teats that allow for thicker liquids (my son had rice in his milk at 8 weeks (with Doctors approval) because he is so big (90th Percentile) and was so very hungry.
They are so easy to use and they cut down on gas wonderfully.
The nipples can be a little pricey at times but check out the stores and babies rus - they're on sale at different times in the year and you can save about 15-20% on them.
The silicone nipples are so much nicer than the rubber ones on regular bottles, and if you nurse and use bottles as a supplement, these are the more like yourself so the baby has an easier taking it.
I received one in a gift set and my husband immediately ran out and bought a week's worth - they're just so much easier to use and they fit so well on the fridge shelves, plus those huge plastic caps that fit over the nipples are easy to remove and makes you feel like everything is cleaner.
I guess with everything to do with babies it's a case of trial and error to find what suits you and your baby.What I like about the bottles is that the wide opening makes them extremely easy to wash and easy to put formula in.
Well, the nipple has these three little lines on it and inside the screw on part there are solid parts and slotted parts (sorry if this doesn't make sense).
You have to line up the lines on the nipple with the solid parts on the bottle top.
5 starsIn 2000 when my first son was born, I bought the Avent bottles to go with my Isis breast pump (which I LOVE) because everyone raved about how they were the best.
After trying for awhile, I finally called Avent and they told me to move up to a different size nipple.
The one slight annoyance with the system, you have to place the ring on the lids directly on top of the nipples; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.F.Y.I.
This bottle feels nice in the hand to feed and my husband like them too.
The placement on the babys face with the nipple is perfect tooI decided to breastfeed my second son,when that didn't work out, I used playtex nursers.
Not a good thing because formula stains and then you have to change baby and you in the middle of the night (and pretreat clothes and wash them if you didnt want to end up replacing them).I decided to try these after seeing an add in a magazine.
If you think about it these really are cheaper then playtex nursers as you dont have to buy the liners and worry about them breaking and getting formula all over yourself in the mall and then having no formula and having to leave anywaysI decided to use these because I wanted the Avent Breast Pump and would use these with it.
Every baby is different, though, but if you have a baby that tends to want to eat quickly, these won't work so wellMy daughter was born 3 & 1/2 weeks early and had to stay at the hospital for a week, she was lazy at the breast but did great with these bottles which came highly recommended by a friend.
I hate losing precious breastmilk to leaks, thats why I gave it only 4 starsOur baby seems to drink the best from these bottles.
I like them because the wide mouth makes it easy to fill and clean.
I've noticed leaking a couple times and just rescrewed the cap and it was fineThese bottles are pretty good.
However, the bottle is nice and durable.
There are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles.
It's really annoying since I spent so much money thinking that they were quality.
And he doesn't like the nipple, it's too thick for him to get a good suction.
One thing that is good is these bottles don't give him gas which I've tried cheap bottles and he gets gassy with them.
They are just the best.
But they have extra parts to clean which is a painI recieved boxes of these bottles as gifts, every one of them leaks.
Avent makes a great manual breast pump, but they need to put a better bottle on the marketI like the bottles.
I love them too since they are easy to clean and handle.
I highly recommend this collection of bottlesEver since the day my daughter got home from the hospital she has been using the Avent bottles.
I MUCH prefer the softer, easier to hold, less air producing Playtex Nursers which is what we ended up switching him toThe nipple is so long that my infant was gagging everytime i tried to feed her.
I have been using those bottles and nipples ever since, and she is doing great when i need to switch from breast to bottleI am extremely tired of having to clean up messes after feeding our twin sons with the Avent bottles.
No more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.
The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.
So, I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants.
Maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we'll pull out the Avent bottles again, but for now, we aren't using anything except Playtex VentAireI went through 4 different bottle systems (and a lot of $$) - and I'm sticking with Avent.
Easy to clean - easy to use - no problemswhen i became pregnant i planned on using these bottles, i bought everything bottle warmer,sterilizer,breast pump, and a ton of bottles and nipples.
Plus the bottles are expensive......you have to keep buying new nipples there are sooo many different sizes.
They are heaven sent - my baby has a full happy little tummyI am breastfeeding currently but I do like to leave the house every so often.
That too is convenient and easy to use.I would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work.
Yes, they cost more than most bottles, but if you can afford that little extra you will be very pleased with the resultsEveryone I know has registered for Avent bottles and generally found success.
Do this with your average bottle a few times and be ready to say bye-bye to them, but Avent bottles hold on strong and in the process also happen to offer the best bibs in the market (the ones that best mimic the nipple, thus giving your baby the least gas, if you feed the bottle perpendicular to his/her mouth).
No wonder they've been voted among the best baby products for several years in a rowMy daughter liked the nipple but got to much air.
I really like them.
My mom babysat and she has raised nine kids, all who were bottlefed, so she is an expert.
She said to me that the baby just really can't use this nipple.
My advice is to try different bottles before settling on one kind.
I have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with Avent.
The Brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis.
Only way to goWhen breastfeeding, these are highly recomended.
And there you are, wasted milk, and a hungry baby who is drenched, and really mad by the time you get another bottle ready and her clothes changed!!!
It was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and I was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me.
I love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.
These bottles are greatI choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them.
Otherwise, they are perfect.
It couldn't be easierThese bottles are superior to any on the market.
Mind you, my little one is a health, full-term newborn with no latching problems.
Feedings are now mess-free and pleasant!
I love these bottles, and the ventair is second, but a VERY far second, Avent is deffinatly much much better and actually do what they say they do, REDUCE GAS!
They are the best!
The Evenflo nipples were cheaper and betterWhen my daughter was born we stocked up on these bottles because we heard they were good and the price alone would make you think that.
Not only do you have to clean up but your baby doesn't want to wait for a new bottle.
After slowly running out of bottles that didn't leak we decided to go with the Playtex Nursers and liners.These work perfect!
I registered for them because of all the good things that I heard about them.
I have heard just as many good things about other brands of bottles that are a lot less expensive.
He took right to them as a newborn and I didn't have to encourage him like I had to with others.The wide mouth is so nice and makes them so much easier to wash.
The nipples and bottles are extremely durable and held up for a very long time.
I also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!
They are also EXTREMELY easy to clean!
Good LuckThe Avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product.
I have tried both Dr. Brown's and Playtex VentAire and find the Avent products to be superior to both of these.
Highly recommended by this mom!Update March 06: one more great feature about the Avent bottles -- they sell a sippy cap that can replace the nipple, so your investment goes into toddlerhood with no need to buy additional sippy cups!
I've had to go out and buy different bottles with nipples I don't like as much just so that I don't have the messAvent bottles are one of the best out there.
Handy and easy to clean.
But I most tell you avent work very well with gasy babies, so if you dont want to invest too much money in bottles, avent will do greatthese are wonderful, they were recomended by a friend of mine and i have no regrets.
no other bottle compites with aventWe think these bottles are very durable and easy to use.
My daughter likes the easy to latch on nipple and I like being able to purchase faster flow nipples as needed.
Good quality bottles, don't leak and have easy to read oz./ml.
I also like the idea of the different sized nipples to adjust the flow.
I have only used size 1 because we need her to slow down; she eats to fast and gets a tummy ache.These bottles also fit perfectly in my bottle warmer (the first years) excellent choiceI was told that Avent bottles were the bottles to get and they were the only ones I ever gave to my son.
The wide mouth makes the bottles very easy to clean.
I had seven bottles and that was the perfect amount for us.
But that is an easy fix!
They are very durable as well and so easy to clean.
Works great sort of a pain to clean but easier than having to clean tubing on an electric.
I am actually a stay at home mom but this came in handy in MANY ways.
I had frozen just the bag to keep it cooler along with the ice packs and that really helped keep it colder longer.
I don't recommend Avent bottles for feeding but for storage they're perfect.
But if you prefer Avent you can just pop a nipple on the bottle and wha-la, ready to feed.
All I had to do was pump for about 5 min on each side and it was instant relief and baby latched on better.I highly recommend this pump for everyone.
I LOVE IT!Oh, and it is virtually silent so I can pump one breast as I breast feed my daughter on the otherI mostly use the Ameda electric, but used this on a weekend trip and was very pleased with the milk volume.
It is a little higher maintenance to clean, but I still recommend itIt's a great manual pump, but it's just a manual pump after all.
Manually pumping both breasts one at a time takes more than twice as long as double electric pumping to get the same amounts of milk.
Easy to use and clean.
However, it takes me about 20 minutes to pump 4 ounces.. on a good day!!
Luckily, I have an awesome boss, who allows me all the time I need to pump..
On the plus side.. all the litle extras it came with are great, and the case is discreet and keeps the bottles cold for a few hoursI am a first time mother and a stay at home mom.
I was in pain for days after I gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern.
I NOW know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby.
I will give it credit though, it's a lot easier to take apart and cleanThis isis breast pump set is great.
Besides that, its very conviencent to use and easy.
The only reason it got a two stars rating was because the pump handle does fit extremely well on the bottles and everything fits in the bag nicelyI bought this pump after seeing the success a coworker had with the ISIS pump.
After a few calls to the Avent customer service line (who were wonderful, very helpful and patient), I was getting much better results.
He never really took on the bottle, but that's a different story.
But I was a stay at home mom and just used the pump to express every now and then.
Maybe it was me being a first time mom, but I swore off that pump.
I figured after having such an easy time breastfeeding my 2nd child, it would be a piece of cake the 3rd time around.
Thanks AventAlthough I haven't been using this pump for very long, I've been able to get very good results.
It is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along.
I also like that the bottles fit onto the pump-nothing extra to buy (and clean).
I also have an electric pump but prefer this pump when I am home during the day.
Why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).
It works better for me without it.
Easy to clean and case makes storage easyI borrowed this breast pump from my sister and it is awesome!
I am only expressing twice a day so it is easy to clean!
What a great investmentThe Avent pump in this kit is very good.
I also like the carrying bag, which is subtle and good for work - it can even be used as a lunch box when you are done breastfeeding.However, the nipples in this kit are very hard and the speed on the slow flow was far too fast for my newborn (when I tested the milk on my wrist, I didn't get a drop - it squirts).
There are better bottles out there too, that keep the baby from getting too much air.
I was a night receptionist so I just pumped away while working.I like that it comes with a bag that is nice and stylish.
I highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.Follow-up: My youngest daughter is now six weeks old and I still love this pump.
I have an Ameda Purely Yours as well, and overall, I'd suggest paying the extra money and get an electric if you're working or having to pump full time, or you just want more convience.I hope this review helps, as I wanted it to be my best, considering all the experience I've had with so many pumpsI received this as a shower gift and boy am I thankful!
So I didn't want an electric one where everyone could hear an odd humming sound coming from the closed door.
It keeps it at a good temperature until you can get to a refridgerator again (I don't use the cold packs).All in all, this is a great breast pump set in every way.Something else that is great is that I own the Avent Microwave Steam Sterilizer and it has slots especially for the Avent pump to click into-and Avent bottles.
All the parts are sturdy.
But the kit does have extra valves.The insulated carrying bag is attractive and discrete.
The included bottles, nipples etc represent extra values.I'm extrememly pleased with this Avent product and have also bought Avent Microwave Express Sterilizer in which the ISIS pump parts can be sterilzed.Jan 3,2003: I've been working full time and nursing for the past 4.5 months using Isis exclusively.
I'm so happy to report that it's been working great for me without any problems at all.
My now 6.5 month old daughter is at a healthy 65 percentileI love my Isis.
Highly recommendedit's THE best item you can buy!
practical, easy to carry, easy to store.maybe, it should come with 3 9oz bottles and 1 4oz, instead of 2 and 2; becuase babies rapidly start needing more and more...also all mags that come with these items are great, with great tips, some of them are not even included in m. stoppard's book!
I think it has something to do with your size and the suction as to which works best.
Anyway, the pump is fine for a bottle, I only use it once in the day, but during the pumping time it will lose it's suction or you have to get it on just right before it will really get the milk quantity you want.
This is really anoying while you're trying to pump.Overall it's ok, but I think I can find another oneI have been using this twice a day since going back to work almost four months ago.
I had to go with an electric, and even then I still would have been better off with a variable shieldI bought other more expensive racks.
This one is the best.
Simple and goes with all kitchen decor, love itI was looking for a small drying rack for Sigg water bottles and this is perfect.
It has two different sized adjustable arms so that you can arrange it to suit your needs.
Also, not pictured, is a little attachment for tops and lidsThis thing is pretty good for a bottle drying rack, comes with a little shelf for drying nipples, Sturdy, drains well, allows you to make different configurations in consideration of your bottle sizes.
Holds the items well, easy to put them on.
Wish it could fold up and fit in the cupboard when we aren't using it, then would give it 5 starsThis is small, sturdy, and great for the price.
Just needs to be re-tapedThis a necessary item.
The tape it uses is perfect because it really stays put.
They are easy to cut and to mount exactly where needed.
The variety of colors is also nice to try and match various types of furniture or hazards.
For best grip you need to put it on each side of the inside &#34;L&#34; of the protectors.
It comes with a bunch of different sizes of tape as well.
Its double sided and seems to be holding upSo easy to install too!
I did the corners first so it was easier.
It's for a much thicker table and my glass table was too thin.Also, my niece is still crawling so the guard wasn't necessary.
Even when she stood up, she couldn't reach the table and she was safe as houses in her booster seat and high chairThis item, it is so good.
very easy to use and installI have used it on both a glass-topped table & wooden crib.
It was easy to put on & has been very durable, despite the best efforts of my very active 1 year old!
We love this, and highly recommend itWith an adventurous and slightly clumsy baby, these have gone a long way towards avoiding bruises and bumps while she learns to walk and run.
The ability to cut the padding and included double sided sticking tape with scissors make it easy to pad sharp furniture edges of all lengths.
The diagrams are really tiny and have no labels.
The guards are nice, thick foam, but that doesn't matter if the installation goes miserably.You can see my photos of the final results I got in the Customer Image GalleryNice bumpers.
Very soft and easy to place.
It is nice.
once i get so me photos i will attach but for the moment it is serving its purpose and we are very happy!
This are awesome around our coffee table, end tables and entertainment center.
It's nice and thick.The tape that came with it isn't that sticky though.
It makes it easy to stick and restick back on so you get it on good.
The longer guard is easy to cut for whatever length is needed.
I've reordered and used this product for two houses and I will reorder again if I ever need moreI think my daughter would pull off any table corner I put on, but this one at least seems the most sturdy and is easy to put back on when she does pull it off.
It really blends in at the same time that protects my son from the sharp corners.
Also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib raillingThis edge and corner set is a great value.
This set was perfect to secure the entire thing.
It was easy to trim and apply.
I prefer the gray to the chocolate for lighter woods.
Overall a good productThe title says it all...the edges of the bumpers were very tempting for my daughter to peel every chance she got.
You'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.They were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table.
It sticks really well- we'll see how it holds up over time- and the color looks great against my taupe tile.
It really doesn't look cheesy at all.
This stuff gives a perfect fit since it's cut to fit.
It would have been better if they sent a roll of the double sided tape instead.
If the tape was in one roll, that would also make installation of the foam strip easier because you could put one piece of tape on the foam, and just pull the backing away from the two ends to get it aligned properly before pulling off the rest of the backing and securing the middle of the strip to the table.2.
The foam strip develops something of a shape memory from being rolled up in the package, and by the time you get to the center of the roll, you really have to fight against that curved shaped to install the tape and get the strip installed on the table in a straight manner.
It would have been better if it came in strips (perhaps two 6-foot strips or four 3-foot strips), but I do realize this would have also increased the shipping cost.3.
It was the greatest feature of our family room until we had a baby.
It is super easy to put on, works really well and I KNOW we would have had lots more tears, bumbs, cuts, bangs, etc.
While it's true that the tape won't last forever, it is also true that it won't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently.
Since I don't have kids yet (we are adopting) I can't really comment about the durability.
A definite for anyone with a fireplace and a squishy little handful of a babyWe put this on our coffee table six months ago, all but one of the corners have fallen off repeatedly.
The long strips dont really protect my child much.
I have it guarding edges of my glass TV stand and it works greatWe purchased these edge guards just to be cautious but, once my son became mobile, we were thankful for these edge guards.
The coloring was a nice neutral match as wellWe were able to cover the edge at Grandma's house with ease.
Cuts easy, tape is sticky and hasn't peeled off.
This product was great and came with lots of strong double sided tapeThe table was a little larger but cutting it to leave a 1" space in the center of each length works great.
It looks good and you don't even notice its thereWe have a big fireplace and this fit it, with some left over.
It's easy to install but, keep in mind that your baby can easily pull this off of whatever it's attached to but, you don't want something that is going to stay on forever.
I need to return this itemShipped in nice original box.Four corner plus the long strip - as described.A nice touch is the double-sided-tape is 3M and not some cheap fall-off-next-week tapeThese were easy to install and are aesthetically bearable.
It contains more than twice as much foam - PLUS corners, you can cut it to whatever size you need, it bends around curves, and It's MUCH softer than the Safety First bumper!I love it, and it's perfect.
I couldn't pull mine off, so I know my 9 month old can'tThis edge guard is very easy to put on and sticks very well.
Our fire place is tile and the color blends in wellEasy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!
I put this protector on my fire place too, and it looks and feels wonderful.
When I googled some babyproofing options for coffee tables I read a lot of stories about some really gory coffee table accidents so I do think this is worth it even if they aren't the most attractive thing in the worldGreat product!
The corner pieces tend to easily come off with a little one around.
Overall, definitely worth the price.-Corner pieces used separately on corners of tables without the longer strips: This doesn't look great but compared to the other clear plastic or silicone corner pieces I have much greater piece of mind with these.
This works like a charm.The edges have not peeled off metal, it was extremely easy to install and there was more than enough tape strips/squares given.
The double stick tape makes application quick and easy.I would highly recommend this product.
I bought two of this in light and dark for different furniture when my kid was 7-8 months old.And i can vouch that this tape has avoided a handfull of accidents.CautionThe paint(especially wall paint) can come off when removing it.Once off any surface it doest stick again.Apply after you kids go to sleep needs some time to have a firm fix and so that they dont know it can be taken off.Also would add taht applying this when the child is young gives better chances that they stay on.Also Matching color should help being noted by children But you know all kids are differentIt works but I expected it to be a different color, a bit more white, rather than beige.
You can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?
Thank youThese have a nice amount of cushioning to protect my 9 month old daughter as she &#34;cruises&#34; around our coffee table.
Once I put it on both sides, it works much better.
Protects the kiddo's noggin pretty wellI have tried tons of different bumpers and my favorite is prince lionheart, it is easy to apply and is nice looking as wellWhen you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.
This brand is MUCH better than the Cosmos brand, also sold here on Amazon.
It is easy to apply to furniture and it remains in place.
I highly recommend itThe guard came heavily distorted from probably sitting in the box for way too long.
I would have given it one star and returned it if I used to to cover a tableThis comes highly recommended in my family.
It&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use.
For us we have an extremely sharp edge in our shower and baby crawls around so we didn&#699;t want him to slip and fall on the edge.
Since we have an old, beat-up coffee table, it didn't really affect the looks of our furniture much.
And it does leave behind some pretty substantial sticky bits when it comes off, I've just been too lazy to clean it up with anything yet.
Overall a good investmentWe like the product and works very well.
It's a little pricey but overall good product.
We have purchased severalsoft foamy, with double side tape.
They're terry cloth but they really don't look as nice as I had hoped.
For the money, I'd reccommend the Wendy Bellisomo brand of cover - they're a better material than these areI wish I had two!
I mean really, for the price, I could have bought a better made towel that had emblishments that cost more than the cheap elastic they used to make the cover.
I would have even paid more to have the choice between this terrycloth and a better one.Finally, I still am very pleased and would purchase it with the contoured changing pad for a friend's baby shower tooI love how soft and cuddly this changing pad cover is.
I also washed them in cold water with Baby Dreft detergent, hung them to dry and rotated the 3 covers that we have.While it is a nice product while it lasts, I just expected them to be more durableThis works well with the contour changing pad.
It works even better if you cut the straps off the changing pad.
.however I just wish that it had held up a bit better for usGreat colors, and I like Simmons' contoured changing pad, which this is supposed to fit, but keep in mind that washing will significantly shrink the covers &amp; the terry fabric doesn't hold up well.
After just a couple of months, ours are already coming apartI am so pleased that the Contoured Changing Table Pad has so many choices in color for its cover!
I only wish I got more that two!These terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin.
I'm definitely not going to spend 100 bucks or more on a double stroller, but since I found two umbrella strollers on sale for 10 bucks each, my double stroller was only 30 bucks!
brand) which are two different heights.
If they stayed connected it would be perfect.
I have twins and have 4 strollers but sometimes travelling it is nice to travel a little lighter and use umbrella strollersThese are easy to put on and take off.
I use a combination of these for the top connection and a different brand for the bottom that are adjustable since my stroller bars are wider at the base and I connect in 4 places instead of 3 for a sturdier connectionI was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.
It doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is SO easy to clean.
I also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.
If you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!
I had to switch to another booster with straps due to some safety issues associated with this alsoThe Cooshie Booster is a good booster seat for toddlers when used in the right conditions.
However, my wife and I are yet to experience the miraculous calming effects at the dinner table that so many other reviews have mentioned.The Booster is made from one solid piece soft foam material.
This ease of use, both at the table and when getting washed in the sink, are its major selling points.On the other hand, the one-piece construction makes the bulky Booster less than ideal for use away from home.
We only take ours out when we're going to Grandma and Grandpa's house for a few days; otherwise, it's more trouble than it's worth.
Sure, it's lightweight, but the supplied carrying case is roughly the size of a bowling ball bag.
Plus, the bag is very cheap and unattractive; basically they're selling you the packaging as a carrying case.Lastly, we haven't seen the Booster effect any great improvement in our son's attention span at the table - when he wants to get down, he wants to get down, period.
Because he's in the toddler independence phase, he'd often rather climb into another chair by himself rather than be lifted into the Booster.So, the Booster does a great job of providing a simple-to-use and easy-to-maintain solution at home, but if you take your little one out frequently, a more portable options would suit you better.PROS* Stable, soft foam stays in place without marking chairs* Very easy to clean with one-piece constructionCONS* Bulky on the go* Will frustrate toddlers who like to climb into their own chairAfter tiring of wiping up trays that didn't stay put, straps that couldn't be cleaned completely and levers that didn't operate easily, we tossed our high chair and booster seats for this absolutely WONDERFUL little seat.
Tot-Loc, First Years 4 in 1 feeding seat, and First Years Folding Booster...all great products by the way) She really just wanted to sit at the kitchen and dining room table like a big girl, and she didn't want to sit in the baby seats that allow you to convert them to big kid boosters by removing the trays.
This booster seat seems to have completely changed the way my daughter looks at meal time for the better.
Also, the travel case this booster comes with is a nice touch, and it has room to pack a bib or small snack as well as the booster.
It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat.
Obviously, it's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess, but it's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl.
It cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than I could have expectedThese are nice jumbo corners that didn't make our table look too hideous, but at some point your baby's going to learn to pull them off!
This didn't happen for us for a while and I really think any other brands would have the same problem, so this one's the best in the market.
It's definitely better to have these than nothing at allThis is a great product.
I have yet to find a good double sticky tapeUse these on areas where the Jumbo size is just too big.
I watch him and move him away, but it makes me feel better to have these there just in case.
They are large with good cushion and will do its job.
I took it back the next day because the latches that keep the buttons away from Baby broke and the buttons wouldn't work.This second try has been better.
looks like a good ideaI love my cd player.
We were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower- it was something we really wanted.
For such an expensive item the quality is very poor.We ended up ordering the Fisher Price Tape Player online and it is really wonderful.
We love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaperI thought this would be a great idea.
On the other hand though, I was thankful to have it many times as it did lull my kids into dreaminess and listening to it on the baby monitor-it had the same effect on me.
The cheap "bob the builder" toilet seat does a better job of keeping the pee in the toilet while he is sitting.
I wish they would make the seat more compatible with boysWe've tried several different potty seats and this is the best by far:1) Fairly easy to clean, integrated design.
Love that it wipes clean if it gets messy2) Built in pee guard for boys... We had another seat with a snap on attachment, and of course it got lost while our daughter was using it.3) very sturdy and stable on toilet.
I tried to use the little potty that sits on the floor but I prefer this one.
Would highly recommend thisFits on most seats with minor adjustment.
My daughter likes to do it herself and it is very easy for her to do so.
I have to finagle it a little, but it fits and is very secure so thats a win in my book.SIDE NOTE: Grandma owns the Fischer Price froggy potty which works perfectly, so if you are also thinking about getting a little chair, I highly recommend itFits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23-month-old daughter to sit on securely.
Unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning, and the Baby Bjorn training seat doesn't fit it.
It's easy to clean too - there are no crevices like the padded seat.
I can't really blame the Bjorn, though, as it seems to be just the fact that it is made out of plastic.I like that it is so slim, so it doesn't add much height to the existing toilet.
It's easier for my son to sit down and stand up (with the help of a stool.)
It's also very simplistic, so it is easy to clean.Speaking of cleaning, though, I have to clean it after every single use.
I'd say- spend less money for a basic seat that you still have to clean up, but at least you'd have saved money!
If you buy this seat (at least, for a boy), keep some wipes handy to keep your toilet seat clean for others to useI bought BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer to potty train my son.
i even take this to other people's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training, and this product enabled me to accomplish thatI just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one.
Looks nice.
Cleans easythe best!
It does come up a little easier then I thought but still no issuesWe bought a couple of stand-alone potty seats a few months ago when our daughter was about 20 months old.
Despite the exact fit, the toilet trainer seat is so easy to put on and remove that a preschooler could probably do it unassisted.
There's a handy loop at the back of the seat so that you can hang it nearby for easy storage.
(We hang it on aPotty Hookthat hooks over our toilet tank).As I said in the title of this review, the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer would be just about perfect, if only it had handles for little-ones to hold onto.
It's intended to help little boys avoid touching the germy toilet seat by providing a more sanitary grab-handle for lifting and lowering the seat.
It doesn't hurt that the Shandle comes in a variety of kid-friendly designs such as dinosaurs, martians and robots, which makes them attractive to toddlers.
(It also comes in elegant fashion prints and plain white, for those who prefer their bathrooms to have a more adult look).
It was the perfect solution for us.Grade: A- (1 star deducted because the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer doesn't have built-in handlesThis is a fantastic seat for these reasons:1.
Easy to clean!3.
Carrying handle is great for kids and sanitary for moving the seat around.The only reason I did not give this seat 5 stars is if a little boy is sitting to go #1, you really have to make sure his "aim" is down otherwise as the force of urine stream hits the deflector it can splash up onto his legs a bit (nothing a bit of TP can't hande, though).
All it means is a little extra foresight for mom and dad when he is getting ready to goI started having my son sit on this and the potty chair when he turned 14 months and he actually prefers sitting on this than the potty chair that is low to the ground.
This is great for me because it is less clean up!Would highly recommendThis item is very simple to install and the white plastic makes it very easy to clean.
Very easy to use and clean, and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet.
I understand why the bump in the front is there (to stop kids from peeing out the front of it) but if it could be made with a softer material (at least on the front) it might make it easier and less painful for kids to get on and off ofAfter lots of reviews I figured this was the best seat for our long toilet's (Kohler brand).
It made for an easy transition from potty chair to the bigger toiletI think you have to like this toilet trainer.
It's comfortable, reliable and easy to clean.
This is a better model than many alternativesWe have two of these toilet trainers: one for upstairs and one for downstairs.
Potty training has been much easier now that my wiggly boy can sit without sliding offThis is the first seat you used for potty training.
I LOVED it for the following reasons: 1. it adjusts to stay in place, 2. it fit all of the toilets in the house (important when you have two round and one elongated toilet), 3. it wasn't padded or cheesy (cheesy characters), and 4.
I forgot to review earlier, but this is a very good choice and no pinching or hang ups for my Grandson.
Last but not least, the cleaning was easy, fast and comfortable from the first time on without fear of falling in because it's a perfect sizeThe hubs and I don't really buy a lot of special baby/kid goods.
We bought this so that he could sit comfortably on a normal toilet.This is a lovely, sturdy device, which is very easy to clean and has a convenient hook for hanging on the wall.
What a nice bathroom decoration.
But whatever, it's an easy way to store it.
The front lip is a little difficult for my son to get over when he's sitting down, but it seems like somewhat of a safety feature, so I'm good with it.I don't really know what to say.
I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat, easy to clean.
It has a nice shape for sitting.
As far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty, he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up.
It has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes.
I have one in every bathroomHaving our grandson move closer meant I needed to purchase some necessary equipment - and a potty seat is definitely necessary.
After reading numerous Amazon reviews, I decided to purchase the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer and am very pleased with my choice.The BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer sits on the seat and is then secured by turning a wheel at the back of the seat.
The solid piece construction of the main seat prevents waste products from becoming trapped in grooves or joints and minimizes the possibility of odor.Further, the seat rinses off easily and can then be hung, by the large attached loop, to dripdry.
It is a five-star necessityThis seat is awesome, it fits both elongated and normal bowls very snugly.
It is very easy to clean.
Relatively cheap, comes in various colors, has an adjustment knob to 'fit' various toilet sizes, the hooks allows you to hang it (added a tacky hook to bathroom wall) and best of all it doesn't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain.
This is a better optionI purchased this hoping to avoid using a stand alone toilet trainer.
It was quickly returned, and replaced with this one.This seat is SO easy to use - there's a dial that's accessible from the top back to adjust its fit, and it's snug as could be.
It's secure and doesn't move around, but really easy to take off again for adults and older kids to use.
It has a nice pee-guard for little boys, and sits down into the toilet a bit so the pee doesn't end up coming out between the toilet and seat.
However, after three months of regular use, my 2.5 year old son has no problems with it and it fits nice and snugly on our Toto toiletsWe love this seat so much, we ended up getting two...one for each of our bathrooms.
The front part can get a little messy if they scoot forward after using the bathroom, but the surface is very easy to clean.
My granddaughter wouldn't sit one the "cheap" one bought originally but really likes this one.
Seat is made in SwedenThis product really does fit ALL toilets.
I highly recommend itWhich just about says it all!This potty seat is easy for my daughter to put on the potty and remove.
And, best of all, it's relieved her totally valid fears of falling into the big potty, which means a lot less little potty clean-up for us.This is our 3rd potty seat.
The other two had soft, foamy seats, which try as we might, we couldn't keep clean.
So, the absolute best feature of this potty seat is how clean it is, how clean it stays, and how low maintenance it is.
We wipe it down occasionally, but its wonderful design keeps it from getting waste on it, and keeps germs from accumulating.Lastly, it's easy to install for any toilet.
Easy to clean and lightweight.
In fact, if you are potty training, it's best to imitate the really thing anyways.
Very happy with this purchaseAll the potty seats I looked at say they are for older children, including this one.
It is perfect!
Now the potty seat hangs from the toilet tank and is easily accessible and neat looking.Pros:Sits securely on toilet seatEasy to cleanFlexible handle for hangingCons:Expensive (best price at my time of purchase was here at Amazon)I would recommend it, but I am wondering if the Arm and Hammer seat (which seems to be similar in shape) is comparable.
Super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!
My daughter loves them and it gives her the perfect amount of comfort and support during potty training.
Cannot recommend these enoughWe bought one for each bathroom (one upstairs, one on main floor) and it was easier and better to travel with than the little green baby bjorn potty.
The price is awesome.
My girl covered it in lifelike bug stickers which is just funny when company comes.
For as long as their little tushes are too small for the big seat, it is awesomeThis is perfect.
I hung mine on the bathroom wall and he would take it down and put it on the toilet himself when he had to do #2 and then put it back when he was doneAlthough the adjuster to fit on our oval toilet doesn't work on it, it doesn't matter because it has a rubber edge that keeps it in place easily, for all 3 of my triplets, and they're all different sizesMy little one has tried a few different toilet trainers, and this one by far is the best.
?This is the best potty seat I purchased.
As others have mentioned, she can place it on the toilet herself, which she really enjoys, and even helps me wipe it off after using.
Even with a girl, she has managed to pee over the splash guard twice so far, but it is really a small price to pay for how clean and convenient this seat is.
I love that it fits in my (formerly) diaper bag, so she always has a clean toilet seat, even while travelling.
Love the little potty as well, but obviously prefer that there is no clean up required with the seat toppers.
I have to clean the toilet seat every time I lift the BabyBjorn potty seat.
The first one had the handle crack.I bought a different potty seat to replace this one initially and it was sent back quickly in favor of this seat!There is a dial that turns to adjust two plastic pieces that sizes it for your toilet.My son is 3 and he knows how to use the potty all by himself.
There is no leakage between the seat and the toilet seat and the guard works well.I fully expect that my daughter will be able to use this seat when she is ready to potty trainUsing the wheel to adjust this for a snug fit on our toilet seats was VERY easy, very pleased with this seat, it seems very comfortable for our 21 month old.
I have a potty chair for my son but want him to have the option of using the big potty on a regular basis as soon as possible, so I am fitting each toilet in our house with one of theseI recommend this potty seat to all the mom's I know.
We had a different brand one before buying this seat and it pinched my sons private parts.
This seat is all one piece and is easy for my son to put on and take off the potty.
It has a wheel that adjust so it can fit in different size toilets.
It has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.You can not go wrong with this seatThe lip on this is necessary for boys!
Looks nice, cleans well, travels well, stays put.
It's perfect for my 3 year oldI didnt know you had to lift the seat up to use this.
This makes it easy for your toddler to use the potty without feeling as though they are going to fall into the toilet.
Its very easy to clean because it's all one piece and my son feels very comfortable sitting on this one without pinching his thighs or feeling like he may tip to the sideMy daughter really likes her pink potty seat.
It's simple to clean and fits well.
We very much preferred this over the potty seat that doesn't sit on the toilet - my son wanted the &#34;real thing&#34;.
We really love this toilet trainerFor some reason my son likes this better than sitting on his own baby potty.
it's easy to remove quickly for others who are already potty trained when they gotta goGreat design--we haven't actually used it yet, but I like how it fits on the toilet seat.
We were trying to introduce our baby to potties really early, but have been lazy about it.
But we can use it on the changing table, so it's easier for us.
She's 8 monthsMy son was scared of falling into the toilet so this was super helpful when we really dove into potty training.
The design is really clever and I do believe that it would fit on any seat tightly the way it's adjustable.
Very happy with this product.
Also I've noticed that though she's a girl it's still helpful that this unit has a splash guard on itWe have now bought 3, count them 3, different potty scenarios for our 2-year-old, and this is by far the best.
Stays on snugly, prevents leaks well, easy to cleanHere is what I like about this:- you can adjust some fitting with the turn of a dial on the inside back of the seat so that it doesn't shift when on the Toilet (this way I can use it on different toilet bowls and it sits steady)- just one piece (that way things don't get in between the pieces), less mess and easy to clean- contoured etc and all the stuff they say in their descriptionWhat I wish was different: I wish that the seat was a little cushioned.
Easy to clean.
You must buy a stool with it but otherwise greatMy son it doing well with this seat, no little potty, staight to this seat.
Fits on the toliet really snugLOVE THIS SEAT!
Well designed to adjust to many different sizes of toilets.
Super easy to clean after each use.
LOVE ITI am embarrassed to admit how happy I am about this potty seat.
I put a small black dot on the dial where it has the perfect fit, because with time, it does adjust ever so slightly, so I know exactly where it needs to be snug.
Or maybe because its clean & white, idk.
This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a "snap on" deflector (for boys).
It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats, and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it.
I highly recommend it -- no need for a potty eitherI read several reviews before settling on this one.
It little ridge on the front are perfect for little boys and avoid any leakage or spilling!
Well priced, well made, and very functionalI love the dial on the back that makes it really secure on any shape seat.
If you've ever had a kid fall into the toilet you know important that feature isI bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon.
I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS--Easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-Snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; Much more so than the "cushioned" one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc.
to have to worry about.-Durable; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N/A ;)I would highly recommend this item.
Haven't had any issues cleaning it upThis seat is very easy to install and fits securely.
Granted, I have little boys, so maybe this isn't so much of a problem with girls.We had MUCH better luck with the Mommy's Helper Cushie Tushie potty seat (the one with the ducks on it), which is, incidentally, much cheaper and easier to clean.
(I'll have to make my own travel potty kit: an old duffel bag, flat-folding step stool, flushable wipes, disinfectant wipes, antibacterial hand gel, etc.)
It's made of the same durable material as the seat that came with our white toilet so it matches perfectly, and it's easy to clean.
Would highly recommendThese are just great.
I have 2 of these & would recommend these to everyone alwaysThough this is a nice sturdy potty seat and would probably be perfect for girls or larger boys, it did not work for me.
It is adjustable and allows the child to sit more naturally on the toilet than the thick padded seatsNot much to say beyond that - it does what its supposed to do, and its easy to clean.
Also, easy to clean.
I also like the look of it; simple and clean.
our daughter also likes that this helps her use the same potties mama and daddy usemy son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old.
Now if potty training was just as easy.
Easy to clean the toilet still too.
We have the cushioned one, with little ducks which is nice, but this is really a step up.
It has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot.
I really liked this one enough to purchase a second for trips to grandma's.
It is strong, sturdy, easy to clean.
The simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
The adjustable fitting makes it nice and snug so the kids don't wiggle at all on the seat.
We are just beginning to potty train so it hasn't had much actual use yet and I can't speak to how well it works otherwiseI've bought several potty training seats, and this is by far the very best out there as far as fit and stability.If I were going to change one thing about it, it would be to make a boy's version and a girl's; the guard in front is pretty unnecessary for our daughter, and it gets in the way of her wiping herself.With that said, I'm really happy with the way it adjusts to fit the seat and doesn't wobble or slide to one side, like other seats I've tried.
It's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble, thanks to the handle.Don't bother with those other seats.
Nice quality seat, smooth and easy to clean, and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly (due to the adjustability of the seat).
My daughter is happy seating on it, it's small enough for her and it's very easy to install, put on and take offAfter 3 weeks of use maybe 1-2x/day, the rubber handle is separating from the rest of the potty.
I am returning it and hoping for better luck with the replacement.Other than that, my daughter loves this.
The product fit very well on my elongated toilet seat and was easy to adjustI tried a few different seats and nothing fit my oval shaped Toto seats well.The adjusters in this allow it to fit the seat perfectly.
It's sturdy, and easy to clean.
This one is just ever so slightly smaller and a much better fit for either small or early trained kidsmy son started using this potty at 6 months.
She can easily scoot accross the floor while seated on it.It might be good if you have a very early potty trainer or one on the (very) smaller side.
I really wish I would have bought the Bjorn big pottyMy son is little so it may not be good for larger kids starting to potty train.
He's about 27 pounds age 21 months.Get some of those disinfectant wipes and clean it out each time and you're good.
It's small in design, with no removable bowl which makes it very hard to keep clean.
I actually purchased online from Amazon specifically to find the one piece BabyBjorn Little Potty (BBLP) after my friends raved about it.It now lives permanently in the back of my car, so that my toddler can have easy access to a potty when we're on the go.
Its easy to dump it into the toilet and rinse in the bathroom sink (the one we don't use, hah).
The price was well worth itI like the simplicity of the chair, its easy to grab and use when an any room and clean is really easy.
The only complaint I have is the comfort factor, but I don't see how that could be improved without loosing the ability to grab and go and clean easy.
Honestly, I wish we had gotten this one first for when she was really little and interested in the potty (we got her first potty at 16-months, but she still had a hard time getting on it herself because she was so small).
We mostly used this as a travel or back-up potty, with parental supportFor all those EC moms, this is a perfect product.
It's a nice small size (for infants) and easy to use and cleanOk so my 8mo old has been doing EC (google it) since 3 mo old.So we have like 4 of these (1 per room)You gotta get a WHItE one!!
White makes it so much easier to see if he has gone #1 (and 2).I wish all 4 of ours were white.Please star this so others know white is the way to go.Oh and bjorn, please make a clear one!
It's reasonably priced, and the perfect size for a child under 2 years who is learning to use the potty or just has potty curiousity after watching an older sibling use the potty.
Since we don't really plan on making it the long-term potty, and more just a trainer, this isn't such a big deal.So, if you're looking for a small potty for a younger child that will temporarily suit them perfectly, look no further.
A nice bonus is how little space this potty takes up!
Their feet will touch the ground and it's easy for them to sit on.
This makes it really easy to carry to different areas of the house, in the car, and it seems less tempting to be used as a hat.
We have used 3 different potties over the years with our children and this is my favorite.
The back has a knotch cut out for easy carrying.
Really great little pottyWe used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.
It was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!She is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but I think she is getting a bit big for it now.
Good learning potty as it's easy to sit on quickly.
I love how easy this is to clean.
I like that it's backless in that it's easier to sit behind her and make potty time a relaxing time, while I hold a book in front of her.
I like that it is all one piece, making it super easy to clean.
It is perfect for us, but be aware it is smallWe love it, baby loves it, washes easy, good price, free shipping when bought from Amazon!
Great size for EC babiesPerfect little potty, I'm using for EC with my 3month old and it is working beautifully, easy to grab nice neat compact size and just great to have around!
:)Plus, it's light and easily transportable.I love it that Baby Bjorn has recognized the need for a smaller potty for the ECing crowd or those with smaller children wanting to use the pottyThis is the best potty.
It stays really clean because it's just one piece of shaped plastic.
Also the splash guard is important, even for girls.
Also it's light and easy to take to the beach or wherever we goLove this potty.
I highly recommend this potty.
It works well and I can't imagine anything better.
The potty is a perfect size for a young child/baby who is beginning to use the potty.
Other reviews said that they wished Bjorn would make a clear potty like this which is why I got white (next best thing for seeing when he's done).
It solved the problem and we are back to happily going in her potty.I highly recommend it!
This potty has been a wonderful solution to that problem.It's definitely small, but since my baby is a particularly petite baby to begin with, I reckon she'll probably be close to completely potty trained before she outgrows this.
It's a nice size for us right now, however.Cleaning it is relatively simple with dumping the waste into the toilet, rinsing it out, then wiping it down with disinfecting wipes.
One feature I really would love to have in this is a pour spout somewhere to make dumping the waste a cleaner task.
A pour spout would have been a simple solution to this problem.Otherwise, we are completely pleased with this product.
I can imagine having a second one for the car down the line might be a good investment considering how reasonably priced it is.Update: We still use this now that our daughter is five months old.
For that reason, I still prefer the size and shape of the Baby Bjorn potty.
I wish these two potties could get together and create a perfect design for little babiesThis is a no frills, easy to clean, comfortable potty...just as a potty is supposed to be.
Cleaning is pretty easy, I wipe with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes 4-Pack: 1 Fresh Scent, 2 Lemon Fresh, 1 Orange (78 Wipes Per Canister - 312 Wet Wipes Total), wash with hot water and spray withClorox Anywhere Daily Sanitizing Spray, 22-Fluid Ounce Bottles (Case of 9)and let dry or wipe drystarted taking baby potty at 2 months - he's 5 months now (17 lbs, 26" tall), & can sit on this potty himself.
it is so easy to clean & take to work with me, & fits him greatVery simple, very economical and it fits small babies.
It is easy to clean - overall full satisfactionI own two of these potties.
We're practicing elimination communication and these potties are the perfect size for infants!
I love that there aren't any extra bells and whistles to get in the way of easy clean up.We have one in blue and one in yellow.
Way cuter than the blue - which, in comparison, seems a bit dullWe bought this potty chair after much research and also owning another one - a Winnie the Pooh Potty chair with a removable urine shield that pops off too easily and just asks to be lost.
This chair is so much better that it doesn't even compare.
In contrast, he is lukewarm about the other chair.The best things about this chair:1) Simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean.
Not a good thing with a potty2) built in urine shield (into the bowl) works great and our son loves sitting on it.
Would buy the same brand, if they made a new version that covers and did not come apart so easily from the base (my daughter take out the center all the time)which can become a problem if she empties the contentSimple design that:- allows child to sit rather then have to support themselves (important esp when they start potty training at an earlier age)- the entire seat area comes off so it's easy to clean and dump into toilet and rinse- comes in many colors to suit your liking- bottom has a rubber gasket surrounding the entire outside lip so that it creates good traction- durable and so no worry about breaking this when a child is breaking or when you are moving it a lotThis is a great product.
It's easy for the babes to sit on comfortably.
It's easy to clean b/c it only has one part.
And it has that nice rubber ring on the bottom to prevent slidesThis is my second potty purchase and I truly wished it had been my first.
I'm grateful I finally caved and bought this.
This smaller kid friendly toilet makes potty training a more manageable task for kids.
He has one of his squirty friends or a book in his hands to keep him happy.
Pooping, we have not started yet, but so far it has been easy to clean and the splash guard does work great, remove the inner seat and wash it in warm water, and its even sanitized!Its been about a month since I got the first potty and here I am ready to buy my second one for the bathroom on the first floor.
He wouldnt sit on it even once, and its going back to Amazon today while I order my second potty chairWe used this through two kids and while they both only used it for a short period of time it was very easy to use and clean.
It is easy to clean.
It is easy to move around the house and most importantly she likes itI started using this potty with my daughter when she was just able to sit up on her own.
The high back was more helpful then, than it is now, but it's still nice to have the high back.
Easy to clean, comfy to sit onEasy to clean, easy on my son's bottom.
very, very easy to use.
They are easy to clean (I have even stuck the bowl portion in the dishwasher) and easy to transport.
My kids LOVE the bright colors which make potty training easier :) Well worth the moneySince we practice elimination communication we looked for a potty that would work well for a young child who just began sitting with no (or very little) support.
It is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out.
We are very happy with the decision to go with this modelSo we have been using this potty seat for several months now trying to get our daughter used to going on the potty.
I bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean.
I am going to look for a cushioned potty chair next and hopefully we have more successWe've tried a number of potties for kids, and this is by far the best brand and design.
There's also a version without a &#34;chair&#34; back that is equally good; we have them both.PROS:-- ergonomic, comfortable for toddlers and even infants if you are doing elimination communication-- all molded plastic design makes it easy to keep clean, no cushion to get soggy-- insert lifts out for easy dumping into adult toilet, fits in sink for washing clean-- sturdy base ensures your kid will not tip it over, even if wiggly-- spray guard works well for boys but still is small enough to let kids get on easilyCONS-- your toddler may not want to transition to big toilet because these are so comfortableI really can't think of any cons for these potties.
They are so sturdy, are easy to clean and maintain, and my toddler can even empty this one easily himself without making a mess.
Some potties have cushions and other moving parts, making it really complicated to disassemble for emptying.
It has a solid back if he leans back, and a little lip so he won't pee right at youOur boy started potty training around 15 months, and this high back was great for him at that young age, plus it is very easy to clean and fits his small tush (he is only 25 lbs).
.He sits and holds a few toys while &#34;making&#34;..it cleans up very well..no issues..I should get 2 morewe havent learned yet to use on it but i love the color and looks nice in the rest room andI understand that boys need a splash guard, but there's little chance that this bright-pink potty will be purchased for a boy.
It's the right size, the right distance off the ground for a two-year-old, and the back is high enough to be supportiveThis is a basic potty with the pot that can be removed for easy cleaning so it's easy to wash and clean but my poor kid stands up from sitting on this for mere minutes and has deep red marks on her legs and bottom, it's uncomfortable!
It's easy to clean and looks nice in the bathroom, instead of looking like just another piece of baby gear.
It worked brilliantly for usMy LO doesn't mind sitting on this at 7 months (we're starting EC) with a toy or a book and we're good to go.
Easy clean up and very durable.
I'm tempted to get one for downstairs for convenience sakeWould be nice if the white container was made with a little cushion for the small tush, but it's nice in that it's easy to clean and easy for the little ones to sit on.
The inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth.
The base is very solid and sturdy and doesn't move at all.
He seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book.
Very easy to clean as well and no leaking noted.
We researched plenty of potty seats and found this to be the best for boysThe high back and sturdy base make this chair perfect for little ones just getting the hang of using the potty.
It's really well made and very sturdy.
The chair itself is very sturdy and extremely easy to clean.
its easy for him to get on and off of by himself which is another big plus.
i LOVE how easy it is to clean, much easier than the other potty chair we have which is 3 separate pieces.it may not have any fancy extras but it gets the job doneI have a 2 year old in the potty training phase.
We ALL are so happy we did!
It's a perfect potty chair.
There are only 2 pieces and NO nooks to squeeze into to clean.
It's good to go.At the end of the day, I just spray a little Clorox anywhere on it and let it dry for the next day.
He would sometimes just sit there for a decent period of time just waiting.
I think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.They're right now in the early stages of learning.
It's so easy to clean.
They like to dump it themselves in the big toilet and it's easy for them to do that .
It is easy to clean, my daughter uses it, and it has held up well so far.
I like it because it doesn't have a whole lot of bells and whistles and it does what it is suppose to- my daughter didn't seem interested in the toilets that sang to her or did special tricks.
Overall a good product that I would recommend to anyone looking for a training seatThis a nicely molded piece of plastic- simple, no sharp edges.
It's the perfect size and easy to dump and clean after each useAwesome!!!!
Plus this one is soooo great for boys, there is plenty of space and the guard in front makes it really easy!!!
The high back is nice for my daughter because she can read her favorite book and lean back.
Having gone through the search of a good one with my first child, I found this and bought 2.
It's simple to clean, you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet.
The Baby Bjorn takes care of all the problems I had with the Safety 1st potty!The simple construction is so sanitary and easy to clean.
No more peeing off the front of the potty and no flimsy detachable splash guards that flip down into the seat.It has a nice rubber grip on the bottom to keep it in the same place on the floor.Another plus is that it's nice looking and blends in with the rest of the bathroom.I'm very happy with the quality and design of this potty and I have NO complaintsFor nearly a year, I have been struggling to help my now three-year-old become potty trained.
After reading the positive reviews, I decided upon the Baby Bjorn potty chair, allowed my son to be involved by selecting a color (blue)...and couldn't be happier with our choice!My son has been excited about his new blue Baby Bjorn potty chair since the UPS driver brought it to our house, and I am impressed as well.
This potty chair is tall enough that it is comfortable for him to sit upon, there are no separate guards that pinch him, the rubber bottom prevents it from sliding on our floor, it has a back and armrests that help my son stand up after going potty, he can use it by himself, AND it's super easy to clean!
I would highly recommend that other parents try this chair before wasting their money on any othersI like how it is a basic potty with no frills.
It is stable and very easy to cleanI started potty training my son at about 14 months, and he is short for his age.
Also wipes clean easily and doesn't retain any stains or odorsWe owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years.
At Grandma and Grandpa's house they had the Bjorn Smart Potty, which seemed to work better for him.
Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub.
Any potty (with boys using it) is going to have occasional dribbles.And my son was pretty excited when it arrivedI love this potty chair!My son barely used it, just for the beginning month of his potty training but it had many very nice qualities and I would recommend it highly.The color is pretty and the chair is cute.
I like my bathroom to look nice and it didnt bother me to see this in there every day.The skid rubber on the bottom really hung on to the ground well, even in those times when some bath water had gotten on the floor.
It is very stable and wont move around on you or your toddler.the design is simple, which means that clean up is simple as well.
She has been "training" for 6 days now, and is almost completely day trained!This seat is by far the best in our experiences.
It is NOT easy to tip!
It is super easy to clean - there aren't a bunch of seams to gather gunk, it's easy to wipe down with a clorox wipe and be done.
It's also super easy to take the little bucket out, and soak in clorox or hose down.
This was such a big deal to my children --- also, they are solid colors that can look nice with your bathroom.
The surface is also nice that your child can decorate the back with cute stickers if wanted.
It works for children of all different sizes!
My son was 40" and 42lbs when potty training, and my daughter is 25lbs and a little shrimp, and this seat fit them both WONDERFULLY.Overall, having tried MANY seats, this one was the absolute best for both our children, and I would highly reccomend it to anyone in need of a seat for potty training successOur three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his "favowit" color green).
It's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but I can wouldn't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting.
Other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves itI got this for my 11 month old because she was starting to tell us when she was wet and needed a change by pointing to her changing table or upstairs.
This no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but I really think they did a wonderful job designing it.
Its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.Good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.
Highly recommendedThis is really useful and simple to use.
Really easy to clean.
I think it's well made, a good size and has a nice simple design.
I bought this potty based on the excellent reviews here and for the most part, it delivered.1.
It's a pretty good product, it just didn't work for usI can't say enough good about this potty chair.
Can't say enough good about it.From a parent's stand point, it's the best b/c it's soooo easy to clean.
I'm not clean freak, but this is a huge benefit with anything in the bathroom.Kudos to Baby Bjorn for a simple productWhen starting potty training, this seat was the perfect size for my toddler.
works perfect for boys.
and so I showed her that she couljd stand on the floor, take off her own pants/pull-up and go...she did, and the potty is super sturdy, it's the perfect size for her tiny little hiney (she's only 23.6lbs at a little over 2yrs!
It emptied easy as pie, and was ridiculously easy to clean and sanitize...but once I did that, she grabbed it and put it back in the shipping box...she just prefers the seats on the "big girl potty".
In the end, I'm happy with my Bjorn purchase.
The simple design is easy to clean.
It has a great "wrap-around" design that is perfect for my 4-month-old who is just getting familiar with the potty.
For those working on infant potty training, I highly recommend this chair.
It's also very easy to clean.
Definitely easier than changing a diaperThis is a pretty good design and we especially like the high back, which makes it possible for babies/toddlers to sit unsupportedThis potty is very nice.
It had a huge reservoir, was a pain to dump and clean, and that foam part was always getting dirty and could never be completely cleaned.A friend had a Baby Bjorn, and seemed happy with it, so we gave it a try.
And best of all, it's SO EASY TO CLEAN.
The size of this potty is very versatile, and I think it will last her a good while longer if she needs it to.Now my second daughter is getting to the potty-training age (18 months), and we've invested in a second one in her favorite color, yellow (it's actually a lovely shade).
It's absolutely worth the extra moneyThis is the ONLY potty I've found that's perfect for boys!
We have 4 different types/brands, but he (and I) hates them all.
This one is truly THE BEST.
Super-easy to dump and clean, he likes to do it himself, and the bottom of the potty is rubber-lined so it doesn't slide around when he sits down/gets up.
It's also a really good size "bowl", some are waaay too small to neatly go potty in.
AWESOME potty and the only one I would ever reccomendI love the look and it's appears to clean easily, but we haven't used it much to give good feedback.
The design and height are perfect, and the seat is easy to remove and empty (so much better than the ones where you have to slide the potty part out to empty it).
This potty is super simple to clean which is a BIG bonus over other potties.
I usually just use a clorox wipe to clean it out.
My daughter is 19 months and 24 lbs and this seat is the perfect height for her.
I wish I would have bought this the first time instead of spending hundreds on other potties over the past decadeThis potty is perfect!
Make sure you order &#34;Potty&#34; by Leslie Patricelli- it's the best potty book we've come across and our little one loves itlove the high back and easily accessible to dump and clean.
EASY to use and clean, SIMPLE too.
It is easy to clean and appropriately sized.
I think if this was the only potty we had, he would be ok with it (though I suspect training might have taken longer, as he won't happily sit on this one for long stretches).
With the PottyPOD he just sits right down and then scoots to the best position.It does live up to most of the claims -- it doesn't move around, even when he is not sitting calmly; it is easy to clean; the high back is nice (though again, my son seems to scrunch forward when on this potty, which I think has to do with the high back); the design is essentially innocuous and not out of place in an adult bathroom (ours is in the main floor powder room, the only bathroom a guests use, so this is importantYour basic, sturdy little potty.
As lots of reviewers have mentioned, the height of this potty is great, the handholds on the side are a help, the splash guard is built in so there are no pinching problems there, and the back WOULD be nice except...There is about an inch of space between the edge of the bowl and the back of the seat, so that when my son sits on it, the bowl shifts ever so slightly and his bum gets pinched in the back.
The reviews have been so positive on the no-pinching thing that I was stunned by this.
Therefore I cannot comment whether the pee goes into the bowl, because we never get that far.As far as disinfecting, I thought it would be really easy--just pull the bowl out, dump it out, wipe, disinfect with clorox on occasion...BUT several times poop has gotten under that back edge of the bowl, necessitating a cleaning of the rest of the seat as well, which is just a pain.Finally, the bowl is way too light and often sticks to my son's legs and he stands up.I cannot say, however, if there is anything better out there--we haven't found the "perfect" potty yet, but if this is the best of the portable potties, I guess we're going to have to go with the seat insert for our toilet, because this has turned out to be virtually worthless to usIt does the job.
easy to clean and super comfortable for her.
It is very basic and sturdy.
It's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.Pros:- There's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere.
I'm guessing he was around 2.5 years old.It came with 2 pieces: a base and a cup.The base has a wide, stable bottom on it to prevent tipping and a nice back on it.
There are no sharp corners - just curves which are very easy to keep clean.
With this potty, it was a lot easier for him to empty it without spilling.Having the cup on top also means that he is sitting on the edges of the cup.
It's rounded corners and pleasing colours are easy to look atWe started potty training my daughter at 2 and a half.
We decided on the BABYBJORN potty chair because it seemed easy to clean, comfortable, and didn't have anything that would make her want to continue to use it as opposed the the real potty.We bought this when she was 2 just to get her used to it.
It is easy to clean up and easy for my son to use.
A little smaller than I would have thought, and sometimes the seat sticks, but otherwise a good chairWhen I began my research for a potty chair for my son, I had no idea how many things there were to consider!
I really didn't want anything that made noise or had lights but we ultimately decided on this chair because of the one-piece splash guard since I learned that it wasn't uncommon for little boys to hurt their tender bits on other chairs.
It is well-made and sturdy; it didn't tip when my son got on or off.
He had no problem getting himself on and off of it and he liked the 'responsibility' of dumping the contents into the big potty (I liked that it was easy for him to do that, and easy for me to clean the bowl afterwardWe just got this potty after trying the Safety 1st potty for a couple of months.
This is a little odd given its oval shaped bowl.
Just in one day he is much more eager and willing to sit on it and he giggles over quoting the video while he sits thereLove this potty.
Large bowl with lip for boys is a nice feature, no more "flippy" to fish out of the potty bowl.
It's a wonderful simple design that makes it super easy to clean.
Plus, the rubber bottom really does keep the seat from slipping across the floor.
I highly recommend it, and can't imagine using any other seatThis is a great training potty for toddlers.
It's easy to clean and I like the light color.
Very easy to clean and I like the high back because he can really sit there and relax a little while waiting to make a pottyI have a 15 month old who is &#34;interested &#34; in going to the bathroom.
She seems comfortable- it is very stable and easy to cleanI wanted a pot for boys and one that could be used for a healthy (chunky) child.
He sat on one at a friends house that had a cover over the removable cup, which is by far a better design, but the high back on this one makes a nice spot for spending extended amounts of time on it as he reads and tries to go.
All in all, I like it and would recommend it with reservationsI have found that Baby Bjorn potty products are the best on the market and doesn't break the pocket book!
It's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough.
My triplets are all different shapes and sizes.
It's just the best!
However, all kids are different in their potty training likes/dislikes, so I'm only saying it didn't work for us.
She preferred using the seats that go on top of your normal toilet seat or the type of potty chairs that had a lid to close.
She liked the idea of closing the potty lidThis potty seat is perfect.
My daughter is almost 3 so a bigger potty was necessary.
It's easy and convenient to lift out the white part and pour the pee in the potty.
Excellent productThis is a very nice potty seat.
It's a good size, seems comfortable enough for him, is simple, and is easy to dump out and clean.
I actually slightly prefer the cheaper Summer InfantWe love this potty.
It is super easy to clean up and the bright colors are great.
If you are wanting a smaller one, there little potty is great but would not recommend it if you are starting with an older child as it is rather small (my son loved it at 15/16 months and will use it now but I don't think I would buy one that small for an older childnice potty is easy to clean and looks alot like the adult potty so helps eliminate confusion.
She is a smaller child and it fits pretty good.
She likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she's done....The step is nice too.BabyBjorn Safe Step - White(I got the pink one to match her seat)It stays put and is sturdyI'm surprised this potty got such rave reviews.
My daughter loved to sit on it for a chair when we first got it and it didn't take long at all for her to start using it as a potty ..she's almost 3 now and still uses it because she says it's more "comfy" than the big potty I think the biggest plus for her is the smooth back rest and the biggest plus for me is it's so so easy to cleanThis was the 3rd potty we bought and I wish we had bought it the first time.
It is the perfect size for my 2 year old son.
They are very simple and easy to clean.
The raised back adds supportI'm really surprised at the 5 star reviews for this potty chair.
If I had back all the time I have spent cleaning pee up off the floor I would be so happy.
I do like the separate potty and it's easy to clean but I still have to clean the whole chair because it simply doesn't hold in the pee stream.
I'm retiring it as soon as I get a different potty chair.
He likes his potty chair and can sit on it comfortably, though isn't really using it much yet.
Like the chair, purchased 2 of them in different colors, good size for tall 21 month old and easy to clean.
If we do decide to take it to another room I will absolutely put something under it to protect the floorsI really like this potty chair - the high back keeps kids from falling off the back, and the raised front is great for little boys.
I also have the shorter backed version, and they are both good for different reasons.
This one feels a little sturdier, and the bucket is easy to empty.
I was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $12!!
It makes cleaning much easier.
No one enjoys cleaning out a potty, but it's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean.
This potty will grow with herThis thing is the perfect height for the boys (youngest has been sitting on it since he was 18 months, and the oldest is 4.5) to sit comfortably.
It is really easy to clean and there are no crannies for icky bits to get into.
There is a band of rubber on the base to keep it from sliding around and it does a good job, but it seems to attract all the dust and hair in the bathroom and they stick to it pretty well, so I have to use a wet rag to rub the stuff off it every couple weeks.
Overall, great product and not too priceyThis is light, safe, easy to clean and attractive.
It is also easy to cleanThis potty chair is perfect for my daughter as the back is higher up to support her lower back and it doesn't have all the music and sounds to distract her interest in truly trying to go potty.
She gets a toy or a small book and wants to go sit on it and try and has had off and on success with going at this point but I like how easy it is to clean toofit as expected,,my baby love it .This potty chair doesn't come with all the whistles and bells like other potties.
But is the best.
This potty is simple and sturdy, gets the job done, comfy (my picky daughter never complained, she likes the teddy bear logo on it), and so easy to clean.
This is a very sturdy chair with a nice no-slip rubber coating around the bottom edges, and this seems like a chair that will be super easy to clean.
)I will keep the 3 that I purchased for him, but I did purchase one wood potty that I like much better too.Just trying to keep healthy the best we can.
I guess nothing is perfectI like it but like the Smart potty by BabyBjorn better.
Other than that this one is easy to use as well, inside comes out and outside easy to clean as well.
it's just so big and my son seems to prefer the smart potty as wellThis is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that I have found.
The splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective Thomas potty seat) So I am happy to have this one as a big improvement.
He fits on it just fine and likes that he can lean backI am so pleased with this potty.
It is also very easy to keep cleaned upAfter extensive research, I finally settled on this potty chair and I am extremely pleased with my purchase.
She now loves to sit on the potty and this one appears to be very comfortable for her.In a nutshell, it is simply made, easy to clean and perfect for potty trainingI bought this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews.
Again, don't have a boy so can't speak to the splash guard issue, but really this potty is nothing out of this world for me.
It's collecting dust in my hallway closet right nowThis seat is easy to clean, sturdy and a nice color.
Nice arch too for back supportEverything I read said to keep the potty as basic as possible.You can't get more basic than this potty and the winning factor for me is that it is so easy to clean.There aren't any cracks or crevices you need to worry about.I bought it long before I knew my child was ready to use it and placed it in the bathroom as someplace she can hang out while Mommy was in the potty.
If your child was like mine, she wanted to follow you everywhere, even the bathroom.She started sitting on her potty to emulate me.After a bit, she asked to take her pants off and that's how we started potty learning.Since the basin is one wrap around tub, I just life it off to clean and put it back.
The back helped stabilize her when she was really small and now as an older toddler, it still fits her just fineI just received my BabyBjorn potty last week, and my daughter is only 15 months old, so I can't write about her being successful at potty training yet.
And about half the time she goes pee in it while she sits there.This potty is so sturdy and sanitary cause it is easy to clean.
When it comes to potties, the simplest design is definitely the best.
I like its two piece design, and how easy it is to empty.
The only downside is that the piece the comes out does sometimes stick to his behind so when he stands up there is potential for a mess, but this will be true with any two piece plastic chairs.
I really like the no slip grips on the bottom of the chair so my son can't scoot it across the floor.
It's lightweight and easy to move.
It took me almost 2 weeks of researching different potty's, reading various reviews (good and bad) and then finally deciding on this one.
I get one too whenever I use the toilet, so can't really understand why parents complained about that.This is a really good potty seat.
It has a tall back support and some armrests which is really nice.
I think it's still one of the best potty's out thereOur son loves this potty.
It was delivered quickly, it washes easily, and it is simply wonderful.
Only positive things to say about this potty.
It seems very comfortable for him, and it is easy to cleanOverall this is a nice little training potty.
Simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.
It has a nice high wrap around back to give support while sitting.
The bottom is truly non-slip and the whole potty is so stable I use it to help stand up when sitting on the floor next to itWe practice EC and have used this potty chair and the toilet for pee and poop since our baby was an infant.
A great tool for parents and kidsDelivered timely, item as described, very nice and well made just as pictured, we are very happyI love this potty, we have one upstairs and one downstairs.
My son doesn't mind using it, it is incredibly easy to wash, get oneThis is a great potty.
Not much else to say about a poo receptacle really.
It is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.
It is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors.
My only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.
Other than that, it is greatI bought this because of the excellent reviews, so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3'3" & 30 pounds.
It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said "oh mommy my legs!"
I wouldn't recommend this potty for larger childrenI wanted a chair with a removable bowl, but now that I've seen my son grab it and attempt to dump it out, part of me wishes I'd have gone for a toilet adapter style.If this is the style you want though, it's durable and sleek in appearance (for a potty chair, anyway).ETA: OK, now I'm glad that the bowl is removable as we're using it more, but you do have to watch for spills.
He prefers flushing and using the big boy toilet.We will take this in the car for emergenciesThis potty chair is awesome!
On an even better note, she has peed twice in the past two days, while sitting on her potty chair!
It would also be nice if there was a way of locking the bowl into the base so that curious children don't try to take the bowl outwe used this for a short time and eventually it just collected dust.
It fits her well and it's easy for her to get on and off it.
It doesn't slide around on the floor and she seems to be comfortable while using itThis is easy to sit the baby on and easy to clean.
I like itEasy to clean, low enough for kiddo, hole was large enough for #2, backing made for a good reading position for the kiddo while we waited for the pee pee to come outI bought it for my 10-month old son who is extremely active.
He can stand up carefully from it - no stumbles since thenWe really like this potty chair, got this in pink color and it looks very cute.
The back part is very comfortable i think, it lets ur baby lean back relax and concentrate on the important process :) also its very easy to clean, just take the white part out and wash it.
We are very happy with this productVery good material, nice and sturdy.
The design is simple enough to clean all the nooks and crannies and yet perfect for use.
Definitely deserves an award for design!
I would recommend this chairThe size is perfect for our bathroom (which has about 4x4' of walking floor space), and the shape is great.
He has yet to use it successfully, but he has been interested in it since the day it arrived!
Training techniques aside, it's a solid little training seatWe've had several potty chairs and I'd say I like this one best.
There aren't a whole lot of cracks and crevices, which makes it easy to clean.
The chair is sturdy and doesn't tip over.
It had been a good potty chair and I was happy to share my good find with my sister-in-law.
She agreed it is a good chairThis is working great for us.
Because we didn't know any better at the time, we first used a toilet seat reducer or just held her in the infant-in-arms EC position.
She still needs close supervision though, as she likes to try and stand up out of the seat.I also love that the insert is easily removable.
I had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.
The basic issue is the splash guard, which really doesn't work at all.
Easy to dump and keep clean so it's a winner in our bookWe had a purchased a couple of other types of potty chairs for our toddler and were disappointed in the size or fit.
Easy to clean, good fit, the best we foundMy son and I love this potty.
Cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner.
I only have good words to say about this potty.
I have no complaints at allI just finished potty training my oldest child and really loved this potty chair.
The splash guard is great and makes it easy to lift out while still keeping your hands clean.
She really wasn't digging the in arms position and we weren't feeling confident holding her in it.
Now she is 9 weeks and on good days we are happily catching most of her potty needs.
Just two simple pieces that are so easy to clean.
This was the best thing I could have bought for all of our potty training kids.
But actually it is perfect.
We bought all different types.
I actually researched many of these potty chairs right here on amazon and the Babybjorn had the best reviews and comments, so I managed to convince my husband that we should at least try it.
It's the best height for him and he even likes emptying the receptical into the big toilet.
Easy to clean.
Easy to clean and simple in design, HOWEVER, if your son has learned to stand up to pee, then be prepared for messes and spills over the bowl and under the bowl to clean up.
Of course, we are teaching him to aim in the bottom of the bowl, but in the meantime, we continue to clean up under the bowl because he aims toward the backside of the potty, which then leaks underneath the top piece and onto the floor.I still give it 4 stars because of the simple design, and I love that you just lift the top part and clean/empty it.
I also like this chair because the little potty bucket is smooth, without many little creases, nooks or crannies where, um, germs might get stuck -- so it's very easy to clean.
That's a relief for meThis is the best potty that I could find out there.
The size is perfect for our small bathroom, and our 19 month old sits comfortably on it.
This potty is perfect and I recommend it to anyoneIt's your durable, pink average potty chair.
Our bathroom is small, so now I have to store bothThanks to Amazon's 90 day return policy, we bought 4 different potties for our boy to try.
No, he didn't "use" them, just sat on them to test durability, comfort, and function.Durability - solid plastic.
the raised back is very nice additionFunction - The most important aspect.
He will even wait to pee when we are out so he can use his &#34;small potty&#34; at home instead of public toilets.We like it because he uses it, it is easy to clean with the white part coming right out of the chair, and the splash guard is great for the boys.
There's a smaller version of this chair without the back that we take with us when we are out or on vacation tooThis is a very nice potty chair.
It is a sleek, simple design, easy to clean, no annoying sounds or other bells/whistles.
I ended up ordering the Baby Bjorn Smart Potty, which is a very similar design without the high back/sides, and it seems to be a much better size for my needs.
However, it is easy to clean because the bowl just pulls out easilyI love this potty.
Because it only has two pieces to it, its easy to clean.
Simple to clean tooI wanted a small potty chair that would be easy for our 18 month old to sit on.
I specifically got the white with splash guard so that it was the same color as the adult toilet in all the bathrooms and also so we could see if she wentI bought two potties before I realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front.
But it's beauty is its simplicity.
I would highly recommed the potty training book "Potty training in less than a day".
it's out of print but you might find an used copy onThis is great, partly because it's low-profile and doesn't take up much space, and also (best of all) because it's SO easy to clean!
It is attractive looking.
I think it is easy to clean, just remove the inner seat, empty, and rinse.
Makes it easier to keep it conveniently located for your toddler.
Also, despite its 'lack' of bell and whistles it is easy to clean and safe.
The no skid rubber bottom is an excellent feature!
She is much more interested in my potty.3.
Now that I know all of this, I also see the benefits of a potty seat from a clean up perspective.
If she'd prefer to use the adult potty, I won't have to clean up poops by hand like I would with this one.All in all, I thought this would be preferable to her than a potty seat, and I was totally wrong.
He and we love this one way too much and its so much easier for him to use the potty on his ownThis is a really nice potty chair, I like the high back since my toddler is special needs and has trouble sitting up, this gives her a little extra support in the back.
Four starsI started out my son with elimination communication (EC aka early start potty training, of which Amazon carries great books by 3 different offers on the subject) when he was 6 wks old.
I could really kick myself now that he's 2 and many many poop diapers later!
I thought the smiley face silly at first but since it makes my son like it more it kinda makes me happy now.
Not as simple-looking as the Baby Bjorn but a much better potty in many many waysSturdy, serves the purpose, plus it is stylish in design.
I can't get my 2 year old to use it for anything else than playing with, so we've reverted to the toilet seat ring on the toilet which she will use to go pottyI have two different pottys.
It is very easy to empty and clean.
He leans forward to get a wayward car or his stuffed teddy and it does not tip forward with him2- Catches all of the day's product, nothing has escaped yet- the guard is tall enough.3- Easy to take the pot out and dump into the toilet but because he is sitting on it, no chance for him to pull it out and dump while he is sitting.4- Easy to clean (the most important?
This one is easy to clean...must be pretty comfortable because my kid will sit on it and read in the bathroom...it is the perfect height...and has a nice seat back....best part, it doesn't tip over (yet at least).
The simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
I love how sturdy their designs arebecause while i liked how it looked my son didnt want to use it.
he doesnt seem so interested in that one either.
She seems to like sitting on it and using it and it is very easy to cleanLike this chair.
The back rest really helps the baby.
I immediately bought her a potty chair that looked more like a real toilet and found that she actually was interested in potty training, she just didn't realize this chair was supposed to be a pottyMy daughter loves this potty.
It is sturdy and bright.
She can sit in it for a while, even if sometimes she doesn't do anything in it :-) I just wish it had a lid, it would make it a little easier to keep her from throwing toys into itI use cloth diapers and was anxious to at least get the BM's into the toilet instead of having to wash them.
I am fortunate to be able to stay home with my son so I am in close contact with him and can tell when he is trying to go #2.
This one is perfect.
He appears to fit great on it and it looks as it it will be easy to cleanThe seat is the perfect size for toddlers, contoured to be comfortable, and designed to be easy to clean.
When your baby is done, just lift the white bowl and clean.
The back is great, he can sit on quite comfortably, so long as I entertain him!He has used successfully, and it's really easy to empty.
I just add some water if needed and flush it, the seat just lifts out.There is an imprint on his bum after he gets up, but he doesn't seem to mind.Here's a tip: since he still pretty short and his feel don't reach the floor, I use something to put his feet on for leverage, and it really helps.
They are soft, so they don't scratch my babies face when I clean his mouth.
I have three packs, and I really needed them all when my baby was a newborn.
I keep a tall stack on my coffee table, and I'm always ready for errant bodily fluids.I also occasionally use these to wipe up all manner of spills.
They're extremely effective at drying dishes and wiping down counter tops.
They don't take up much room in the laundry, so you might as well use them liberally and keep the rest of your life clean and dryI just received these as a gift and will be returning them.
Plus, the fabric is really scratchy.
I bought them as "temporary burp cloths" while deciding on some others.
One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I don't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to "catch" my little boys' geyser, as my husband refers to it, during diaper changes.
They were amazingly awesome back in the day, so I'm wondering what on earth happened.These are very thin .
You can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these.
When my baby was really little, I used them on the changing pad to keep from having to change the changing pad cover constantly.
These are much easier to change and wash than those covers.
These are also the best burp cloths.
Maybe if I had 20 or 30 year old diapers to compare these to, I'd give them a much lower rating.
I really cannot over-talk how wonderfully soft they are.
These really won't.
Even if most of your stash is all-in-one diapers, you would do well to buy a couple dozen of these for the first couple of months, especially if you tend to have smallish babies (one-size diapers don't usually fit below 8lbs).
They work perfectly for small babies--yes, they even contain breastfed poop!--and once your babe has outgrown their intended use, they are FANTASTIC for stuffing pockets, lining gDiapers (this is my usual use for them these days), and using as doublers for fitted diapers or overnight diapersThese looked huge when I took them out of the package!
They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached.
I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that!
otherwise you are better off with avent or gerber new traditionsI did not buy this, but I have the Medela Pump In Style.
Each bottle is the perfect amount for 1-2 feedings for my 6-week old baby.
Instead we pour the milk into a Playtex drop-ins system bottle with the big slow-flow nippleThis is really handy with the mini electric pump that I have.
It was highly recommended by the hospital, so I bought TWO sets of these bottles before my baby was born.
I use Dr. Brown's - since those are pricey, when I use up all of those, I just use the Evenflo to store extra milk and pour it into the Dr. Brown's bottlesThese bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.
I bought the Medela system when I was pregnant b/c I wanted what was best for my baby...and I was led to believe that Medela nipples would be most like the breast.
They are very resistant, easy to clean, and the rings and caps are very useful.I only put 4 stars because the nipples are useless if your baby is already using another brand, and I would have prefered another bottle and accessories insteadI ordered this product thinking it would be great if I could pump directly into the bottles we'd be feeding our baby with, eliminates a step right?
I like the evenflow glass bottles better, she wastes very little milk with thoseThese bottles are great but are very pricey.
the 5oz capacity is much better than the tiny 2oz ones.
my wife was very happy when they came.
But these bottles work wonderfully with formula!My daughter retains much less air with the Medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well.
I went online and got other medela nipples, those she likesI use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump, and I really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly.
I don't freeze my milk in these (I use Gerber bags), but they're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles.
It is much easier to buy storage bags.
It is wide for the portable changing pad, but still works goodFirst, these really do protect bedding against leaks and spills.
This protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs.
the first time i used it i seriously used the expression "let's see how good these really are"...only to be terribly disappointed: upon turning him over (yes he did let out a dose)i found i had really let my child lay in a puddle!!
this o so absorbent pad really did nothing but allow for a greater area of redistribution.
I ended using it in my diaper bag since the changing places in public restrooms don't always appear clean.
It fits so much better in my diaper bag than a bulky changing pad and my daughter likes better since not cold.
Will use for next bundle of joyThis pad is great to place under your sheets in parent's bed where mom sleeps and nurses.
Just the right size to shield mattress from excess breastmilkI have 2 packs in different sizes.
It's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp.
It does it's job at keeping the bed clean from wetness which is all I needI recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad.
I use John Lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
We have them in different sizes for the Crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.
I highly recommend to every parentThis pad fits my Arm's Reach Co-sleeper great.
I use the smaller ones when traveling to lay down to change my child in public areas (those koala tables) They are durable and easy to clean.
They worked wonderfully.
They come clean easily and I don't mind that the cotton pills up.
Because this is much larger, and absorbant, I just throw it out on the seat of the car, or on the public restroom changing table, or on the floor, or wherever I need to change him, and it covers a nice large area--I don't have to worry about him touching any dirty surfaces.
They are super absorbent, very easy to clean and a perfect size for many different things.
I would recommend buying a pack even if you don't think you'll need them because I guarantee they will be put to good useThese pads are soft and absorbent - just the right size to put on a cradle.
The smaller size is perfect for laying on top of a changing table.
Good value and worth having a couple of different sizes on handThese pads are very absorbent and certainly serve the purpose, but they don't look very good after you wash them.
For the price I suppose you can't expect much, but the Carter's lap pads wash much better.
Worth every pennyThis pad is perfect for our playard.
Great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the priceThese pads are wonderful!!
They are great and have held up wonderfully wash after wash.
Very affordable and very versatileWe've tried a lot of different sipper cups, but these are our absolute favorites!
The valves are easy to remove and to clean, unlike other brands that grow mold inside a valve you can't really clean out.
My 3 year old was thrilled and the 1 year old doesn't really care at the moment.
I remembered my daughter liking these and looked around but couldn't find them.
They are easy to clean, don't leak and he happily drinks out of them.
I highly recommend these cupsI'm a huge fan of Playtex sippies.
I like the insulated ones better but for the price these were worth itThese have been around for a long time, and it's because they're the best.
We have several different kinds of sippy cups, but these are the most dependable and the easiest.
I'm hoping to use these once she's a little older since they really don't leak at all.
He is getting better now after a few months of having them.
It's super easy to clean with it's THREE parts.
The cup is easy to clean (its only 3 pieces as opposed to the 5 or 6(w/handles) pieces for the avent cup), assemble and use.
I have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best.
Wish you can pick out your own but these will do for nowI have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away.
these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid.
The underside of the lid has crevasses around the mouth bit that are deep and narrow and almost impossible to get really clean.
I will be buying a kleen kanteen sippy--no leaks, stainless steel and easy to cleanMy son needed more replacement valves as his seemed to all dissapear down the garbage disposer.
They are easy to use and easy to wash. My toddler loves them.
They seem sturdy even after I have been washing them in the dishwasher since day one.
If you use a Medela pump, you can get an adapter and pump straight into these containers, eliminating a step in the breastmilk collection chain.I also find that the small sizes are convenient, especially if you normally pump four ounces or less out of one or both breasts.I didn't give this product five stars, though, because, really, these are just four more Avent bottles with a sealing disc.
Very convenient and versatile (use as bottles, sippy cups, storing breastmilk, babyfood), easy to clean.
I use a Medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful (and they are acrylic, so reheating is much easier).
and so I am forced to either use two containers or sacrifice my milk (which is too precious!).
They make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.
I love all the avent products because of how easy everything is to useI love this containers.
First of all, I am a big fan of the Isis Breast Pump, so these containers are perfect for me.
I love the heavy Advent bottles and the caps have a rubber ring in them to really seal the bottleI use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out.
They don't leak and are nice and sturdy.
I love Avent products and these are wonderful.They attach to the bottom of the Avent VIA Isis pump directly which was nice.
Way to stand behind your products, dudes!Then when I called the retalier (Right Start) just now, they said that it's not their responsibility to handle a replacement, it's the manufacturer's-- BUT at least this customer service person was polite and said she's ask her boss and look into it more, just to see if there is anything they can do.I'm really surprised that Kel-Gar cares so little about their image with the public and about providing pleasant and helpful service to their customers, especially repeat customers such as myself.
?However, since that is their attitude, you're better off buying an inflatable tub from a real-life (non-virtual) retailer with a decent 90-day return policy, such as Babies-R-Us or Target, so that if a leak develops you can physically take it back and get a replacement.
My 6 month old doesn't slide around in this and it's easy for me to rest my arm on the tub while washing her.
Easy to fill up and easy to clean up.
Yes, it is more strenuous for my back but it's good fun and exercise for my baby.
O, by the way, I haven't reinflated it once since I bought it (about 2 months ago or so)- yes, some of the air escaped, as with all inflatables, but it's still sturdy enough.
I can fill the tub up for him to play and splash and allow it to drain out when its time to wash. Great, so my son don't soak in dirty water which he does pee inThis inflatable tub was perfect!
A good size, no frills, and a suction cup that worked well for mounting it to the shower wall when we were finished using it.
We'd super glue one, only to find another a few weeks later.
So far so good.
She is now able to sit on her own and she really enjoys splashing around in this.
This is a good productThis is perfect for my 15 month baby whose 32 inches long, 26 lbs., it's well made and not slippery at all, easy to clean and the suction cup hold the tub really well.
If you had a tub hose or something it would be easier.
The suction cup on the back is awesome for hanging it up out of the way in the shower when we're done with it.
Working perfectly so farI was hoping this would be a good transition tub for my 6 month old who is growing out of the tub that fits in the sink.If you are in the same situation, I caution you with this purchase -1) It reeks like plastic and has for weeks.2) it is dangerously slippery.
The size is good and it does the jobWe really liked the size of this tub.
Now he has room to splash his hands against the water, play with his bath toys and explore the duckie-print.The tub is easy to blow up, easy to hang and I've had no problems with it being slippery.Honestly - with a couple gallons of water and a 23 lb baby inside, how much can this thing moveI purchased this tub in June 2011 and in January 2012 the seams started to fail.
However, the six months that it latest was great...this is a perfect tub for an infant who has learned to sit up by themselves.
I really think it is a good transition to the tub.
The vinyl is a nice quality, and I ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.
It's a great tub if you get one that holds airWhen my daughter outgrew her infant tub, we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath.
This snug tub has worked wonderfully.
I highly recommend this tub, especially if you have toddler who won't sit through bathswas looking for a solution for my infant when he outgrew the baby tub (he was too long for it and his feet were hanging out).
This tub is the perfect solution.
I started using it around 4 months when he could lean against it, and now that he can sit and move around more it still is the perfect bath solution.
The bottom part under the baby's butt blows up separately than the sides, which is nice because my 6 month old was unstable sitting on the blown up bottom at first.
I think that's more an issue with my very active daughter than the tub thoughPre-cursory note: we are fortunate to have a very happy baby and I mean happy- always smiling, giggling - ust happy!
She is in the regular "big girl" tub now and is perfectly happy.
She was sliding around (and I could see an accident waiting to happen) so I bought these cute little "mini" whale suction cup/ non slip mats on Amazon and they work extremely well.
Crisis averted, everyone is happy.
Now that he sits up on his own, it's a lot easier to bathe him.
I like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because I can wash him more thoroughly, all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat.
I purchased this, and have used it for a few months - it's perfect!
We have been VERY happy with thisI researched a lot of tubs before buying this one, and I am happy with my decision.
It is pretty good with being nonslip.
I like the Safety 1st Kirby Inflatable Tub better than this one because it is deeper and the bottom plug is cushioned better the SnugTub's.
A vinyl tub that is 9 or 10 inches high and 30 inches long would be perfect and sell well.
This pillow is easy to change sides with.
I find that this pillow has really helped me transition from being a belly sleeper to a side sleeperI bought this wedge as my stomach started getting bigger to find some comfort sleeping at night.
It was a waste of money, and a rolled up blanket or pillow does the job way better, and they are way more comfortableToo small.
However this worked good for just head elevation (with another pillow on topOMG this was the best thing I ever bought while pregnant, i used it for holding up my stomach while sleeping on my side it was invaluable.
It was the best money ever spent!
A lot more sturdy than I thought.
So, these were perfect!!
But, I think there are better products out there.
I'll say it again because these are the only two words worthy of writing about this product:Terrible and pointlessbought this for the last 4 months of pregnancy and it really helped comfort levels during nap and night sleeps.
does tend to squish into a set position but i liked that.
Really nice for the priceI got this pillow and when it arrived I was disappointed.
It makes an outstanding ramp to launch hot wheel cars!
And when I'm done using it for that, it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow.
It's better than nothing, I supposeI'm 28 weeks pregnant, and have been having trouble sleeping with the extra tummy weight so I thought this would help.
However, this didn't really help me sleep better at all, if anything it made it worse.
Now I can't sleep without itA decent pillow, wife is expecting and is in her 6th month, and this was perfect gift to her for a good night sleepI bought it in my 21 week.
It is a good value.
I don't use it in their car seats because the smaller part of the head rest only fit their heads for a few weeks and the bigger part is to big for them nowThis headrest is perfect.
Now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she's still happy.
At 4 months she has wonderful head control, but I wouldn't put her in her carseat without this.
Our baby wasn't interested at all in sucking on anything in it.
Also, it's a total pain to clean it.
The netting never gets clean in the dishwasher.Save your money on this oneAt first I really liked this.
But, when I tried to clean it I realized that it was a bit more work than I expected.
This is a brilliant idea.
I can't say enough good things about itMy baby loved this, even though he won't use a single of the many teethers we've tried.
I admit the older style bags were hard to clean (Oxy clean and an overnight soak in hot water in a cup before a top-rack dishwasher run did get it clean, but was messy and took extra time).Now, new easy-clean/disposable bags are here!
The best way I figured out on cleaning this product is to just clean it with hot water and dish detergent and clean out the inside really good with the same type of brush that you use to clean out the bottles.
Even the bananas come out and who cares if its a little stained as long as you know that its clean.
It's durable and EASY to clean, and replacment "bags" are found pretty much any child storeThis is THE BEST little baby gadget yet.
She is teething also so I thought it would definitely go in her mouth often, but she enjoyed throwing it around insteadI didn't find it too dificult to clean as others commented.
It's good for babies over 6 months but one must understand that the baby might throw it away (sometimes very far away) and then all the food is gone.
The baby feeder was the perfect answer.You can cut up just about anything and place it in the feeder bag.
He is sensitive to food textures, so he didn't take to the bag at allThis was absolutely fabulous for my family.
I never had to worry about her choking and it was so easy to clean.I truely reccomend this product for worry free feedingWouldn't it be nice if the fears of solid feeding could be alleviated?
Wouldn't it be nice if there were something better than those refrigeratable rings to sooth sore, teething gums?
I had heard good things about this product but this is something you HAVE to experience for yourself.I found it so nice to be able to offer my daughter bananas, grapes, potatoes, and so much more without having to worry about her taking in to big of a piece and choking.
Overall , it's pretty good.
All you really need is one set.
It is easy to clean and she likes it overall.
It is easy to clean and is one less thing to worry about.
Of course supervision is still required but makes you feel safer knowing the baby is eating healthy food and staying safe from chokingIt was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams.
In comparison to the Munchkin Feeder I bought, this is nice in that the handle screw off but the Munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to cleanI think this is a great idea.
At that time she was having trouble mastering how to hold the handle and soon after that she was able to pick up foods on her own and was pretty good at chewing.
Using twisties to seal the bags is cumbersome and annoying.I prefer the Lansinoh bags with the double seal.
Well this is the only good feature.
The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer!
I had problems pouring out the milk though, it leaked everywhere!The good thing is that you do not have to double bag to freeze, like I have to with the Avent ones.Overall I won't buy the Medela ones because I think they are too expensive for what they stand for.
I use either Gerber - very good but also a little more expensive, or the Avent ones(that I have to double bag to freeze!!!)
but cost less money - and even with double bagging are worth it(it comes with 100 per package and cost less than 5 dollarsI think that I've tried every bag that I have found and have been disappointed with all of them.
I love Medela's pumps (I own the Pump in Style Advanced, a seperate manual pump, and used the Lactina hospital pump for 3 months), I like their storage bottles, I even like their nipple cream, but these bags need some more work put into themI really liked the Medela products at first, but I never really liked these bags, mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them.
Then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked, causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean.
I prefer to use the other brands that offer ziplock type closure.
i heard gerber is a much better brand but i got hundreds of these and just used them instead of bothering to go out and buy something different.
if i had it to do over again, i would not buy this productI had some of these that came with my Medela pump and like some other reviewers I thought they would be a good deal since I've really liked my Medela pump.
I really didn't like using them with the twist ties.
I tried the First Years that have a zip-loc top and they've worked better.
They sit on their own and don't need to be set in a cup!I do prefer using bottles to store milk and have found the Mother's Milk Mate storage bottles to be a great cheap alternative for storage bottlesIf I had to freeze breastmilk, this was great because I didn't have to put a lot of plastic containers in the freezer (we could use them to feed the baby instead).
They were easy to dispose of if they outdated (there is a place to label them with the date).
Your better off untwisting the tie and pouring it from there.
The only advantage I can see to these bags is that they are easy to hook to the medella breast pump and pump into directlyI found these bags to be okay but why spend time fooling around with twist ties when they make storage bags with those simple ziplocks?
Yes you can pump directly into the bag but then you have to fool with wrapping the bag around the twist tie and the whole system is just pretty inconvenient in my opinion.I found the Lansinoh brand storage bags to be much better.
They don't lie down flat, so you can't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer.
All in all, I'm really disappointed in these bags, and the only positive side to them is I haven't had any burst in the freezer...yetAfter using both these bags and the Gerber bags, I prefer the zipper-style closure of the Gerber bags.
They are sturdy and hold up well when being reheated.
My center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base.
It is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.
You must have this if you are trying to secure a seat in a position with a shoulder harnessI have a Britax Chaperone infant carseat and the base has an excellent lock off feature built in.
I highly recommend this productSomething like this is a great idea, but when I called to ask the fire dept.
A couple of clicks on the Mighty-Tite was all I needed to fix that!This device is excellent, and I can't possibly imagine anyone breaking it like some reported here, the device weighs a lot (a good thing) and feels extremely sturdyI bought this product because I was so afraid of the seat belt not being tight enough for the infant seat base.
when he was a newborn/1month old...these sheets kept our play yard very clean!!
we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy offWhile it looks like it would be a great color, it's poorly made (thread count must be super low) and when it comes out of the drier, it has "balls" collected over it which also makes the sheet not-so-soft.
At nine dollars I thought it would be betterI bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.It is NOT waterproof- but what SHEET is?!
The sheet will hold the pad in place and fit perfectly over top both the pad and mattress.This sheet is durable and launders easily.I was so pleased with this product, I would purchase it again!
Not as easily as you might hope, and these sheets are just the thing to make it easier.
Way to go, Graco - you've done it againI really like this sheet.
It matches the colors of my pack 'n' play really well.
I have a kolcraft and it fits perfect.
The price could have been a bit better but the color is nicer and doesn't show stains as much as some lighter colored sheets do.
Can't they make the cheap one and a higher end sheet for those who don't mind spending money for better quality?
Would be better to choose a lighter color that could go into the same load as the rest of the baby's laundryI had two of these sheets for my first child because that's all I could find at the time.
They are elasticized though, which is easier to put on and stays on better.
Price $7.99Koala portable crib sheet: Listed thread count of 220 and it felt like a very decent quality.
Elasticized, available in a variety of colors (pink, white, blue, green, etc) and one of the cheaper ones out there at $6.99Overall, I was VERY pleased with the options out there.
Both the Carters and Koala sheets are cheaper and are better quality.The Pack 'n Play fitted sheets will only be used as under sheets from now onWe have the Saratoga P&amp;P and I've been very disappointed with the sheet we bought.
I have the Graco Cubby Parade Pack N Play and figured the sheets would be good since they're manufactured by the same company.
They do the job, but aren't as good as they could be.
They are small and don't take up much space to store when waiting to be used.I have four of these in three different colors.
It's only necessary to have two.
To add comfort I have a waterproof pad under it which I think is a must in playards anyways because it is not easy to clean the matress pad they come with.I have had no problems with bleeding, and I wash it very often and it has held up fineWe have the Travelin Tot Safari Playard and even though this sheet is made for Graco Pack n Plays, it's perfect for my son's playard also.
These are nice that they are reusable but to thick for my tasteThey absorb well.
I peeled it off the iron, and there, in a perfect circle, were little melted remnant marks from the thread.
I really wanted to use these because they are cotton.
One of my girlfriends said she had tried them and they were very noticeable under her shirt because of the wrinkling, thus, my plan was to iron them smooth after each wash.If you don't mind wrinkles, or are planning on using a padded nursing bra, then I suppose these would work for you...
But if you are like me, and prefer no padding in your bra, then I would give these a passI've tried four different products.
I hope my research helps you make the best choice for your needs.So far, each brand's strengths were as follows:>Kushies (3star)absorbed moisture immediately so they were the best inner doublers,>La Leche League (3star)appearance was best for use in B/C nursing bras,>Medela (2star) was easy to find in stores and absorption improved with time,>NuAngel (4star)was very affordable.
Read further if moderate to heavy let-downs are common.All products were machine washable, free samples, and pre-washed in hot or warm water and cold rinse at least once before use unless otherwise noted.
100% cotton, 4 layers, med contour and dart/seam, 6 pads/pk, ~5" diameter, Made in Canada.LA LECHE LEAGUE:Single layer/light 4 starInner doubler 1 starOuter doubler 4 starheavy night solo 2 starRate of absorption 2 star: (3ml in 13-40 sec, variable)3ml within ~5 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - shirt visibly wet in 5 minutes (3ml)Appearance 5 star (Especially good for C/+ size in my experience)Best appearance for 36C wearing tank top/tight clothes.
smaller you are, better it probably looks)NuAngel had the best price per unit.
Probably best to use white alone or as inner doubler depending on anticipated flow, and natural tone as outer or alone if only slowly dripping.
Equivalent to about two & a half washable pads stacked to catch the flow.
Hopefully a washable pad out there can improve on these statistics.
I'm still hopeful that the other 2/3 of these brands can provide a more efficient answer.
The yellow cream stains, so I didn't want to mess up my good pads.
After I no longer needed cream, I moved on to the washable ones.
I'm able to always have some on handUltimately, nothing works better than the disposables, but these are the best reuseables I've purchased.
I have tried every washable brand and these are the bestSo I like that these are washable and not disposable.
Because of their small diameter, they are extremely obvious under clothing.
They tend to get wrinkles in them and you can see them through a shirt, an under shirt, and a bra all at once.
I found the smooth, cool lycra of my bras was better.
They're easy to wash and dry, I just throw them in with my regular clothes.
They're great if you plan on being a slovenly hermit at home, but I wouldn't want to wear them in publicI didn't want to be wasteful with all of those disposables, but even with my thickest bra these were visible, and in order to have enough around to always have a clean set available it just seemed silly (I mean, new mom nursing a baby isn't doing laundry very often... unless you're doing cloth diapers I guess, in which case maybe this makes a ton of senseThey're fine if you want to change them out every hour.
I'm a working mom and I over-produce and leak more than other women.
I much prefer Nuk reusable nursing padsI have tried 4 other brands and these are the worst.
My back and feet felt SO much better after using this stool.
Highly recommend and I will definantly be using this for our other babies to come!Thanks Medela for once again, making an outstanding product...also...If anyone is having problems with there child- reguardless of age-- lactching on or nipple soreness or whatever......I recommend the medela nipple shield, I used it for latch on problems and immediately my son nurses just fine, its for temporary use but I have been using it non stop sense my son was born..keeps me from being sore!
An added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together (5-10 minutes tops) and comes with it's own allen wrench toolThe Medela Nursing stool has been a lifesaver.
I was lucky to get this item on clearance at another baby retail store for $9.90.
It is the perfect height for me to nurse my baby comfortably.
But it was so necessary for trying to get a good latch with a newborn.
If you're planning to breastfeeding or having trouble with latching, this is a mustCan't say enough good things about this stool.
I used one at my lactation consultant's office and found it really helpful.
It's well made and easy to assemble.
Maybe if you have longer legs you don't need a stool, but I would recommend it to any new mom planning to breast feed.
So if I put any weight on the stool at all, it slides away from me in seconds.This is a nice product, and well made.
Even my mother-in-law stated, "wow, this really works" as she was rocking her granddaughter to sleep.
a bit of a pain when you are vacuuming, one more thing to move, but, otherwise, a great ideaThis is a wonderful, wonderful product.
It is sturdy and easy to assemble.
If you are a breastfeeding mom, you need this stoolI didn't have it when I started, but I really appreciated it once I got it.
I am usually bare foot and they irritate my apparently sensative feet.
The natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).
I imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as wellLearned of this wonderful invention from a prenatal class.
It is wonderful for just propping your feet up while reading, watching TV, doing needlework, and much more.
It is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couchThe hospital that I gave birth in had this stool in all of its rooms.
Believe me, there is no comparison between rocking/nursing/holding a baby with this stool, or just resting your feet on the floor.Definitely in my "top ten" list of must-haves for breastfeedingI really like this stool.
It's sturdy and well-build.
The stool was easy to assemble and nice solid wood.
The hospital had this exact nursing stool too and you could tell it was really worn in and old, but still held up perfectly.
The nice thing is when you are done nursing the stool is still practical to use as a foot rest for chairs around the house- including a nice under the desk foot rest while you are on the computerI registered for this stool when pregnant, thinking it would be a nice position-helper while breast feeding, and it is, with one drawback: it tips easily if you put any weight on the edges (top edge or either side).
So far, our nice crib is saved, hopefully for baby #2These are great if you have an infant who learned to stand up in their crib and decided it was time to sharpen their new teeth on the rails (which I think almost every infant is!).
The company should change their length in order to be able to provide complete coverage at elast for standard crib sizesI liked this product because it's a good rubbery material to chew on, but it only fit on the sides of our crib as the front bar is much wider.
I had actually gotten these & put them on when my daughter was in the crib, but after being on a few months, they almost looked kind of liquidy underneath and when I went to remove them, they removed some of the wood varnish as well, so I left them on to look better.
I plan to use one of those wood color markers to cover the teeth marks if it really bothers meMy 13 month old immediately pulled off the covers and started playing with them.
They pull off very easily even though they were a perfect fit on the railI like the idea but in reality didn't work for us.
I'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a DIY project when it comes to ties and cribsSkip alllllllll the other gummy crib rail protectors and just get these.
They are perfect.
They fit our crib perfectly, our girls don't even really notice they are there and they stay on great.
Very pleased with theseIf you have an Oeuf Sparrow Crib, these rail protectors are too small.
My cribs are cheap anyway, but still, I take good care of my stuff.
When it arrived I was pleased to find that it was big enough.
I haven't found anything better thoughWorks as intended at a good price.
With this device it is only practical to have cords that are infrequently changedOther users have lamented over the size of this product, but it really needs to be large in order to fit the power strip and all the plugs.
If a little one were really persistent, he/she could probably dig fingers through the opening, so I plug up the openings I don't have anything plugged into with the caps they include.
It isn't easy to unlatch, if you latch it well.
I would expect a better quality product from something marketed as a "safety" item.
our daughter figured out the on/off button on our power strip, so i ordered this the very next day and it's wonderful!!
It does come w a couple outlet plugs for the extra slots in your power strip, I was just hoping this would work a wee bit better.
If all you really need is to prevent your child from unplugging things from your power strip, than this will work for youThis does what it needs to do.
The bottom portion opens easier than the top, alsoEasily contains our power strip and multitude of plugs behind the TV.
Not the most attractive solution, but it worksI really like how this product hid the plugs and kept my son from unplugging/plugging the electronics.
A child can easily unplug anything inside the cover and get their fingers inside, which completely defeats it's purposethis is the best/cheapest for keeping little hands away from extension cords and looks better in person - it's white not beigeWe are fortunate in the design of our computer desk.
Still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home.
Would be better if they had the wires group together out the side.
We have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house, and this fits over all of them.
I found it relatively easy to open and close.
I had difficulty opening the part where the outlets go but that's a good thing cause I wouldn't want my little guy to be able to get to them easily!
There are no holes for wall mounting, but four outlet covers, two plastic cable ties, and ten cord identifier stickers are provided.To open the 4" cover at the power strip cord end, you pull up on a single tab; this seems rather easy for a child to disengage, which means that he/she might have access to the outlet nearest the power strip cord end.
It does organize the wires better, so although he could still play with them, he's less interested, and I have time to pick him up and put him somewhere else without there being a hazard.
It allows many different shape plugs, but sometimes companies make strange shapes so those don't fit, which is annoying, and there is probably no product on the market to allow for those odd shapes.
At the moment I'm happy with this product and after a month trial, I bought another two for elsewhere in the houseI think this is a great outlet strip cover.
While this does the trick there are better products out there.
My mom couldn't plug in the box for her clicker lamp and I can't plug in my cell phone charger, or any other bulky plug.
If it accommodated those types of plugs, I'd give it 5 stars.
Maybe because the carpeting in our apartment stabalizes it, but it's perfect.
I like how it's covered in smooth vinyl so we can clean it very easily.
Yes, the middle shelf has a little sag in it (very little) but other than that it's perfect!!!
I am so suprised by how sturdy this is!!!
I would highly recommended this table and it's so affordable tooI bought this changing table at a used baby store because I recieved the crib as a hand me down.
It's very sturdy and durable for the price.
The shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy.
The pad that came with it is very thin and cheap so I purchased a better one.
i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time.
this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the Jenny Lind crib.
The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont noticeFor my fourth baby I bought all new nursery furniture.
Since she is my last I didnt want to spend a ton but I did want good stuff.
It has tons of storage, was easy to put together and is solid.
Table was very easy to put together and is extremly sturdy.
Having two children I couldn't possibly see the point in spending $150 or more for a changing table that you can really only use for the first year depending on the size of your child.
)-One thing to consider: Colors online are very different than in person...I found that the pictures online show darker, richer colors.
The Wendy Bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.
You don't strictly speaking need a cover, it's easier if you don't use one.
However, our son isn't extremely squirmy so we don't use the straps anyways.
It is easier cleanup using the drop-ins and thus worth the slight extra cost for usVery convenient.
I can buy them cheaper somewhere else but still good product it seems likeThese are great.
I use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good.
They are awesome.
Playtex Drop-ins is the only one I use.The liners are expendable.
They're easy and effectiveThese are so easy.
These Drop-Ins work really well for the bottles.
The real savings is the manpower and time necessary for cleaning.
I only have 4 bottles per baby, replace the liner and nipple when necessary, and wash everything once a day.
It's convenient and it minimizes the need for a lot of bottles and best part is they're disposables.
I liked all three but Playtex drop ins are so easy!
I highly recommend.
So much easier to clean than other bottle systems.
We are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner, and it is still easy to remove the air.With the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner.
Makes for easy packing and cleaningI have no idea why I spent so much money on Avent (leaks all the time and too fast flow) and Dr. Brown's (difficult to clean).
I love this disposable liners because I just discard them after use, which is awesome when you have a baby to take care ofLove them.
They are handy, easy to use and I love that you use them and then toss them right in the trash.
They work great, they don't leak, and they make my life so much easier.
They are easy and convenient!
So easy to use!
Much easier than traditional bottles.
Also, they do seem to cut down on the gasI've tried other brands of drop-ins and Playtex is the best.
They made my life a lot easier by cutting down on the washing of bottles.
No taking apart the bottle and washing several parts.... Just quick and easy.
Perfect kidWe chose to use the Playtex Nurser Drop-Ins system because of convenience and sanitation.
They're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes.
I've used the 4 oz Up and Up Target brand liners as well, but when these are on sale at Babies R Us they are usually cheaper than buying the generic from TargetI love the drop in system bc although you have to buy liners, it's easy, sanitary and really helps reduce air intake.
The playtex bottles are easy since there's no real cleaning everyday - the liners just pop in and out!
I have been lucky to always receive liners that are intact and work just like they are suppose to.
Easy clean up, great price.
These work well for childcare providers to transfer warmed milk into.Great price and easy to use.
I tried it again with a different measuring cup and received the same result.
It's nice to not have to clean the inside of the bottles every night.
I will use the Playtex Dropin system again with my next childI love the playtex drop in system - it might cost a little more but it's worth it for the ease of bottle prep and knowing that bottles are clean and sanitary every time!
Worth the price; and that price is better than the price in the storeuse with playtex storage system.
It is the best way to pump in place for use later.
o cleaning bottlesVery easy to use, combined with almost nothing to clean.
The small cost of reusable liners is far overshadowed by their convenienceWe used Playtex drop-ins for both of our children.
I prefer buying them from Amazon, because they are must cheaper than the store.
I would highly recommend these to othersPlaytex drop in suystem is what any decent lactation consultant will recommend.
kids don't get used to gulping down, and you have the best chance of continuing breast feeding.
the liners are easy to use.
I like that they collapse more easily than the generic, which seem more &#34;molded.&#34It is very easy to just drop in a sterilized liner and clean the nipple.
Very quick and easy to get a feed in.
you can squeeze all the air out of these liners.take a look at the images to see step by step how i connect this to my pump kit and using the adapter rings and caps store, and feed without the need for the nurser bottle to mimic as close to mommy breastfeeding as possible.
I've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, I'll only waste a little bit.
I'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.
They are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles.
I usually rotate with 4 nipples so I always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.The bags don't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk.
Just pop liner in the bottle, add water and powdered formula, shake and you are good to goDrop in liners do make bottle cleaning so much less time consuming then before.
I tend to go back and forth between these and the store brands.
However, when I bought them on Amazon this time they were at a descent price plus a $1 off coupon which made the purchase worth itI have been using these for 5 months, since my daughter was born and they are perfect.
I think the only thing that could come close to being as good is glass bottlesThese make bottle cleaning and heating near effortless.
My precious baby isn't nearly as gassy either.
But she's pretty easy to feed.
I am pleased with the price of these, they are more expensive in storesThe Playtex dropins are a quick and easy way for bottles.
The 100 count box is a good value as wellThese are great liners.
I have less to clean up with these, which allow me more time to spend with my babyLove these bottles, but baby seems to drink faster with these nipples.
I didn't realize it would save us money alsoSo far I really like.
No biggy, but just odd.
I love not having to wash the bottom part of my bottlesThese liners are much better then the bags: it is easy to use, and save lots of time on cleaning bottlesThe yin and yang of disposable liners is having to keep buying more.
I like that the Playtex liners are thinner feeling, meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking...but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic, they work as well.
The only thing that helps is that I pour it in from a lansinoh storage bag and that gives me a better idea of how much I am putting in.With regards to leaks and the liner lip pulling free and falling out, I only experienced that with the 4oz liners but that was because I was overfilling them.
They are wonderful!
Makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it.
Made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized.
The whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle, and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles.
We measure in a different container and pour into the liner.
The best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.
Our other bottles are the good old fashioned Evenflo glass bottles.
Liners are nice because all I have to wash are the bottle nipplesThese things work really well for storing milk.
I just wish that they were a little more solid around the top edges.
Such a time saver for clean up and disinfecting.
I love that it's always ready to go and that I don't have to clean a bottle and a brush and make sure that everything is clean inside.
For us we now use the babies R Us brand, they are much bigger and has a plastic feel to it, which is much more durableThis was the best purchase!!
These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover.
They are thin, but I like that as they are disposable, and I feel better about less waste.
I find it easy to use.
The bottle warmer, is maybe too good of a warmer, as it tends to overheat the milk even before the recommended time limit.
The timings really should be preciseI couldn't breasfeed my daughter so she have been a formula fed since she was born...
!...The solution: If you buy concentrate formula, just warm here the concentrate formula and after it's hot you could add the water...In this way is going to have the perfect temperature for your baby to eat...But if you use powder or ready to use you have to count the minutes and take out the bottle before it's doneThis warmer costs more than it's worth.
There has to be something better out thereFirst, we read the directions and we follwed them.
I exclusively feed my baby breastmilk, and that stuff is like "liquid gold" (from what everyone has told me, and I'm inclined to agree), and I can't even tell you how often I have put a bottle in the warmer to warm it and then forgot it was in there for like 15 minutes.
I have to set the timer on my microwave now whenever I put a bottle in because half of my brain cells disappeared when my baby was born apparently, and I'm way too distracted to remember it's on.
It would really be helpful if there was a timer or auto shut-off because the water can become scalding.
What we learned from his nurses is that microwaves can 'zap' a lot of goodness out of your formula (the hosptial used a microwave as well until they were told this).
What we like about it is that it is easy to re-warm our bottles during a feed when the need arises and keeps all the goodness in the formula.
The fact that the light goes on and off as it's keeping the water at a constant temperature is also a bit of a pain as at 2am in a dimly lit kitchen you can just assume you already turned off the plug when you haven't if the light is out.Despite these negatives things, they far outweigh the advantages for us of keeping our son's formula nice and warm.
It's easy to use, easy to keep clean and has worked pefectly from the day we bought it.We love itIt's nice that it's small and doesn't use a lot counterspace.
You really have to play around with it to know what temperature setting suits you best.
Once we coughed up the money for this warmer I was a much happier, half-asleep mom.
Since the heating elements are on the bottom of the product, I would suggest swirling the bottle and testing the temperature before giving it to the baby, better safe than sorry.
Cleaning of the product is ultra-easy as well, vinegar, water and some soak time and it's good as newMy mom got me this for a present because it used to be that you had to heat your bottles for formula.
It can warm disposable, oversized, and odd shaped bottles, glass babyfood jars, and tin cans to name a few.
A plastic basket fits on the inside of the warmer, and is removable for larger items.
Okay, that's true, but it's also fair to say that I quickly learned to keep a timer when warming.
If Avent were to add an external timer, this would be extremely helpful to users.
I was extremely pleased with this warmer, but I also recognize its shortcomings.
In the recommended time it was hot enough to leave blisters on my wrist when I tested itI didnt really care for this.
It does warm bottles quickly and the variable temperature is a great feature, but I, as well as everyone else I know who own one, have overflowed this model repeatedly.
Who needs another thing to clean up when you have a little one around?
There are warmers that have specific compartments for warming jars of baby food, this one doesn't work well for jars, but then again, my son doesn't really like his food warmed up.
The fill line is crucial in getting the bottle warm.
I highly recommend this bottle warmer.
(When you're chasing two kids, it's easy to forget you're cooking a bottle!)
It also is only good for Avent bottles.
Just add a little water, throw in the bottle, and in minutes it was perfect.
I'm very pleased with this productI was told that you can warm up water in the microwave or just put it in a bowl full of hot boiling water.
With the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble.
( avent products are the best out thereit's a very practical item, it saves time and avoids forgetting milk/food being overcooked/boiled!is very easy to clean.is not heavy at all, you can carry it everywhereI got this product as a combo with the Avent Sterilizer.
))It's nice to have a place to warm the bottle, and it does cut down on wasting water (vs the other method of a bowl of warm water).
A timer would have been nice (and cheap enough to add).I hated how I had to unplug it and plug it in every time I wanted to use it.Yes, it may be the best there is out there, but that doesn't mean too much.
The basket inside is removeable and makes it easy to pull out 2.5 ounce baby food jars.
The warmer is small, convenient and easy to clean.
I am very happy with itWhen I was pregnant with my first set of twins I felt that I could handle EVERYTHING.
Well this sterelizer is my hero (as well as my husband who forced me to get one!).
ITs a bit pricey but I can gaurentee that replacements for the bottles that you disintigrated while boiling and sleeping at the same time, and doctor visits and medicine for those odd illnesses due to unsanitary things that your child(ren) place in their mouth, will cost you more!
IT MAKES A GREAT DRYING RACK TOOThis is a really great product... With just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...And it's big enought to put almost everything you want to...
I really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!!
It's quick, easy and efficient.
Easy to use and most of all,its cleanThis one is easy.
Other than that, this is perfect.
It doesn't take up a lot of space and it looks nice.
Two thumbs up for this productIt's definitely quick and easy and can hold a lot.
It is very easy to wash and fits well on the kitchen counter.
It makes life much easier and gives you more time to spend with your babySince we had twins we were going Through A LOT of dirty bottles.
So we purchased the Steam Sterilizer and im so happy we did.
And it still works at good as the first time.
Its just like when you wash them in the sink but this way you know they are getting clean ALL OVER.
Im very happy with our purchaseI am primarily breastfeeding, but I thought this would be useful for sterilizing pump parts and the occasional bottles, etc..
I feel badly for the waste of money...but the bags are SO much easier!!!
Plus you can use them during travel, at the office, etc.. Much more cost efficient and usefulI guess I was looking for a mini-dishwasher and it's not.. You still have to clean and then sterelize and fitting a lot in there is a bit like a puzzle.
I know that many people say you don't strictly need to sterilize everytime but with this you can run it as often as you want, it's a godsend for breastpump parts and according to our pediatrician, sterilizing is better for baby for the first weeks when they are so susceptible to germs.
This has made my life so easy!
I used this for a while then I resorted to manually washing with antibacterial soap and REAL hot water.
My girlfriend boiled her bottles and I can't believe how much easier (and safer) this is!
We're very pleased with it.
We also have the Avent food warmer...another great buyThis sterilizer is so easy to use.
I sterilize Avent and Medela products in it and I have been very happy with the effectiveness and ease of this sterilizerPerfect for breast pump accessories.
IF YOU ARE BREAST FEEDING AND/OR PUMPING, YOU NEED SOMETHING LIKE THIS to clean all those pesky little teeny/awkward accessories.
if you have a dishwasher it probably has an optional steam-dry cycle that works just the same as this microwave steam sterilizerWe have a dishwasher and had a full term very healthy child, and still used this product.
Lids and nipples tend to turn up in the dishwasher and retain water, and sediment..so what is point if I have to just rewash them?This sterilizer holds 6 bottles, nipples, tops, and pacifiers all at the same time.
I washed everything, filled this with the items and water, and popped it in at 6 minutes in our microwave to have perfectly clean and sterilized bottles, pacifiers, or breast pump parts.
Its easy, safe, convenient, and fastI thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself, THEN prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time, THEN wait for it to cool.... too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;If your baby has an immune promblem, then this may be great for you, otherwise, skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush....
I am keeping an eye on Avent's statements:[...]We keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas.
If only it can hold more bottlesI bought this sterilizer after trying to hand clean my breatpump - not feeling it was clean enough when i was finished.I haven't regretted it since.
It is so easy to use, so quick, and everything looks clean as well as being sterile.I use it for the pump as well as bottles.I throw my son's pacifier's in every once in a while as well - it works great!If you don't run your dishwasher everyday, you need this productThis is a great sterilizer.
It is so easy to use, fast, and holds lots of stuff.
It so easy to use and fast.
It takes only 4 mins to sterlize your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, etcI ama clean freak and ws parnoid from day one about germs and my first child.
I always use an oven mitt to take it out and when opening the lid to avoid steam burnsIt doesn't get any easier than this product.
Plus, it's just so very easy to useThis is a great sterilizer and is so easy to use.
It can also double as a place to store your bottles.
If you follow the instruction you can only fit 4 bottles, but I have been able to fit 5.Not all babies need their bottles sterilize but if you want to be safe than sorry this is an awesome productI had an electric steraliser (which died) before buying this one.
It's so easy to load up, everything fits snuggly and has it's place (I had trouble with bottles falling over in my electric steraliser), and extremely easy to wash and keep clean (the electric steraliser was a pain to clean - especially the element).As we use Avent bottles - 4 fit perfectly and are steralised in 8 minutes (our microwave isn't very powerful).
From the instructions it looks like other bottles fit easily as well.I use this daily and haven't had a problem with it - easy to use, easy to secure the lid and I use it for my bottles and dummies.Recommended if you are using bottles and especially the Avent brandThis makes it quick and easy to sterilize.
Works best with distilled water- less residue- but tap water is fine tooThis sterilizer is absolutely wonderful, especially if you take your baby on the road, i.e.
Plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to comeThis sterilizer is so easy to use even a dad like me can use it.
Best of all, the bottles are clean and sterilized in four minutes, without boiling water or running a half-full dishwasher.I know, the price seems high, but this is one luxury that is truly a necessityThis is such a great item and I can't say enough good things about it!
It couldn't be easier than popping things in the microwave for 5 minutes and knowing that your baby is getting sterilized items.A word of advice- be careful about removing it from the microwave.
Takes much less time than the alternativeI really like using this product.
It makes sterilizing your baby products so much easier.
you will get good use out of itVery easy to use (I even use it to sterilize my yogurt jars for the yogurt machine !
), and quick (3min in all) : it's a great productPortable and easy to use.
Regardless of whether or not you have a healthy full-term baby, sterilizing the toys that may have been handled by other children or licked up by the dog is essential to keeping your already healthy baby healthy!
Do yourself and your child a favor and purchase a sterilizerI am NOT a clean freak who sterilizes everything my son touches.
Sometimes I ran the dishwasher 3-times a day JUST to clean bottles.
I live in the desert, where water is precious.
We took many trips when William was an infant, and this unit made traveling easy.
It was probably soon after Will started solid foods.
The EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer turned out to be one of the BEST purchases I made the year my son was born, and I will happily recommend it to anyone.Happy Feeding,MaryWhile we agree that a sterilizer isn't really needed, we liked having this one when we wanted to quickly sterilize our daughter's bottles.
I washed all my bottles with soap before putting them in the sterilizer just in case.Also, now that my daughter has moved on to sippy cups, I use the sterilizer to clean those annoying spill proof valves that are impossible to get clean and aren't supposed to go in the dishwasher.I did use it occaisionally for my breast pump parts as well and it worked great for them, I just didn't get to breast feed for very long :(It saves time, energy and water!
A great productThe express steam sterilizer is really the easiest and most efficient way to go if you want to be assured that your baby's bottles are truly clean.
It is quick, easy and effective.
I have taken several extended trips with the baby, and it is so easy to travel with and store her clean bottles in.
It is very quick and completely uncomplicated.
I saw other mom's deal with the sterilization issue by boiling everything, what a time consuming process.
This is the most wonderful item I have gotten.
I clean the bottles and then load them into this.
With the sterilizers I just have that reassurance that everything is clean enough for my baby.
It is so easy to use and comes with extra bottlesThis has been a lifesaver!!!
It so easy to use and it's fast just pop it in microwave for 5 mintues and you got everything ready to go.
I am happy to say that neither of us has suffered from thrush or any infection.It's also wonderful for pacifiers and bottles.
I use the avent bottles which fit perfectly... but also have mendela bottles that fit wonderfully, too.I would highly recommendI love this sterlizer.
The inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier.
All in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if I had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done.
I put bottles, pacifiers, breast pump parts in it without a problemThis is a great product and I highly recommend it.
The best sterilizing option since I don't have enough dishes to bother using the dishwasher more than once every two days.
Even if you just want to clean one pacifier, it uses less water and energy than boiling on the stove and it's quicker too.
It's VERY easy to use: so easy to use, you will learn to use it (believe me, this is important) &quot;in your sleep&quot;.
It is inexpensive too: just shop around for other sterilizers and you will see this is the best one you can get for this price.
Finally, and perhaps most important of all: this is an essential piece of baby gear.
I look forward to using this for years to come!I found that the lid works really well for washing bottles too, instead of filling a sink full of water!
I can wash them in the soap and set them in the sink for rinsing, instead of using both sides of the sinkIt's so simple, makes your life so much easier!!!
I read the other reviews that it's much easier to just pop it in the dishwasher.
It worked fast and greatI highly recommend this product whether you are breast or bottle feeding (or sippie cup for that matter).
I find that I sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this productYet another great product from Avent!
This is so very easy to use and in minutes you have sterilized bottles, pacifiers, toys, pretty much anything that you can fit into the the thing.
This one is easier to store and use and is fasterThis is THE best way to sterilize bottles, bottle pieces, pacifiers, and breastpump parts.
It is quick and easy.
(You don't have to use their configurations to get good results.)
It's so much easier than boiling.
but for those people who need or really want a sterelizer, this ones great.
I love this sterelizer and it has kept my small son very healthy, happy and playfulI used this item 3 times, now its collecting dust.
Most books that I've read and my doctor agrees that it really isn't necessary to sterilize bottles.
This one was really helpful with pacifiers and nipples.
But I found that bottles in the dishwasher and nipples and pacis in the microwave steamer were much better.
Overall better for the money then the bigger one from AventI have to pump milk for my daughter at my office, and getting my pump parts clean was challenging.
Our sink doesn't put out enough got water for me to feel that my parts were really clean and safe.
It also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where I know they will remain clean and untouchedThis product is easy to use, works well and is FAST .
and everyone knows that time is precious is a new baby.
I use Advent bottles & pacifiers and they fit perfect as do all the parts to my Medela breast pump.
This sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.
It's up to you & your doctor whether you need a sterilizer, but if you do decide to get one, definitely get this oneWhen we bought this, I thought of it as a luxury item, because you don't really need to sterilize that much, but we never use the dishwasher and I thought it would be easier and safer than boiling water.
When I'm ready to pump, I load this up and 7 minutes later I'm good to go.
So I handwash all my bottles and bought this as an extra step to help me get them clean enough for my child.I really like this product a lot.
It is very easy to use and since I am using Avent products and an Avent manual pump, everything fits great in this sterilizer.
There are slots for basically everything and it all stays put when I am moving it around.I know that it isn't really necessary, but I like using it for that extra peace of mind that my baby is getting CLEAN bottles.
Every parent has different 'must haves' when they have babies and this is one of mineOn more than one occassion I've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.
It's much easier to keep my daughter distracted four the 4 or 5 minutes I need to wash and sterelize in this product than to wait for a load of dishes to run!
Well I must say that I'm very happy that I got this product.
It is VERY easy to store and does the job well.
Again, if you're in this page then you've come to accept that this sterilization process is worth the extra caution.HOW MANY MINUTES IN THE MICROWAVE AT FULL POWER AND 200ml OF WATER?2 MINUTES @ 1,100 - 1,850W, 2 MINUTES COOLDOWN4 MINUTES @ 850 - 1,000W, 2 MINUTES COOLDOWN6 MINUTES @ 500 - 800W, 2 MINUTES COOLDOWNI'm restating these from the manual because it's important to ensure proper use.
For the low cost it is offered, it's a small price to pay for extra security for your baby.
It is easy to use, just throw items in, 7 ounces of water and microwave for 7 minutes.
Otherwise, I love this sterilizerThis was the perfect solution for my pump parts and bottles.
So easy, just 10 minutes or less of your time and your sterilizing is complete!
I use this sterilizer twice a day and it really makes the task quick and simple.
It's good to wash and sterilize all bottles and breast pump parts before using them the first time.I own the Avent Isis breastpump and this has grooves for it to click into-very cool!
It's so easy and simple.And it keeps things sterile for 3 hours unless you pop open the top right awayI purchased this and it works wonderful...however, we do have a dishwasher and I find myself using that to clean the bottles over using the sterilizer.
If you don't have a dishwasher I highly recommend itFor weeks I boiled my ISIS pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain.
And let it cool for recommended length of time to avoid scorching yourself.Enjoy this product and you won't regretThis is a truly wonderful product!
I got mine on sale at a local Target store, and it included 4 9-oz Avent bottles as a bonus, so it was really a great deal.
The greatest thing about this sterelizer is that it gives me peace of mind that whatever goes into my 2-month old daughter's mouth is cleanWe love this sterilizer.
It is quick, easy to use, and fits other brands as well.
Very happy with this product.
It is fast and easy and I can't imagine going back to boiling bottles again.
It has really been helpful cleaning non-Avent items (breast pump items, baby bottles, pacifiers, etc.)
I really like this product; according to the sterilizer's instructions regarding my microwave wattage, it only takes 2 minutes to sterilize and 2 minutes to cool down.
It was the best thing we could find to serve the purposeI was using a basket to hold wipes, lotions, etc and keeping on the changing table.
I looked everywhere for a hanging basket but couldn't find one I liked for a decent price.
This diaper depot is absolutely perfect.
It attaches perfectly to the Gulliver Changing Table we have from IKEA which made me really happy.
His changing table is a dresser than came with a wooden surround that is removable once you are out of the diaper changing stage.
Great size, good quality and versatile.
It must hang on the EDGE of whatever you're hanging it on, otherwise, it won't fit.
Would have worked for me otherwise though.
I bought a different one (DEX) that has velcro strapsI have an Ikea changing station and this works great to help keep everything handy while changing the little guy.
Which doesn't really make it much more convenientOverall, we've been very pleased with the quality of this product.
It was very simple to put together and was very easy to attach to the front of our changing table.
The diaper caddy holds a variety of sizes easily...we were able to double stack the newborn size diapers and easily hold several of our son's size 4 diapers as well.
This isn't a dealbreaker for me, as it's just as easy to store those items in a bin on my changing table.
It actually worked out better this way!
i might get another one to put downstairs on the pack and playThis is a wonderful product.
I actually purchased it used from an infant resale shop and I am so happy that I did.
Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in thereI like have this organizer, but on our changer (attached to the crib style) it sits just a little looseI am giving this five stars although it broke because my fianc&eacute; put a lot of pressure on it for it to break.
It WAS perfect, I am tempted to buy another one, that's how much I liked itAlthough I gave the diaper depot a low rating I do have to say I like that it hooks on the side of my changing table.
This fit perfectly and holds everything I needIt works really well for me.
There's plenty of space for diapers, my wipes warmer fits on top, and I have odds and ends on the (removable) side compartmentsi do like this product but i dont think it was worth 15 dollars.
It's definitely a nicer way to keep diapers and wipes organized at my Pack 'N Play changing table.
The wipes box always tends to want to fall off when I'm taking a wipe out.
But all in all, this has been a nice item to have at my Pack 'N Play for diaper changingMy son is huge and long for his age.
What I liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.
This was the perfect solution.
Looks sturdy and I think it will really meet our needs!
:)Here's a link to the changing trayThis product is wonderful and better than I expected.
It is well made and I have recommended this product to my friends for the excellent quality of this product.
I am extremely pleased with this product and will buy again from this seller due to the quality of the productThis does what I ordered it for.
Better plastic and a better mounting method and this would be 5 starsI purchased this for use on our play yard where our son slept when he first came home.
I still highly recommend it thoughI love this product!!!
A bit bulky but really usefulAll my daughter's furniture is a variety of Delta Children's products and we own theDelta Eclipse Changing Table, White.
The instructor said it's a good idea to have everything out and ready when you change your baby, as sometimes they can be hyper or throw a fit.
This thing is awesome.
It's easy to fill and the side compartments are very handy.
I have the Prince Lionheart wipes warmer and it tends to slip out of the top part of the stand.
I was skeptical at first, but it makes diaper changes so easy!
Wonderful ideaWe were originally keeping the diapers and wipes on the shelf of the changing table, probably because we didn't think there was a better option.
Also, the wipes warmer fits right on top in the perfect reach.
The side compartment, they can come off, hold all the perfect necessities like Desitin and baby lotion.
This is really a handy little organizational item.
It is clear so it doesn't really stand out.
I highly recommend itI was looking for something that would hang off of my changing table, out of reach of my unusually tall son's ferocious kick.
It fits after really giving it some pressure, but isn't ideal.
which worked much nicer with my play yard.
A good buy & fit on the pack-n-play but also on the changing table late onI received this as a gift and I'm going to buy it for every expectant mother I know.
I think every mom needs one of theseThis is the perfect addition to our changing table!
There are nicer options out there, but they are more expensiveVery space saver and affordable!
It fits very sturdy at the side of Savannah Shore Changing/Dresser Table.
Thanks to amazon's awesome return policy.
It held our wipe warmer (which was a little big on top but it staid in place), diapers, and the two side containers held creams, nail clippers, etc.
Smaller diapers may slip though too easy, but bigger ones like size 1 and 2 are fineI was so excited to get this because of the great reviews.
Consider that you will be taking away 5 inches of walk space around your changing table after you put this hunk of plastic onto it.If you have your changing table in a small area or corner of a room, this makes a difference.What a cheaply made piece of plastic.Pass this up and buy a wall shelf to go over the changing table insteadWe needed something to put on the side of our changing table for our wipe warmer and this really was our answer.
A must have if you have the prince lionheart wipe warmerThis holds our wipe warmer and about 2 days' worth of diapers, so far so good.
However, the side containers really don't hold much.
Wish it would hold a little more, but it's great to have the things it will hold within easy reach of our son while we're changing himWe got this in conjunction with Prince Lionhart wipe warmer.
It is wonderful becasue it allows for the wipes, diapers, powder, and a rash ointment all to be stored at your fingertips.
If it was just a little wider you could double stack little diapers.
It just needs a little bit or re-designing and it would be awesome!But, all in all it is a great little extra that provides well needed extra storageit has enough room for about 15 diapers and a wipes container on the top.
The two side bins are removable (a little too easily if you ask me but no big deal) and we use them for small lotions, nail clippers, the nose aspirator, and a few other things.The large lotion bottle we have and the large &#34;tub&#34; of A+D ointment we use don't fit in this though so i have to keep those on the counter itself.This has a lip so you can hang it from the edge of the changing table but since we have rounded (sleigh style) edges, it doesn't fit there.
I was really looking for something small to keep wipes and ointments handy in.
They don't fit perfect, but well enough that I'm happy!
I paid less than $9 for this item so I really have no complaints.
Plastic is very thick and seems sturdy.
Well this huge plastic thing doesnt look very attractive, but it super useful and clear, so u dont see it right away in the roomI was looking for a diaper organizer/caddy for my changing station.
Do pay attention to how wide your changing station's side is, it needs to be equal to or less than ~1.25 inches; otherwise, this diaper depot won't fit.I am able to fit some diapers in the middle compartment, place my wipes on top, and keep a few handy things in the side compartments.
Love itThis diaper caddy is a wonderful addition to our baby room which has very little counter space to put stuff.
Good luckMost diaper caddies out there for your changing table take up valuable table space, so this really appealed to me since it "hangs" over the edge of the table.
Mine came cracked, and I didn't have the patience to send it back and get another one, as my baby was due soon and I wanted one less thing to worry about.
It looks nice and works well, gets the job done.
It frees up so much space from the changing table and keeps everything organized and accessible.
This was one of the best baby items we bought along with the Prince Lionheart premium diaper warmerI have a Prince Lionheart wipe warmer that fits perfectly on top.
In Prince Lionheart's defense, this may be necessary to accomodate larger sized diapers.2) The side containers could have been a little deeper.Besides these minor nuiances, it's a great productMy sister got me this for my shower and I love it.
I love that everything you need can be placed in the diaper depot and so easy to grab one handed of course.Note:We do not use the bottom basket under the wipe warmer as a diaper storage but instead as a cloth towel holder and it works great, especially if you have a boy and need alittle protection and/or clean up from showers!
I like that the side holders are removable, because I only ended up using one of them.
It's easy to pull out the diapers one-handed (from the bottom slot of the holder).
It also puts the wipes right there - easy to grab!Highly recommendedThis is very convenient.
I have it connected to the side of our changing table, which makes it easy for me to have the essentials readily available when time for a diaper change.
Great purchaseThis was recommended to me by a fellow mom, and it works great!
There's more than enough room for disposable diapers and they are very easy to take out and refillThis is an awesome organizer that many of my friends use and love.
The top is the perfect size for a variety of diaper cases, and diapers fit nicely underneath.
I don't really like that you have to screw into the railing, but a child's safety is way more important.
I wouldn't say it's too stylish either, but a person would be hard-pressed to find a stylish railing guard.
Easy to install and very sturdy if you attach it properly.
It does serve it's purpose of keeping my baby from falling down the stairs which is most important.
easy to installit does the job, my daughter is discourage from playing with the railing since we installed this mesh&#8230;.
Not the prettiest net, but it works and it isn't permanentOnce you install this piece of netting, it really is a nice product.
But for the purpose of an outdoor guard it is perfect.
The nails are nice and small and won't leave any longterm damage.
All in all a nice cheap solution for a deck toy barrier!
It has been really great.
She flops around a little so we have to keep a hand on her, but I am sure it will be better suited for her when she gets a little bigger.
With my older twins I just bathed them in the tub, but after some very close calls, (bathing 2 at a time is TOUGH and sometimes I just didnt have the patience, energy or time to bath one and than another).
I mean its really a monstrosity.
In the big tub, my daughter constantly wants to stand up to "just get another toy" or different soap or whatever.
It's true that you have your hands free for bathing, because the tub fully supports even the wiggliest baby.
I highly recommend!
I also recommend theOXO Tot Tub Kneeling Mat, Blue- it really saves your knees while you bathe your childThis tub will support your itty bitty newborn but its just too large.
So easy to put baby in and wash them hands freeKeeps baby nice and secure while still submerged in the water (those baby hammocks in other tubs don't really work well cuz baby is barely in the water).
the first 2 tubs (Safety 1st and Summer) were nice but became too small for our baby when he was just 2.5 months old.
these help mom clean baby's armpits, nape and back without any hassle, while keeping the baby in place, secure and comfortable.4.
highly recommended for babies from birth to toddlerWe bought this tub after our son outgrew his standard baby tub because we were nervous about putting him in our deep jetted bathtub.
It is a large tub (almost as long and wide as our standard bath), so I don't recommend it if you are looking for something easy to store.
The baby feels safe in the built in cradle for smaller babies.Cons: Only downside is it is super big.
I have to use it in our kitchen or the master bathroom where we have a large enough counter top.
I would not put this in a regular size tub, can't imagine bending over like that is good for anyone's back or knees.Overall: I highly recommend this tub.
Baby is happy and safeI bought this tub after reviewing almost all the other comparable tubs on here!
This tub was the best we have used!
We absolutely love this tubMy daughter is 3.5 years old and I have been looking for a large enough sturdy bathtub for her.This one is just perfect in every aspect.It is large and deep enough for a toddler and very comfortable and stylish.My daughter is thrilled with it and loves her bathtime in her new Primo Euro Bath.It is easy enough to empty out the water and it fits perfectly in a standard bathtub.Definately a good buy.I would not reccomend it to parents of a newborn or a small baby.This is more of a second baby bathtubThis infant bath is huge!
IT can be used for both babies and those that are old enough to sit up on their ownThis product has been wonderful for us as we only have a stand up shower at home.
Other baby tubs they would have out grown long ago, but this thing is really BIGLike most parents, I try to streamline the baby gear I buy - if one product can have two uses or can be used into toddlerhood, I'm all for it.
Remember to overturn or hang the tub up when empty so that it doesn't get mildewy (and it will if you leave water standing in itAgree with everything all the other (positive) reviewers have said.
It is really huge, though.
We have five different tubs at home and both grand parents house plus a travel tubs.
I highly recommend thisBig, but great tub for newborn.
It also worked great when he was much smallerI originally bought a Leachco Safer Bather Infant Bath Pad based on all the good reviews.
This is really an awesome design.
It is a really big tub though.
Would highly recommend this tubThis is the only tub I have ever owned, and I LOVE it!
The only real crevice to clean out is the drain plug.
The rest of the surface is smooth so it wipes down quickly.Overall, I feel like this tub is easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to store.
We're expecting another baby and - again - we will be using this tub just as soon as this one can take a real bathI really wanted to love this bath, but I don't.It is just too big even in my rather big bathroom.My baby wasn't really into this tub either.I'm still keeping it in case if we have another baby.If you are having a first baby, I would recommend using Infant Bath Seat from primo.It is easy to use, clean and store.
It might just be true!When our LO was born, we started with one of the smaller standard bathtub with a net.
I love it, it's really big and very sturdyWe've been using this tub since our son was about 6 months old.
We got this when he was younger but since it doesn't have any padding we used instead a different tub until he was able to somewhat sit up (maybe he wouldn't have cared, but it looked painful).
Very well designed and extremely well made.
My son is very big for his age and yet still fits in it really well.
The small plug is very easy to use too and means you can drain a little water to top it up if you need to.
I haven't seen a better bath anywhereLiked the fact that it can be easily used for newborns as they don't slip down and sink!It's very resistant and durable, the only thing I don't like is that you need plenty of space to storage itI had a different baby tub before this because I thought this was too expensive.
The newborn side of the tub is awesome.
I was hesitant when I bought it, but now that we've had it for a few months, I would definitely buy it againI have 20 month old twin boys and they didnt really use large baby tubs (no room!)
so I completely forgot how important this would be for my now 4 month old son!
* The Eurobath doesnt leak on the counter, which is a god-send since it didnt fit in our double sink too well* Holds enough water to cover my baby* Has an infant side for babies who cant sit up yet (although we put a little dishtowel there for extra "gripage")* Has a toddler side for infants who can sit up, gives them some room to play* Cute color too* Will fit in the big tub when we need it there* Cleans up very easilyBUT* Its really really big and its hard to store* Theres no support to keep a baby from slipping* it wont fit in the sink* Its expensiveAll in all though, this is a great tub and by far the best available on the market, really comfortable, dont waste your time buying a cheaper model, you will just wind up buying this one anyway, if you wind up with a good tubI brought this tub for my newborn.
It also gives a good support for the head.
It really facilitates the bath for first time parentsWe absolutely love the EuroBath!
A friend has this tub and highly recommended it.
We love this tub and highly recommend itOur 4 month old son outgrew the First Year's Infant To Toddler Tub within a few months.
He tried it out yesterday and he was so happy!
He looked really crammed in the First Year's tub compared to this one.
The drain is also inadequate- it is much easier to just pick it up and dump all the water outThis tub is VERY VERY large.
We put it on the counter between our double sinks so it is easy to use.
It is nice and deep, which is good for boys just in case they pee, it doesn't make it out of the tub.
That aspect of it was nice, but when we started putting our son down in the water, he was moving all over the place and sliding down a lot.
It is the best!
It was about a tablespoon of water each timeThis is really a great product.
The shape of the infant side kept her comfortably cradled and even when she squirmed she stayed in place, allowing me to focus on getting her squeaky clean.
Also the lack of slings or other cloth pieces eliminates concerns about the tub being fully clean and sanitary.
Then she saw how easy and effortless bath time was and she was sold.
The Primo sign fell of within a couple of monthsWe decided to go with this bath tub after reading lots of reviews about it...they were all positive!When we received it via courier, we were happy with the quality although found it a bit big.Our daughter is 5 weeks old and we've used it about 6 times or so.
I would definitely recommend this to my friendsthis tub is a little big, but it is absolutely the best tub out there.
easy to clean and will grow with the baby.
the other tubs out there are way too gimmickyThis is an excellent tub.
If you lack storage space, this can be annoying, but its definitely worth itNo frills, sheer elegance in design!
I was looking for a simple plastic design so that the tub would be easy to clean/sanitize with no mold issues.
The closest highly rated blue whale tubFisher-Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub(like most others), while really cute, has a tendency to develop mold in hidden crevices.
Lastly, this occurred to me after I had purchased it, but having a toddler side of the tub really is unnecessary.
I did give it three stars, though, because it is a nice quality tub and if you're baby (and bathroom) is on the larger side, you would probably love thisThis is by far the best purchase we've made for our son - at 2 months old he was 16 lbs, and too big for most tubs.
This one is perfect.
We didn't really use it until she could sit on her own at about 6-7 months though.
I didn't like it for before she could sit...another option with more padding is better.
I will continue to use this until she's 2...it's great that I don't have to fill up the whole tub and feels much saferI registered for this tub after doing my research and reading reviews and have only had positive experiences with it.
It IS a large tub to store, but I don't mind since it makes our bath times so fun and easy!
There is a drainage hole and pipe for easy draining if you choose to use it somewhere other than a bathtub.
There is a lot of room for her to grow also - we'll be using this tub for years to comeWe had a pretty big newborn (9lbs) so this worked really well for us.
If you don't plan on keeping it in the tub all the time...get a different tub.
Son really likes kicking and splashing around in it and I feel he is very secure in there.
This tub is, hands down, the very best bathtub on the market.
After 22 months of use, this tub is still in perfect condition and our daughter still fits in it with room to spare.
You WILL NOT find a better tub out there because it just doesn't exist.
This is just the best design on the market and you will thank yourself time again, probably for two years or more, for buying this tub.
It also has a plug on the bottom which makes it easy to empty.
It's nice and big, the water covers her whole body and she has room to splash and play with good support.
Also the protruding centerpiece is a good place to crush a baby's balls so watch out especially if he's too small to fit in the tub properly!
Hopefully in the future we can use it againBathing my infant girl has been so easy thanks to this bathtub!
Go to Bed,Bath,& Beyond to see it in person and pay $24.99 if you really want it.
I still prefer the hoppop that I purchased through AmazonAfter much research I got this tub.
For my newborn I simply prefer to roll up a towel and call it goodThis tub is large, fits in the bath tub, and works very well for our daughter.
But we just tip the water out in the tub once we're done bathing herThis bath tub is very functional & cost efficient..considering you can use this for a very long time (just DON'T use chemicals to clean it/ USE Organic Cleaners!)
All you would need is a little pad to put under baby's butt or back..everything else it perfect!
When he was really tiny we just put a rolled up waschloth at his groin to prop him up a bit more.
But it was so nice that he could be supported but be deeper in the water.
One of our best baby purchasesI LOVE this tub!
The drain on the side is a nice convenience and makes emptying it easy.
I use a towel on the bottom of the tub to make it less slick, and it does help, but it isn't fool proof.
But it's good after washing.
I don't really have a comparison point but no complaints.
For now, we get through bath without any tears or falls and that is good enough for meGreat bath!
This is better to use than sitting in the bottom of what can be a very dirty bathtub and it saves me from having to wash the bathtub multiple times per weekI really like this tub for my sitting baby.
We had a 4 stage tub for our son, but he got really big and it didn't fit any more.
The tub also has a spot to hold shampoo and bath wash bottlesAs the previous review stated, this is the perfect tub for a tall baby.
It seems to be made well and is super sturdy, we have been using it for a month and I can see using it until she grows out of it.
I love that it's roomy and has a couple different options for seating.
Actually, he can switch himself between the different seating options now (he's 8 months), which worries me a little, that he's that mobile in the tub, but hey, I'm right there watching, so I guess it doesn't matter much, and it entertains him to move around and chase toys around the tubThis is a big improvement over our previous tub, which had no built-in supports - only a separate chair on which our son would constantly be sliding downward.Three places for improvement:1.
There is no stand, and apparently you can't purchase one.
I really like the size of this tub, because it is huge (though it still fits easily into my standard size tub).
It has a nice contoured reclined position on one side to hold my infant son, yet the sitting position on the opposite side provides ample space for my 3.5 year old daughter.
This is the second time I have purchased a Primo brand product (the first time was a Primo potty), and I have been very pleased both times.
He was a really big baby and his arm and legs were starting to hang out of the other one.
The baby seat my mom got me wouldn't stick to my bathtub floor and would tip over.
So I'm so happy I found this.
It worked perfect.
Super easy and my son had so much fun taking a bath since he could play with a couple toys.
My son is 15 months old now and I have started putting him in the regular bath tub now and he does fine now that he has good balance and everything.
But I think it's pretty sturdy, maybe just that my boy is a big for age.
It's a good investment.
Very durable and easy to cleanI have used this tub for my two kids and it is perfect for our needs.
The design really helps little ones stay upright when they are starting to sitWe started with what I call the newborn tub and switched to this by 3 months.
We used it on our kitchen island counter-top until about 6 months when my son was really sitting up unassisted.
Unless you have a sink right next to a large enough counter space you will have to bail the tub a bit unless you are really strong.
The stopper on the drain plug tends to flop back down making draining the tub take a little longer.
It drains easily and easy to clean.
For the price you will get your deal, especially the end result is a happy babyThis is the best baby bath tub out there.
It is large, taking up a good amount of space, but when hung on the wall (there is a hole in the top rim of the tub for this very use) it's simple to take down and set up and then give baby a bath.
I used it on the kitchen counter in our small condo (as we didn't have much space anywhere else) and then I used it on the large bathroom counter in our townhouse.I tried that sponge shape for our first son in the regular bathtub and that really hurt my back (and he didn't like lying down in the water).
It's wonderful!
I highly recommend this itemI have four kids and have used so many different tubs.
This happened a few times until I learned that this tub was no longer a good tub for him.
I love it, works great, and recommend to every new momWe tried 3 different bath tubes for our newborn.Using this bath from her 4th week!
perfect shape, highly recommendedWe purchased this tub in transparent blue.
Sturdy, easy to clean, easy to store, and my baby loves it!
Also, it is nice that it has ledges to hold your wash cloth or soap tooOur baby's umbilical cord stump fell of when she was just a few days old, so we bathed her in this tub.
The EuroBath got the best ratings by far.
This tub's contoured bottom made it so easy!
We have been using this tub on our kitchen counter since he was born and its the best thing.
I think this tub is wonderful.
We have to put a plastic spoon in the hole to keep it open, otherwise the water pressure pushes the plug shut while it's draining.
Other than that, I absolutely love this and would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to awkwardly bathe their child in the regular tubGreat bath tub and my toddler is 3 now and we are still using it.Yes, this is a bit more expensive than some other models and brands, but you really get what you pay for.The fact that we are still using it after 3 years, that alone is worth the price.We have given this product along with a bottle of Argan oil (I love the brand Vitaville) to many of my girlfriends for baby showerI have two children, while my younger one loves it, my toddler still hates bath time.
However, this is much better and less intimidating that a regular bath.
It is very easy to clean and I just leave it in the bathtub to drain completely and store it there...when I need the tub I just take it out.
Yes it does take up some space but I hide it in the tub behind the shower curtain and I'm just fine with that, I find that I don't use the plug as it seems easier for me just to dump the water into the sink from the long end.
I'm very pleased with the purchaseAfter our twins got too big for baths in the sink but still too small to just sit in a tub, we were at a loss.
It truly last a lot longer than most and is very safe with infants.However, i just re-ordered one for our second son and had to return it because we now live in a smaller space and it is way too big!
It is really sturdy.
it has both positions for infant and toddler, so really can last a long time.
thank goodness i have a spare room by my bathroom to store it in otherwise i would have no choice but to send it back.
it is nice & sturdy thoughThis bathtub is excellent because you can use it from birth to toddlerhood.
If he accidentally slips backwards, the sloping backrest catches him without injury.It's nice and big - for me, this is a plus as I think he'll continue to fit comfortably in it for at least another year.
However, if you have a really tiny bathroom that is shared with multiple people, this could be a drawback.How many baby products do you use, basically every day, for the first 3 years of baby's life?!
Considering this fact, it's $25 well spent.Also, it might be nice for some to know: if the stopper/gasket breaks, the company will send you a replacement free of charge.
Too much curving that is just HARD to clean!
And with so much room, my hand can reach and clean her buttock easily.Well I could rave about this product on and on.
I use the baby side to shampoo his hair.All in all, a great tubThis was one of the best purchases we've made!
This tub is so large but in a good way.
We are extremely happy with this tub and would have rated it five stars, except for the fact that it is HUGE.
But already at just 3 months she lays and splashes and plays in the little molding and we can float a duck around at her and clean her so easily as it supports her.
I love that we'll be able to keep using this bath as she grows into this little baby spa.The material is durable, the molding perfect for a little baby and the features are practical.
We leave it in the tub, flipped up to dryWe are very happy with the tub.
We buy a fair share of Made in China stuff, so it is nice to see a made in the USA product.
He doesn't find it so amusing anymore but it's great for me because I can give him a bath alone now instead of having to have another person hold him up in the tub.
Yes, the drain is really slow so I do what someone else does and use a large plastic cup to scoop the water out so I can refill with clean water.
It is highly easy to keep clean.
Its very easy to clean.
This Eurobath is wonderful.
It seems like it would have been perfect to bathe an infant too (since it has the special design to do so), but I didn't have it at the time.
My baby seems very comfortable in this tub, I highly recommend itThis is the best for me.
It is, hands down, among the best baby gear purchases I've ever made.
Can't say enough good things about this product.
The smart ergonomic design keeps your baby sturdy and safe, and allows you to have both hands free for washing and grabbing bath products and towels.
This bathtub is awesome.
We originally purchased a different tub, but at 4 months our baby outgrew that one so we opted to buy the PRI EuroBath.
It is super easy to clean and a great great product.
I definitely foresee myself using this bath for my 7 month-old for several more months, and possibly a couple more yearsI used to have one of these small baby tubs with a hammock for newborn.the Hammock thing was great when she was a newborn but as soon as I stopped using it and put her straight into the baby tub she would just slipped, flipped and I always need to hold her which made it very hard to clean her....this tub just solved all of these issues.she is hold into place and can freely splash and move without me holding her and in exchange I have my 2 hands free to clean her.PROS:the design is such that:Baby can lie down and splash and play while being hold well.Baby can sit and play while being hold well.This is a two stage tub-it looks big but fits well in my bathtub which is very standard.CONS:Nothing yet.UPDATE:Baby is now 10 months and she still fits in the tub (and she is very tall- size of an 18 month old baby)- I will keep using it as long as I can as it way better than dealing with the regular bathtub.
It's easy to drain.
After looking at customer photos I understood this is exactly what I need.So it came, I cleaned it and we tried it same evening: Nick was so happy.
The baby was very happy, smiling all the time, and kicking the water.
It has made the both of us so happy i only wish it was padded, but other then that it has been greatOur daughter loves to take a bath in this tub, and we love to bathe her in our Eurobath.
Hate to bathe her without it - though we have had to a few timesafter tried out 3 different tubs, i finally bought this one.
but, once i gave my daughter a bath in it, i knew that this is a good buy.
I loved it for my newborn, it was small and compact and easy to place over the sink.
So we decided to get this one, it is far superior to the previous one.
The tub itself is large but the bottom is proportioned enough to fit over a nice size sink.
I am very happy with it and highly recommend it for your newborn, infant or toddlerThis is an awesome tub.
The seat thing is great and does a good job at keeping her from slipping when I lay her backMy 3 month old daughter LOVES this tub.
You can imagine this wasn't good for our usual bedtime routine!
When she first started getting to know this tub, she started kicking around frantically and made us wonder if she was panicking or having a good time.
Well turns out she was just having a good time haha.
The plug hasn't been very useful for us as I tip all the water into the tub to drain before cleaning with plant based cleaner but it may be useful for some.
Overall this has been one of the best registry gifts that will last beyond the first few monthsLove this tub for my 8 month old.
She loves it, there is plenty of room for her to splash around and it is really easy ton wash herWe love love love ours.
We have used for two years, and it is in as perfect condition as when we bought it.
No sharp edges a fabulous size, and easy to clean.
It is also more attractive than many others we looked at.
Could not be happierI bought this tub because it received really good reviews - but it is gigantic and really takes up half of my bathroom.Also, because of it's size you don't transport it and end up keeping it in the bathtub anyway!I found it's just easier for my daughter to take a bath with meOnce baby had outgrown the sink, we were stuck using the one I originally registered for - a "space saving" model.
My master bath only has a shower stall, so I use this in there when I bathe my 6 1/2 month old daughter.
While there is a plug it doesn't really do a good jub of letting out the water while the baby is still in the tub.
I let it drain as best as it can and when she is done with her bath, I just turn the tub over and let the water out.
I preferred using this tub because for some reason, it seemed like it kept the water warmer than the big bath tub in our main bathroom.
Little Miss likes to kick, so this tub is perfect for her.
The inside of the tub stays clean; I do get a little mold on the underside at the end where I stand the tub up.
It's easy to clean without any odd crannies and I love that it is all white and "clean" in appearance.
Eventually we will have to move on, but it was great for the moneyDesign is superior - no other tub compares.
It is huge (the bigger your bathroom - and tub - the better), but so worth itThis tub is really nice.
The contoured area for the baby is just right, and it seems really safe.
I realize now, though, that I really didn't need that...a soft washcloth or cloth diaper would be enough.
I recommend this tub to anyone who wants to have good control of the bathing situation.
I did a LOT of research on the best tub before buying this one.
My child has a cousin born at the same time -- his mom had a different tub and ending up buying the Eurotub a few weeks after we did because her child almost flipped their smaller tub.I purchased this from Babies R Us -- it was significantly cheaper than the Amazon price at the timeThe bathtub is priceless.
It holds baby so well from the very beginning and provides the "extra hands" I need for a productive yet safe bath-time.
It's not very easy to use or clean.
I only gave it 4 stars because it is bulky, so I don't really have anywhere to put it when my son isn't taking a bath, but we love that we don't have to fill the tup up and waste water.
Has easy drain plug5.
It is one solid thick mold.
My son always felt very secure in this tub and I loved that it really grew with him.
We place it next to the sink on the kitchen counter and it works wonderfully!
My mommy group of over 80 women agree!
Love itI bought this and had it sent to my niece for her baby shower, so I can't really say much about it as I never actually saw it, but she told me she really likes itI did a good bit of research when looking for a tub as I wanted something that we could use for a while with our little one.
This tub is perfect.
It's also nice to have a drain plug that allows you to adjust the amount of water in the tub if you happen to put too much in.Many people don't like the size of the tub, and it is large.
If you are looking for a tub that you can use in a dedicated bathroom and are focused on bathtime safety, this is the tub you've been looking forWe still use this tub for my daughter at 2 1/2, 30 lbs and 37" tall, and have used it since birth.It is so RARE for a "convertible" baby-to-toddler product to actually pan out in real life that I just had to review this.The molded shape of this tub is just perfect, and thinks of everything!
If I had to scrub out our tub every night to get it clean enough for her, that would be a huge pain!
To me, this is a much more pleasant bath than sitting in the adult tub as a toddler in only a few inches of water.
The rubber drain is the only place where we get some mildew, but it pops right out for easy cleaning and reinserts just as easily.
Also the little channels for the arms are really thin so you can't get your hand in there to rinse off the baby's arms well.However I have to say there is NO way the baby can escape so it is completely safe.
My baby is 3 months and he isn't anywhere near able to escapeSomeone was really thinking when they developed this tub.
Then I got the diaper Gene and it's better but still I think it sucks.
It has been really helpfull...
The refills are not expensive at all, and you could always get free refills at Babies R Us, buying 2 or 3 together....I use one refill every 3 weeks or so....I haven't try any other one in the market, but for me this is perfect, so I could say that is the BEST OPTIONBe wary of any diaper pail that requires instructions and a demo by your next-door-neighbor in order to use it!
After I figured it all out I found that it was a pain to fool with.
The only positive thing I can say is that when you do cut the links loose they are easy to dispose of in the outside garbage.You may want to save your money on this one and go with something less fru-fruI don't understand the other reviews, mine has been a wonder.
Now it isn't nearly as long... maybe 8 or 10 good wet diapers of a 2 year old who LOVES his juice.
I even feel good enough about this product to let my son then drag it to the trash, he loves helping.
Or a really good twist and maybe a double knot at the bottom of a freshly cut liner?
This way you can get the best twist and seal it in completely.
The Diaper Genie is easy to use, and the refills last a long time.
He's now on cereal and beginner fruits and veggies and despite the increase in smelly poopies, the Genie works great.To help with smells---make a compact package out of diapers by folding in half and closing up by wrapping the back with the tabs around to the front and re-securing the tabs; the newer, scented, wide-opening refills keep the smell down (much better than the older style Genie and refills); empty it every 2 to 3 days as it fills up.
It's a lot faster and easier than trying to mess with the Genie.
It's convenient, VERY easy to use, and most of all sanitary.
I even used the different types of refills that were made for it...ie.
It's really easy to break something or not put the pieces back in the right way.
If you really need this kind of doodad, there is another type out there where you can use your own plastic bag...that's much better than this dealThe Diaper Genie does the job of keeping odors away, but otherwise it is a real pain!
The Diaper Genie has some major flawsWhen my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke, I bought a Diaper Champ.
I figured I'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills.Once I started using something different, I realized immediately just how wonderful the Diaper Genie really was.
The odor protection the Diaper Genie provides is much superior to that of the other diaper pail.
You'll have to spend a little more on refills, but your house won't smell, which really is the point behind a diaper pailI use this for less than 1 month: The quality of the material (plasitc) is bad and cheap, it doesnt control de odor ( the room really stinks) and it broked after a month of use, and the refills cost too much money!
I definetly go with the diaper champ, better odor control, no refill bags ( use conventional kitchen trash bagsIt is a BIG WASTE OF MONEY.
The Diaper genie is good for when your baby is an newborn (1-3 months) After they are 4 months there doo doo really stinks and the smell does come out a little bit even if you change it every other day.
It does work to keep odor out I suppose, but so does a plastic bag.Just put your diaper in a plastic bagThe Diaper Genie is sooo easy to use and they always have coupons on refills.
We went with another brand (just one long piece) and it worked out much better since our brick fireplace is rounded.
But it's better than nothing.
Very soft, cushy, works great, looks nice, easy install.
The edge, and particularly the corners, are sharp and harsh and could cause a good wound if the baby were to fall against them.
It took a bit of cutting, but we ended up with about 6 inches of edge left over.We don't like the looks of it, but the baby's safety is of greater importance.
It's an imperfect solution, but better than nothing.Gary PetersonWhen our grandson started pulling up and standing, I knew it would be just a matter of time before he would find the hearth made of brick and waist high.
They were really easy to install using the 3M tape that was included.
We have had them on the hearth now for 3 weeks and they have stuck solid so far.
Works well, good quality.
I was also happy that they are one of the few companies that still seem to have their call center located in U.S.
What I really love about this product is the color of the foam that really blends right in with our living room decor, and the foam can be easily cut to fit perfectly, which we had to do.
In fact, she's pretty much left it alone since we took this offWe have a standard fireplace hearth (no odd angles) that is about 6 feet wide and this has worked out great.
Otherwise this is doing a great job keeping him safe and reapplying the one piece isn't that hard.I bought the brown ones and both my wife and I actually think it looks pretty good on our gray brick fireplace and brown tables.
I purchased the colour that best matched our fireplace mantelWhen I got my Simmons Changing Pad, this came with it free.
It fits the pad great and feels much better to the skin than the plastic cover of the pad.
I am giving it 4 stars though, because if it did fit, it would be a good changing pad cover.
Good thing I bought so many, because each time baby oozed, leaked, squirted, spit up, fountained, or otherwise made a baby mess, I would have to carefully fit the straps back through the strap holes, then remove the pad cover, toss it in the wash, and put a new cover on.
On top of that, the terrycloth just doesn't clean well, even with those special baby-stain removers and even with Shout!
It works wonderfully and is easy to pick up and put in the hamper if it gets dirty.
So, we have the nice clean look of a white cover and put the lap pad over top of it.
The blankets are cheaper, easier to clean and don't interfere with the use of the safety strapsThis changing pad cover is made of high-quality material and fits perfectly even after being washed in HOT water.
no matter how clean you think you will be (bleaching and all) there is really no way to get this terry cloth totally clean when your little one poops on it (and he will!).
My husband and I have opted for covering the pad with a clean bath towel every day.
It's softer and easier.
I have one in white and one in green (the green matches my Malawi bedding really well.)
It adds a nice girl touch to her roomThis terry cloth cover has been a lifesaver.
No matter what it was a GREAT BUYI am all about ease of clean, and this cover while very easy to clean it is not optimal to place it in the drier (even on low).
My suggestion, don't put it in the drier and it stays perfect (learned with the 2nd one we boughtThese covers are very comfy and the fit is pretty decent (in my opinion).
However, I don't really use them much.
For a few bucks more, you can get one with lights the flash when your baby is cryingNot too happy with this monitor.
My husband became the master of turning it down just enough to tolerate the sounds but hear the baby when he cried.
Would probably be a better idea to just to buy a more expensive one out of the gate since you'll be spending that amount of money anyway once you buy something to replace this one when it diesWe got this as a gift at our baby shower two years ago.
Our apartment is made with solid concrete and I am able to hear the monitor all the way in the front of the house.
It really is crystal clear I can hear the baby's 1st stirring.
But who knows whether the manufacturer has updated the technology or just modernized the housing....Anyway, we already had the Sony Baby Call 27 channel monitor, but since this was free, we got it to take with us on trips or when we're going to a friend's house for the evening and taking our Pack N Play -- that way, we wouldn't have to unplug and pack our Sony all the time.What's good about this monitor:- Both the transmitter and the receiver can run on AC outlet power OR on a 9-volt battery.
This is great if you need to put them somewhere that doesn't have easy outlet access.
Listening to it makes me think of what my grandmother says about her hearing aid -- it amplifies all the noises equally, so when there's a good bit of noise in the baby's room (i.e., music playing and heat running), you hear a lot of noise through the monitor.
But when the baby is napping, I am often washing dishes or running laundry or taking a shower or doing something equally noisy, and in those cases, I really rely on those lights to let me know if the baby is crying.
With this monitor, I find myself having to pick it up and hold it to my ear to try to figure out what's going on.Bottom line, if you're willing to spend a little more, you can get a superior product in the Sony Baby Call.
But, the one that did work, we really like.
No good.
I love that the parent unit can be used without batteriesIf you want a monitor that's super sensitive, get this one.
I can't hear the clock just sitting a few feet away from it, but this baby monitor can hear it clear across the room.Just don't unplug the transmitter while the receiver is still on... it's LOOOOOOOOOUD staticMaybe the best $ deal I found so far.
I would buy another any dayWe've had this monitor about a year now and it works wonderfully!
Great that it works just like it should, and super glad that I didn't waste the money on one of the other really expensive baby monitorsFINALLY HAD OUR BABY AND GOT TO TRY IT OUT..THE FIRST TIME I HOOKED IT UP WAS WHEN I RECIEVED IT, I DID HEAR THE NEIGHBORS MONITOR A LITTLE..BUT ALMOST ALL BABY MONITORS WILL HAVE THAT PROB.
I thought the more I spent the better quality.
I honestly dont recommend this item, buy something nicer, it'll be worth it for your sanity and peace of mindI was given this as a gift and LOVE it!
You really can't beat it.
But I don't think that really matters as long as it works.
However if you need two, save your money and get a better unit with more channelsIt isn't the greatest monitor ever made, but it works.
I don't have any other monitors to compare it to but I don't think it's so greatI love this monitor more than my expensive VIDEO monitor.
I gave it 2 stars because it's super affordable ... but you don't want to buy it unless you really don't mind the interference and constant buzzI read lots of reviews before purchasing this monitor.
i have no need for a super fancy monitor -- i just want to know if the baby is asleep or awake and needs tending to.
We've had trouble finding an outlet we can use that doesn't have other major interference (like if the alarm clock or toaster is on the same circuit).
It's crystal clear and is a great buy, if youre looking for an inexpensive monitorI'm so grateful for this monitor.
The clarity is perfect for our large 3-bedrm apartmentI don't think that they should call this a &#34;crystal clear monitor&#34; As the other reviewers mentioned this product is pretty staticy.
It fit our budget & our needs and I have been happy with itI had to return this item because it didn't work right from the start.
I really wanted it to work too- it had all the features that I needed and I loved the price.
It doesn't pick up any interference even with 2 different wifi networks in the house (linksys and netgear) and it has seriously taken a beating.
It has been sat on, dropped on concrete, rained on- and this morning I even dropped it in a puddle while taking photos in my backyard!
I also feel like glass just gets "cleaner" than plastic ... that's probably not true, but the glass doesn't get scratched and cloudy like plastic, so the bottles seem more pristine to me!Of course, the best part about glass bottles is that glass is inert.
if you're short on money, just get the 8oz ones - you'll be holding the bottle when feeding a baby who can only consume smaller amount of milk, so no need to worry about the larger size for the babyThese are good basic bottles.
Basic and no frills, but solid and sturdy.
Glass bottles are fantastic- they're the absolute best for preserving your milk, easy to boil and sanitize, great price, and they can go in the dishwasher.
I would definitely have directly bottle fed my daughter with these, but she absolutely refused any bottle, that didn't look and feel more like mama.
It's absolutely perfect for these little bottlesWe used Avent with our first child, and had that for our daughter too.
However, she had a lot of issues with gas so we tried different bottles.
You'll be happy you got these and so will your babyI am usually against things made of plastic, even though those without BPA.
So I choose these bottles for my baby and so far so good.
I ordered some Dr. Brown standard nipples, hoping to fit the bottles wellthese are good quality, and do not leak (as long as the nipple is positioned properly over the bottle opening, which is so easy to do).
The only reason I don't use them anymore is my daughter is interested in holding her own bottle sometimes now and plastic is easier for her to hang onto because it's lighter.
I love the glass bottles though because they keep the milk cool longer, important when pumping at work and using one of those little coolers.
They're very sturdy - I've dropped them several times and they haven't cracked or chipped.
I highly recommend theseREALLY FAST FLOW.
I like how durable and easy to sterilize they are also replacement nipples are very affordable also.
I am happy with how sturdy they are and have no fear of breaking the glass at allI had trouble getting my breastfed baby to take an Avent bottle (which my first took beautifully) so I called the lactation consultants at the hospital to ask their advice.
They suggested the Evenflo classic bottles which are like these except plastic with the clear nipple.
It is true that I have not been careful enough, waiting for the necessary amount of time for the bottle to cool off before filling it with with cold milk.
These however, are very easy to clean and SMELL clean!
I didn't like the nipples it came with, so I bought NUK regular nipples to go with them, it fit perfect and my son liked it !
I saw reviews that said the medela nipples went along with it too, but I prefer nuk since I have found it is less confusing for my son (since I Breast feed and bottle feed)I got the 4oz pack of 3 for about $5 at target and that's enough for me, I recently purchased the 8oz 3pack from babiesrus for 6.99... GREAT BUY OVER ALLMy baby still has a tiny tummy, so these small bottles work well for the amount of pumped milk he can drink at night.
I know it's super easy to buy plastic bottles, toys, cups, even some lotions have plastic in them.
My daughter is not a picky gal, she's extremely easy going, so it didn't surprise me she took to these just fine.
They clean up nicely in the dishwasher, and I just bought a large glass "milk" bottle for mixing and keeping extra formula in.They're solid bottles, heavier than her plastic ones.
They are easy to clean and not too heavy, but still strong enough to freeze/thaw multiple times.
I think if they redid their molding it might be a little nicer to read.
So I pump into the plastic so I can easily see a measurement then I transfer it into hereThese bottles are super good quality.
Much healthier for babies, less expensive, and easier to clean than plastic bottles.
However, comparing to highier quality glass bottles like lifefactory these break so easilyThese are a great price when you compare them to others online or at the store.
They are just what we neededEven flo is a good product but there are other brands out there.
I like that they are glass (BPA free), easy to clean and very affordableI use a ghetto-rigged method to allow me to pump hands-free without shelling out the $$$ for a hands-free bra...
They will un-stick after 24 hours - so if you use these to store milk, you will need to use that milk after 24 hours.So these bottles are ok as far as functionality - the nipples work OK for our babies and they are cheap, sturdy, not easy to break - but I prefer the plastic ones (Evenflo and Gerber both make a BPA free plastic version very similar to this)We got these with silicon nipples, not latex - they are available!
It's a boring looking skinny nipple but seems to be my babies' favorite - we tried some pricier bottles as well as different nipples for these, but the nipples these came with work best for usConcerned about the chemicals in plastic bottles?
Glass bottles are so much easier to clean, and so much easier to run through the dishwasher.
I now have these in 4 oz and 8 oz sizesFirst off, I really appreciate the fact that these bottles are made of glass, as opposed to plastic.
I would be willing to give them another try though with our next childThese bottles have been perfect for us.
We haven't had any trouble with the nipples, and we're currently using the Stage 2 (3-6 months) size.We love these bottles and their classic design.
I wasn't even using the high heat (sanitizing) option!Oh well... good thing we intend to use these bottles primarily for the storage of expressed breast milk.
I use John Lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with an quilted absorbing pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
They're large enough to nearly cover an entire crib sheet, and they're easy to clean.
This pad is so easy to put on and take off the mattress.
It fits a standard crib mattress PERFECTLY, and lays nice and flat.
Oh, and compared to many mattress pads that cost up to $19.99 each- this pad is a super deal!I was so pleased with this product that I'd buy it all over again- and I will.
GrrrrrrI like this mattress pad cover b/c it's much easier to put on than the Evenflo one I have.
My 5 month old daughter's diaper has leaked a couple of times overnight and the mattress stayed dry, that's all I needMy son used his "Kid-Ding fitted mattress cover" for over a year.
About the same size, one is a Kid-Ding FLAT mattress cover and the other is a Kid-Ding FITTED mattress cover.I wasted my money cause I couldn't return it once I opened it and realized the one I got at the storeWaterproof Crib & Toddler Bed Pad - 27 x 50 - Whitedidn't have a fitted skirt to wrap around the mattress!
I tried to make the best of that one, but it was AWFUL!
This one is a fitted mattress cover by the same company and is just PERFECT!
It stays put and makes slipping on the crib sheet so much easier!!!
Just don't scrub really hard when you spot clean it, because I noticed a lot more &#34;wear and tear&#34; from that.
It is super easy to install!
sometimes, but I was on maternity leave so I didn't really mind the work cause bottle were occasional and I could always switch to BF if I needed to.
My good friend is pregnant and I gave her these as part of her shower gift.
I feel they are closer to a real breastfeeding experience and these should come with the bottlesthese are the only nipples my baby will take, besides mommy's.
He didn't really take a bottle well until he was weaned.
When super hungry he can chug a 4 1/2 oz bottle in 5 minutes with the slow flow latex version.
Also after using these nipples my LO would tend to be extra rough and pulled at my boobiesMy baby is breast fed and I needed to start pumping and bottle feeding before heading back to work after 12 wks of maternity leave.
We tried over 8 different nipples and bottle types.
They are no where to be found in the stores so I was happy to find them here on Amazonwe tried these nipples after using the Nuk orthodontic latex nipples because we needed to step up the flow and Nuk doesn't make their nipples in anything other than a slow flow (at least, i couldn't find them if they do).
we found that our son preferred something he could put his whole mouth around, as it would more closely resemble nursing.
They have great flow that doesnt leak yet the baby doesnt collapse the nipple from extreme sucklingExtend the life of your Avent's product.Now, I can continue to use all the Avent bottlesUsed it for more than 4 months and still as good as new.
The quality is really good.Got it together with thishttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00433OQO6/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00433OQO6&linkCode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20Bought this for my little baby, who seems to like it much.
Very good quality material.
I just wish they were a little cheaper since you have to buy so many of them in such quick successionI really like Avent's versatility; the nipples, spouts, cups, bottles and handles can all be used interchangeably.I don't like the way they classify their nipples.
Happily using it in our homeThis is a good bottle nipple which of course fits the phillips avent bottles.
But despite the need to periodically replace them, they are a good nipple and I haven't had any other issues with themAny bottle nipple, no matter the hole size, is going to be too fast for a breastfed baby - even this one at first.
Popping the lid on and off the Avent bottles is also another easy thing compared to MAM.
Yes, he drinks really really fast by using size 3, but he dripped three times more than when he's using size 2 nipples.
I wish they made slower flow nipples because I really do like the bottlesI am the Grandmother to 2 infants and 1 toddler.
No excess gas is produced, no bags to fuss with and have to toss away, clean up is simple just as mixing the formula is simple.
I love AventI used the Phillips bottles when my son was still drinking from bottles and bought some of these extra nipples as the others eventually wore outMy baby likes these nipples, and they actually work better than the Newborn nipples.
I highly recommend theseGreat product.
However, I can't go above three stars for this particular component of the system.I've noticed that this size ("fast flow" / four-holes / 6+ months) tend to wear out and break before the end of its service life.
They are variable, numbered 1,2,&3.
These are also a lot thicker than normal nipples, they are of a higher quality but they only fit avent bottlesMy granddaughter is eating baby food now, but for the more runny foods, I find it much easier to mix the food with formula & give it to her in a bottle.
This nipple works great, because as she is nursing, I can simply turn the bottle to the best spot for the perfect flow.
The Slow flow is a good flow for babies that are both bottle fed and breast fed.
These were good for a few weeks until we inadvertently bought the new Avent Natural Flow bottles.
Who knew there were slightly different sized nipples.
This slow flow nipple helps her work at getting the milk similar to when she's nursingSo I do really like our Avent Classic Bottles, even with the 5 parts and the occasional leak.
Avent is a stellar brand that I have purchased time and time againTHEY ARE I WAS I SPECTED, GOOD QUALITY, GOOD PRESENTATION, PERFEECT PRICE, GOOD FOR CHILD AND GOOD FOR BABIES FROM 9 MONTHSI've tried a few different bottles for feeding my children who are also breast fed.Avent seems to work the best for me.The low flow means that baby still loves to feed &#34;direct from the source&#34; but is shaped in a way that there doesn't seem to be any nipple confusion.They clean very easily.
I usually hand wash with mild detergent and hot water though I also put them in the dishwasher on occasionEverywhere else sales these for almost $10 each!The newborn (one hole) size is perfect for breastfeeding babies.
The replacements seem to be holding up better than the originalsThe avent nipples are our babies favorite, 6 months flows really fast, the 3 month (3hole) is what we still use at her 6 months.
Sometimes I oblige depending on how loud he is and how tired I am.But these are easy to clean and switch out too.
To be fair, other brands we've tried are still to fast for her.
We need to stop and go with her otherwise she spills all over herself or chokesWe introduced a bottle to my son when he was 3 weeks old.
When that happened, the baby would refuse to drink anymore and it was really frustrating.
Just be mindful of itThese nipples work great with all of the avent bottles I own.
I love the playtex dropins bit more expensive overall but I have NEVER had a leak, plus clean up is a snap if you are a VERY busy mom like myself!Best of luck on bottle feedingvery good product this brand offers quality products and have bought several for baby products sincerely recommend this brand, it is best for babies and childrenWe brought these nipples based on all the raving reviews and write up's online.
We tried so many different nipples and even tried to cut a bigger whole in other nipples and the flow was too fast.
Very satisfied with the product, Right now moving towards sippy cups, good luck with thatGood product, usefull!!!
Buy it if you are looking for quality to your life; soft and easy to use itI purchased these because the regular nipples on my wide-neck Dr. Brown bottles have too fast of a flow for my 3 week old (side note: these fit the Dr. Brown's wide-neck bottles perfectly).
He normally uses the size 3 classic nipples.
They are easy to use and easy to clean.
It was easy to switch my son from Dr. Browns to thisThis bottle nipple is great in quality and all, come on it is just that, good flow!
Philips avent medium flow for 6 months was such a big help, she start to drink fastI love all avent products,so easy and wonderful cant go wrong with them.They are just the best.Highly recommend to all mommy out thereI have been using the Nuby Feeding Set, the bottle with the Nuby set is what I have been using to feed my 5 month old who is currenlty eating 5 tubs a day of baby food.
These allow for the perfect flow, they have a I, II, III on the nipple which you can decide what flow works for best for your little one.
These nipples are interchangable with the entire Avent Classic line so I just use a 9oz bottle and fill it with the tub of baby food and 2 to 4 ounces of formula and my baby is happy as can be.
I can't say enough about these nipples and the Avent line, wonderful productI have used Avent nipples for all 3 of my kids.
They are a great product at a great price on Amazon especially if you can get the free shippingThis is my son's favorite bottle because it's easier for him to hold.
The variable flow really works.
I ended having to use a different brand entirely.
Now though at almost four months my little guy taked this nipple like a champWe've been using Avent bottles/nipples since my daughter was born two years ago, and been very happy with the quality.
Their customer service is also fantasticMy son is breastfed and sometimes takes a bottle of pumped milk when i am away...the variable flow nipples seem to flow the same no matter which side you hold it on (I,II or III).
I have used the other nipples (1, 2,3) and the flow seems to be slower than the variable.
Milk just goes everywhere ....i think i will hold off on using the variable flow nipples until he is a bit older....great concept, they just didn't work as great as i thought they wouldMy husband installed these on every piece of furniture that could tip in our house.
They are easy enough to unhook when you need to move something, but they hold well.
They are easy to install and give me so much more peace of mind knowing that if my kiddo were to climb up the bookcase or his dresser- they are secured to the wall and couldn't fall and crush himWorks alright.
These worked much better and holdWe purchased these straps for four bookshelves lined up on a wall just a bit longer than the shelves.
These looked like the best and sturdiest option while also remaining slightly flexible.
In addition, they are bulky and white, making them very noticeable eyesores.
There are much less cumbersome safety straps out thereVery sturdy hardware, easy to use, everyone should have these.
We strapped everything in the house to the walls and found these straps to be easy to use.
Buy them, use them, prevent serious injuryThese straps come with easy to follow instructions.
This is ridiculousThese were easy to install and I don't see how a piece of furniture with two of these could fall over - without taking the wall studs with it.
I especially liked that the furniture half and the wall half come apart for installation, makes life much easier.
I didn't need to predrill either (I know you're supposed to, but most of us don'tI purchased several different types of anti tip furniture straps, this was the most expensive, but seemed very sturdy.
I used both straps for a very large piece of furnitureBe aware when purchasing that the photo shows 8 but there are really 8 pairs if you order that selection.That's twice what we needed but they are super sturdy and the hardware is excellent.I'm only dinging it because of the misleading photoThese might have worked better if I had bought different screws.
We ended up buying 2 more sets of these since they're much better than the stuff that usually comes with the furniture (& definitely much better than the ikea standard ones).
Much easier & much more secureWas able to secure a 6 foot bookcase without any issues.
Straps seemed sturdy.
If you want them flush to the wall, you need to install the wall piece well below the piece attached to the unit (several inchesThey work really well.
Husband says they were easy to install and didn't take that long.
However, these come in handy since most little ones are big into climbingI bought 3 types of furniture straps so that I could compare them.
This one is the best!!
Well madeThis is a wonderful gate when you have your hands full, as I often do.
We've used gates for years with our pets, and this is by far superior to any others we've used.
We actually went out and bought a second gate when we saw how great they areSo I really like that this gate is a walk through and doesn't have to be screwed into the wall.
It seems like now a gate that installs permanently would have been a better choice, but I got it for my mom's house so she can just put it up while we're in town and take it down for the rest of the yearI thought it would be a breaze having a hands-free gate.
Turns out, I like the one I have at the top of the stairs much better.
My 2 gates arrived in one day with prime shipping!This really is the best doorway gate you can buy.
Very sturdy, easy to install, even comes with a wrench!
I have had several other gates (ones I bought and hand-me-downs) and this is by far the best because 1)it stays open when you don't need it (like when kids are napping) - i used to have to tie my other one open!
This one was a breeze, as long as it is tight, it works, latching perfectly in both places.I have the older version of this gate and it is much better than the newer version.
Great gate for younger children/petsGood:-Easy to open with one hand.-Works great for keeping the dog out of the nursery.-Really like the pressure mounting, easy to install.Bad:-Gate creeksWe put it in a doorway that we walk through constantly, I can open it with no hands (i.e.
looks nice, easy to install, keeps out the dog and the baby inFantastic gate extremely easy to install.
it's a tall gate so i don't worry about her going over it at all and it takes force to push the step down but easy to do.
I had tried several other gates and was not happy at all with any of themNice and sturdy!
It has hands-free opening so its good when you have your hands full like I always do.
It looks nicer then some of the other gates on the market.We still have this years later and got a second one when we moved.
So I wouldn't recommend itWe needed a sturdy gate at the top of our stairs that was pressure mounted because we had to mount it on both sides to our wood balusters.
It is extremely sturdy, doesn't move in the slightest (and we use it ALL day long), and is well built.
It's also easy to assemble and install.
I highly recommend this gate!
Very sturdy and easy to open.
I will definitely get another one if I need one for my other roomsThis gate is very simple to install, but time-consuming to get the perfect fit.
I'd say it took me a solid half an hour the first time.
I have found that if I get my foot too close to that bar when operating the foot pedal, I get a good pinch.I am using the gate in a doorway and the door is able to close normally.
When I removed the gate from the hall there was damage to the wall under one of the top braces - it removed paint and textureWe love this sturdy, easy gate.
Now I wanted another pressure-mounted, hands-free gate for our toddler and this is the product I immediately thought of purchasing.I was extremely disappointed when I received the gate and realized that there is no longer a ramp to help prevent tripping over the lower bar.
I wish The First Years product manager would reconsider including the ramp with this gateThe hands-freeness of this gate makes me so happy.
It's the best gate I've ever owned- and I've gone through a LOT of gates!!
It is so easy to install- did it myself and I'm not usually good at putting things together.
We really didn't want to have a situation where the electronics might fail (or just need new batteries), so this gate was the winner.
It took minutes to install and it couldn't be easier to use (I was weary of the foot petal at first).
I would prefer they made two models so you're not left with a small opening while walking through a larger hall.Otherwise - it's THE gate to have for non-stair situationsI purchased this gate when my son was learning to crawl ... as stuck it on the bathroom door frame to keep him out - it was wonderful!
He learned to pull himself up with this gate, and I feel like it is extremely sturdy.
I love that when guests came over, the bathroom door would still shut, and they all loved that it was so easy to use.
This gate now is on our baby's door frame to keep 2 year old big brother out during nap time, but still let mommy hear when the baby needs her.
This is a wonderful gate, and I would (and do) recommend it to anyone!
We have used it for over 2 years now, and still love itWe've had two of these gates for six months and have been almost 100% happy with them.
Based on our experience and reading many reviews before deciding which gate to buy, it is my sense that for the price, most people are very happy with this gate.
You might be able to spend double or triple and get THE PERFECT GATE, but really this one will probably do for about everyone.
However, our child tends to be the investigative type and has thus far made no progress learning to open the gate.
This seems to be a good, decent popular working gate for most people and needs.
I recommend itWe've tried at least three different gates in different doorways and entrances, and this one's by far the best.
It really is hands-free to open.
I was surprised how nice they looked once they arrived.
Being able to utilize a step to unlatch the gate is very nice to have, seeing as our kid or some other object seems to be in our hands every time we go up and down the stairs.However, we required two extensions on each of the gates we purchased in order to get to the appropriate width for our staircases so I would recommend making sure you measure your stairs before ordering this gate and the necessary extensionsThis gate was very easy to put up and is very sturdy.
The gate is sturdy comfy and attractive as well which is important in my house, most of all seems very safe.
I highly recommend this product for all parent who have dogs in their house no matter what size they are.I would be giving it 5 stars if I had this gate longer, but couldnt wait to post the great review after purchasing it and seeing how great my dogs are adapting to itThis hands-free gate works when you step down on the foot paddle which causes a latch to open.
The gate is fairly easy to install (a necessary slim wrench is included in the box) and requires no screws or glue.
The gate provides good protection.
When properly installed, it provides solid protection, although (important!)
Also, over time the gate tends to bend a little, so you should use the little wrench-like tool to adjust it when necessary.In short, a very good gate for keeping kids out of a certain room.
It is easy to install and works great.
This is certainly worth the extra moneyThis product is a lot different from other baby gates because of the &#34;hand free&#34; foot pedal at the bottom used to open the gate.
Nice and sturdy, thoughSo we had a little bit of an interesting situation.
It was barely used for the good part of that year, left open most of the time.
Right before we moved in, my daughter ran into the gate (wasn't hurt, thank goodness) but it broke apart.
Sorry, but this was a waste of moneyvery good gate the only down fall is that it is only hands free gate if the mobile home or house or apartment is leveled other than that it is perfect and hand free and easy to install and it is alot harder to knock down than other baby gates my daughter could never knock this gate down no matter how hard she tried even when she was a year in a half she would stand on it and lean on it and it still wouldn't fall so it is all round a very good gateEasy to install, user friedly, props open while they're asleep, truly hands free.
We have had two of these for three years now and they are still in perfect conditionVery good gate and easy to open with your foot stepping on it.
The kickstand takes a bit of pressure to release, but it's good to have, because my son can't accidentally push it down and open the gate.The gate area is smaller than an average to walk through, but it's not too bad.Out of all the gates we have had we like the Hands Free gate the best.
It would be the only gate we purchase only if it could a bigger areaThis gate is so much easier to open than the other top-latch gate we have.
I really like it a lotIt's decent for the price until you find that it doesn't fit a regular sized hallway and have to spend another $20 for the extension.
It's odd at first to get used to the foot petal but once you get used to it, it's a lifesaver!
Sooo worth the money since these things can be used for yearsI bought two much cheaper gates before buying this one and really wish I would have just bought this one to begin with.
It is well worth the money and doesn't fall down when pushed against and the floor handle works really well when my hands are full.
Although it's so sturdy, if there wasn't the rule about needing to be hardware mounted it would work for stairs.
In order to open the gate you have to have a good amount of leg strength that I wouldn't anticipate younger kids havingWe have a pretty wide door frame.
Plus you need to use your hand to close it back or else your cat is going to take the opportunity to run inAfter trying 3 different gates (that all had high ratings on Amazon), this wasn't my favorite - but is still a good gate.
I just preferred some of the features of the others.
I turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one I wanted, so here's my take on three different gates.I think they are all pretty good gates, it just depends on your situation and what features you're looking for.
I'm 5'8" and I felt like I was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so I wouldn't end up bumping it every time.
For me it just wasn't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width.- Good height to the gate.- It was very sturdy in my doorway.- This one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor.- Fits only up to 34" doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension.- All that being said, if you really want a hands free gate, and the width of the gate opening doesn't bug you, try this one.Kidco Center Gateway:---------------------cost $85 & extensions $24 / gate is 29.5" Tall / fits 29.25" to 37.5" doorway width / 1" bar to step over / gate opening 22"- Has the widest gate opening (the space you walk thru, not the doorway that it fits into) of any of them - about 22".
(Child safety gates 8/04)- Unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.- I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.- It's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller.- All in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included / gate is 36" Tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"- This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal.- The gate opening is about 19" - which I thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.- The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.- It does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.- However, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
I also just like the way the taller gate looks.- It does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2".- If if fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.All three gates seemed to:- Fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly.
We returned this for the North State Industries easy close gate, which we loveWe still had to use hands to open be/c hitting it with your knee hurts.
Also the plastic foot peddle started to warp after a few months of useNot only is this gate incredibly easy to install and incredibly sturdy, but it is also great for pets.
It's a wonderful, well thought-out productWe love this gate, it is so easy to install.
The gate was so easy to put together and fits perfectly at the entrance of her bedroom door.
They are WONDERFULThis is probably the best gate I've had so far.
I really like the hands free foot peddle.
So far we are extremely happy with this gate.
So far we are very satisfied customers and my husband can walk straight through the opening so the width meets our needs better than I anticipatedWe got this gate because we recently got 2 puppies, and have gated off all areas of our house so that they don't run all around the house causing havoc.
Only complaints: I wish the opening was larger, it isn't huge- but to be fair, the description does give dimensions.
For one large opening I used the SuperYard Gate, which is a decent all-plastic telescoping gate with permanent-mounting rails, and for the other I used the First Years hands-free with a single extension.
After seeing how secure the First Years was, and how incredibly east it was to install the extensions, even though I'm happy with the SuperYard Gate, I wish I had bought two First Years Hands-Free,The operation is really cool -- you step on a pedal, and knee the thing open.
This is easy to do, and I found that when I tightened it up as the instructions indicated, the good fit of the latch became excellent even with a slightly-irregular-from-vertical door post.- the opening might be a little narrow compared to some other gates; it took a bump or two on my calf to get the hang of, nothing terribly difficult or painful.- the extension might not be necessary if you have an opening that's right on the cusp of the suggested 29-34" door opening; if you have an opening right around the maximum, I'd recommend installing it without the extension first to avoid having to make a return for a possible un-needed extension.
Since it swings open, if you want to use the gate in only one location, the portability isn't an issue.All in all, just about the coolest gate I've usedThis is a great gate over all--convenient, sturdy, etc.
I PLAN TO BUY MORE FOR THE REST OF THE HOUSEI really like this gate, it was easy to install and it looks great.
I highly recommend it but I also have metal door frames so I don't know if this would dent the wood in a regular door frame.
Though I think a small dent would be better than a screw holeI love how easy this gate is when walking through with my arms full of sleeping baby!
It takes a heavy step to open but it's truly baby ProofI like the look and feel of this gate and the concept that it's a "hands-free" design for opening, because let's face it--a gate that requires that you use your hands to open is worthless for a mom holding a baby.
It seems to be a pretty solid construction, and for a tension gate, it actually holds pretty well.
HA!There are definitely some downsides to it, but it has been serving us well as a dog and baby gate for close to two years now.Pros:- Hands-free opening- Clean, simple, solid design- Ability to add extenders which work great for wide hallways (I use one on each side of the gate)- Tension-mount system so it's movable and you don't have to put holes in your walls.Cons:- Beware if you have painted your walls recently (Recent for us was maybe a few months prior).
So yeah, she's apparently a step ahead of all our visiting adults who can't open this thing.Despite the fact that she can open it from time to time, I still like this gate and it has really been an important feature in our home.
Even before she was crawling or walking, it was perfect for keeping our two big dogs confined to one side of the house.
If I had to purchase a replacement gate, I wouldn't hesitate to get another one of theseI really love this gate.
easy to use, and easy to install.
This is also very sturdy.
my wild son can't tear it down, I loved it so much I bought one for my mom's house too.enjoyMy 22 month old can open doors but still can't open this gate!
Grandparents love it too, ended up buying them one as wellWe use this gate with one extension and it works perfect for keeping my very large 1 yr old (~30 lbs) out of the kitchen while cooking.
No complaints after 3 months of useShe said it was easy to install, she had to do it her self because her hunny was in Iraq.
She has a very hyper golden retriever.Perfect for protecting your baby from many diffetant thingsI really really like this gate.
It was easy to install and so far seems to be holding up very well.
My only concern is whether it will last over time because we get so much traffic in our house and you do have to use a good bit of &#34;push&#34; to release and open the gate each time.
So this gate seemed like the perfect idea.
It's sturdy and attractive, easy enough to open even if your arms are full of toys, laundry, children... but not so easy my girls were able to figure it out (again, we only had it 9 days though!).
I'm giving it 3 stars because I think it will work awesome if you don't have those moldings, and if you can think of a good way to fill the gap if you do (I'm thinking maybe zip-tying the wood to the base?)
We also have another gate that is a slightly different The First Years model than this.
But the primary entrance/exit to our house is via the kitchen, so we needed something easy to open with your hands full.
Baby hangs all over it and I don't see how she would ever be strong enough to press down on the pedal herself and open it, you really do need to press hardThere are so many pros, so few cons to this gate.
We bought two of them and they were relatively easy to install and had been very effective at keeping our rambunctious 2 year old out of the kitchen and hallway.
I contacted the manufacturer and their customer support was very good!
Makes you really thinkThis gate is really a great product.
I love the fact that you don't have to hardware mount the gate (no drilling into the doorways required), and it's still very sturdy.
It was incredibly easy to install, and is very safe and secure.
But all in all, it's totally worth itThe gate is decent construction, and the lever has enough weight where only an adult can open it.
The mounts aren't sturdy.This gate only fits in our doorways, and this is with the extensions maxed-out to their maximum length.
After several frustrating attempts at finding a decent gate (including resultant trips back to the baby store for refunds/exchanges), we finally bought this foot-pedal operated gate (with 2 extensions) and it works awesome.
It's absolutely the nicest gate we have ever bought.
I only wish they made a hardware-mounted version for the tops of stairwaysWell I wasn't happy with this compared to another brands I purchased.
The gate works great in the upstairs hallway, but we'll still need to buy a different gate at some point if we want the baby to have access to our roomI am very pleased with this gate, we have it at the top of our stairs and it works great.
I am guessing that the people who say their infant has figured out how to do that must have super babies.
I am very pleased with this product.
The slates are wide enough for my cats to fit through as well, ok well one of them the other one is too dumb to figure that part out so she just sits there until someone opens the gateThis is hands down a fabulous baby gate.
We have a toddler who has outsmarted several other gates, and this one is incredible sturdy and well-made, we will be buying more of this style if we are blessed with another child!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDThis is a great gate in both functionality and aesthetics.
And easy to installI was fortunate to find two of these gates with two extensions each at a second hand baby store for 20 dollars each.
I am very disapointed and I think its odd that they sent a tube of neosporin.
You have to do two things to open the gate -- push down on the foot pedal while pushing the gate forward, but because you can do these without your hands, it is perfect for when you are carrying your little one in your arms.
So I went by the reviews on amazon and chose this gate and I must say the reviews are very accurate.Pluses:- It took no time at all to install and it was pretty self explanatory (about 5-10 minutes)- It is completely safe (no accidents here)- It actually looks very nice so there's no dilemma between child proofing and baby safety- It's hands free when you don't have an extra hand- It stays very well- It's sturdy and baby can't get in/out- The foot pedal is super tight so there's no way your baby can learn how to open/close- There's no cause for concern of little fingers getting caught- Children may find it actually fun to open/closeAfter one month of use I'm happy to report that there are NO CONS!
Can't think of a better looking gate to put all around the houseI LOVE this gate and would buy it again.
I like how it swings open both ways, opens with a foot pedal so it's hands free, and is incredibly sturdy though it's pressure-mounted.
Instead, I mounted the gate in the doorway of our baby's nursery, and it is working out GREATThis gate is a great asset, especially if you have pets.
This gate is the best.
It's truly hands free and child proof.
The pedal operation is ingenious, so much easier to open with your foot when you've got your hands full.
It works but it doesn't stay on as good as the Boogin Head Pacifier Clips.
It's super cute but I wouldn't recommend this as a sturdy pacifier clip.
All four points where the gate touches the wall are different depth and I also used the extension kit and it works perfectly.
It was easy to install, easy to use, and has stood up to the abuse of being used in a school classroom.
It is much more sturdy than previously used wood gates.
The item may be a little more expensive, but the quality is well worth itEasy to use, easy to install and it has so many different options of installation (extensions, y-spindles, stairway adaptors) and all were easy to figure out.
Even my 60 plus mother said it was easy to figure out how to use it without any instruction.
Really liked how the bottom "supports" that press against the wall were flat on the bottom edge so they lay against the floor better.
But managed without themI was happy to find a gate that works for us.
the gate is so simple in design and it's perfect for our place.
They were fairly easy to install even though the instructions weren't that clear.
Once I got it all together I was very surprised at how sturdy the gates were.
Like this product and would purchase againAfter trying 3 different gates (that all had high ratings on Amazon), this is my favorite.
I turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one I wanted, so here's my take on three different gates.I think they are all pretty good gates, it just depends on your situation and what features you're looking for.
(Child safety gates 08/04)- Unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.- I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.- It's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller.- All in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included / gate is 36" Tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"- This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal.- The gate opening is about 19" - which I thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.- The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.- It does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.- However, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
I also just like the way the taller gate looks.- It does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2".- If it fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.First Years - Hands-Free Gate-----------------------------cost $50 & extensions $15 / gate is 32" Tall / fits 29"-34" doorway width / 1.5" bar to step over / gate opening 17"- My gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17" wide!
I'm 5'8" and I felt like I was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so I wouldn't end up bumping it every time.
For me it just wasn't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width.- Good height to the gate.- It was very sturdy in my doorway.- This one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor.- Fits only up to 34" doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension.- All that being said, if you really want a hands free gate, and the width of the gate opening doesn't bug you, try this one.All three gates seemed to:- Fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly.
An appropriate price for the quality would be around $50.PROS:-Adjustable size-Door swings both in both directions-Door is pretty easy to open-Pressure-mounted (no damage to walls)CONS:-You have to lift the door as you open it.
This gets to be a bit of a pain-Not as sturdy as a hardware-mounted gate... it loosens over time so you do need to take minute to tighten it up periodically.Other reviewers have commented that the bar across the bottom is annoying.
Also, when walking through, when you turn to close and push down, sometimes the plastic didn't go under the red tab, totally defeating the purpose of the gateThis gate is much better than most on the market.
Another thing about this gate that I like is the flexibility offered by the availability of extensions -- it is possible to mount this gate pretty much anywhere needed.
Overall, I am happy with this purchaseI would highly recommend this gate!
Secure latch (I have a 3 year old and an 11 month old, and my 3 year old can open a different gate we have, and sometimes forgets to shut it.
Ease of installation (seriously, this was a very easy install requiring no additional tools)Things I would improve:1.
the booklet has instructions in several different languages in the front, and then referneces pictures that are in the back of the book.
I understand why they did it (1 set of pictures for several different languages), but it would be nice to have the corresponding pictures located on the same page as the instructions.All in all I would definately recommend this gate to anyoneThis is the second Kidco product I have purchased.
Let me start by saying that their products are some of the safest out there and I have every confidence in the security of the gates I have installed.
Each of these tension screws are completely separate from one another (which is good design because it allows installation over uneaven surfaces).
!Unfortunately, you will find that Kidco often makes the best products for this kind of thing but they sure do cut corners on the little stuff that would make a parent's life a LOT easierVery pleased with this gate.
It was easy to install even with the extension we needed to buy with it.
It was still easy to install and it is truly pressure mounted - we did not need to put holes in our walls.
We installed this at the bottom of our stairs, one step up.Pros:*This is a very sturdy gate.
I'd always seen other Mum's and Dad's using them when we were out and about but always thought they'd be really uncomfortable.Well, I finally bought one and tried it with the birth of my 3rd child, (Mainly because I couldn't convince my eldest daugther, 3, to give up her seat in our double pram!)
I've used it for short and long periods (all day) of time and haven't had any problems.What I love about the Baby Bjorn carrier is that it's so easy to use alone.
It's easy to strap on, pick up your baby, strap him or her in and off you go.
It's also really easy to get the baby out again.
The buckles and fasteners are easy to use and adjust as needed.My son loves it - he sleeps in it, or looks around as we walk along.
For the first few weeks we couldn't use it because my baby's head flopped around too much, even when the carrier was tightened to its maximum head tightness (and our son is a big baby).
I'm fine for about 20 minutes to a half hour, but after that I'm constantly tugging at the straps and trying to evenly distribute the weight.For this reason, I'm looking into getting the Bjorn Active which appears to have better padding.
Your shoulders are carrying the weight of your child in this carrierI got this carrier as a baby shower gift and it has been truly a great gift.
Anyhow, it is wonderful!
the new 2003 model is so easy to put on, and even my 6'4&quot; 260lb hubby LOVES it, and thinks it is really comfy.
It also makes my life easy with my two little ones - my toddler is in the stoller, and the baby is in the baby bjorn - and i don't get tired of it no matter how long or far we end up walking.
It truly is a life saver!!!
Must HaveI really wanted a soft carrier, and the Bjorn had great reviews... but it's pricey.
(If they only lived with us...)No matter how much of a fusspot he is being, putting him in the Bjorn almost always makes him happy.
I keep it in the basket of my stroller when we go for walks, so if he starts wailing (as he usually does after about 2 miles) I can switch him to the Bjorn and he will be happy until we are home.He started teething early and one great thing about the Bjorn is it puts something soft and squishy right at mouth level for him to chew on.
It would be nice if there were some way transfer the baby from person to person without removing him from the Bjorn, but doing so would probably make the carrier a lot less secure.The longest I have ever walked using this carrier is about 1 1/2 miles.
Before he was born, I really thought this would be great for nice, long, arm swinging walks, but it hasn't really worked out that way.
Also, his hands get really cold, I think because the top edge of the carrier cuts into his armpits and cuts off circulation.
It doesn't happen if the top flap is fasted over his shoulders, but he likes to have his arms free and doing that restricts his arms.I haven't tried any other soft carriers to compare this to, but I did get a Maya Wrap sling.
I really like how the carrier allows me to have my baby close, be arms free, yet still feel my baby is safe and supported.It would be nice if they made the regular carrier with just slightly longer straps.
This size works just fine for both my husband and I, but I really find it annoying how you have to pay so much extra for just two more inches of material if you and your spouse are very different in size.One more sort of so-so point about this is, they say you can use it for nursing, but I can't understand why you would want to.
At home with a new baby, I really love using this around the house.
He loves the feeling of being next to my body and almost always falls asleep when he's in itThis baby carrier was the best investment I made for my sanity!
It is much easier than tip toeing and reaching.Tho it is sturdy, it is also lightweight enough that my 2 year old son can move it into position in front of the toilet or the sink.
We also use it as a door stop to keep the bathroom door open.Very multi functionalThis is the perfect size!
It also has a really nice rubber top so it's not slippery as well as rubber grip on the bottom so it's not sliding around on the tile floorsThis step stool has wonderful grip on the floor!
Very sturdy, we are happy with the stoolsbut in spite of some of the obvious flaws (as mentioned in detail by other reviewers) this stool has actually been perfect for us.
Looks good.
Now that she has become interested in the potty though, she has taken it into the bathroom and left it in front of the potty permanently.
So, quality gets 5 stars, size only gets 3 stars as it really needs to be wider and longer to be a sturdy step baseOrdered this product about 5 days ago.
It is durable, sturdy and is a companion for my 2 year old.
She seems to take it all around the house (even climb up the sofa from the armrest side) just to go up the sofa.It has been very easy to have the young gal adapt to using it.
oh wellThis worked perfect for using the potty and for using the sink.
I bought it for him to reach the toilet, but it makes it's rounds all around the house all day so I'm getting more than my money's worthI use it as a stool and it's nice.
But I guess it will be hard to clean the topSturdy, easy for my 2-yr old to move around, and it doesn't slip when she's on it.
I just wish it was slightly taller (like 2&#34;) but otherwise it's perfectVery modern looking.
And my decor a good fit.
Now the child is still too smallThis stool is the perfect height, good quality,and reasonably priced.
This worked perfect in our guest bathroom where standing on top of a rag is well support.
It's also a lot nicer looking after it's been used a while because the black rubber on the top wears so nicely.
I'm very pleasedNice, sturdy, attractive step.
I'm very confident in the stability of the step stool and if my kids fall off of it because they were careless or put all their weight on the very edge of a corner, well, then they'll learn to balance better next time.Even with the premium price, I highly recommend it and I would purchase it againMy 2.25 year old daughter loves standing on this in the bathroom and it seems very sturdy and safe.
I would tell anyone this is the nicest one I have every used.
We really like that it has the non skid rubbery traction on the top and the legs so it's a little more stable.
It is light but strong and sturdy.
In fact, we know we need more when we see them carry these around from room to room!Why do we keep buying these?-HEIGHT-Seems to be the perfect height to ensure a balance of safety and function.
My 28" 2 yo can use it to reach the water in the sink.-STURDINESS-These are incredibly sturdy.
Additionally, all corners are rounded.-DESIGN-They do not look as nice as wooden steps in my opinion but since they are plastic, they are easy to clean.
He can also get on and off this stool his self being that it is sturdy enough for that.
Great buysturdy, good quality, nice design.
It's very sturdy and even I've stood on it!
:) Simple, cute, and durableThis stool doesn't slip on our tile floor and is the perfect height!
It is well made and very sturdy.
Only the best for my grandbabiesLove the color and design.
Slip resistant and easy for my 2 year old to carry, but I needed it to be just an inch or so taller for him to reach the light switch and sink.
The top surface is nice, but the bottom needs more slide resistancenice product, works as describedI got this step stool in green to match my son's potty in his bathroom.
Too expensive and wouldn't purchase againI looked at the dimensions and thought it would work but another couple of inches would have really helped.
Height could be a bit taller but most are about the same heightThis stool has really good grips.
I would purchase this again for surewe really like this step stool.
its sturdy and well made.
It's nice and sturdy.
Very pleased with the productI ordered this stool for my son.
The turquoise color is really niceMy 2 yr old son likes to sit and stand on these stools.
But, I still give 5 stars because I don't fault the stool, it is sturdy and well made and looks nice.
I figure within the next year it will become the perfect sink stool, but until then I will have to use a higher kitchen stool for that.
Even with the stool, my daughter still can't reach the sink so we use this one for other purposesThis step is stylish and well made.
It is sturdy, nice-looking and serves the purpose - even though for some people it makes sense to buy a cheaper oneI used this for my sons potty training.
It has an attractive design and a non-slip grip on the bottom so there's no risk for falls.
They don't slip and I liked the color choices...I like clean white!
Excellent choice for step stool for childrenThis thing is light weight, easy to grab and move with a grippy top.
It is perfect to reach things that are just barely out of reach - like the top of cabinets with out me having to get out our heavy little step ladder.
This step is very well made, sturdy, and doesn't have any sharp edges to hurt the little ones.
Highly recommendThere are many steps, and I read around what makes a good step for kids.
It gets her to the perfect height and is very sturdy.
Overall we like itI like the non-slip surface and that it's lightweight and easy to carry/move around.
The color is exactly as pictured and I love the grippy top so she doesn't slipI was wanting something small and sturdy and this fits the bill!
My daughter doesn't feel too comfortable climbing down from bed (which actually might be a good thing, lol)...if it was a little higher it would have been perfect.
These are the easiest stools for my daughter to use.
And in the early potty training days she wasn't tall enough to reach the toilet with this either, so I think a taller size would just be really useful.
But regardless, this is a good reliable stool to have and looks nice.
Also doubles as a seat while you're bathing your kidI read a lot of the other lower reviews about it being over priced, it's just a step stool or the grip is bad or it tips over...........Did you buy the same product?This is a clean looking great stool with good traction and easy to use for little onesIt's a trusted brand which I would highly recommendWhen you pay a little more you get better qualityThis step stool is very nice and sturdy.
It is sturdy for my 19 month old, and is a good size for our small bathroom.
Perfect, just like the pottyIts sturdy and a good step.
This item stows away nicely, is sturdy yet lightweight and attractive enough.
The advantage for it is that your toddler can easily step on to it on their own.
Washes easy.
Very very sturdy!
It's sturdy and doesn't slide around.
This doesn't allow him to get on the "adult" toilet by himself nor can his feet touch when he's sitting on the adult toilet (which: (a) is bad for assisting him w/ #2 since it's better for him to plant his feet and "brace himself" rather than dangling his legs; and (b) this requires me to hold him still while he's sitting on the potty so he doesn't fall backwards or forwards).If you want a basic step stool there are cheaper ones out there that are just as good.If you have a young child, this isn't the best option.
He even leans dwn and says hi to the bear on it.The step is sturdy so he won't slip off of itThis step stool is the perfect size!
It is very sturdy and has no sharp edges.
The package says that it stays put no matter where the child steps on it - and it's true.
It's the perfect height for her to sit on (she is a tall 19-month old).
Highly recommendThis is a nice little stool.
At the same time, it's high enough to help a toddler get up on the couch or to the toilet.It has a nice rubberized top to prevent slipping, which is great when you have a little billy goat climbing up and down repeatedly or exploring its uses in unorthodox ways.
The green color is also very bright and fun, and the plastic shell seems easy to cleanvery sturdy grip to the floor.
It's easy for him to move around the kitchen to watch me while I'm cooking.
The simple design makes it so easy to clean and use.
I love how sturdy the design is.
My kids love it and so do II love this stool - extremely strong, yet lightweight.
Non-skid grip is on every surface that touches the floor - very sturdy.
Cleans easily with some spray cleaner and a paper towel, or toss it in the shower, and voila!
This stays very clean-looking.However, the thing I like the very best is the width to depth ratio - this is a nice, "fat" rectangle.
MUCH better than squatting or standing.
It's very sturdy & looks nice too.
My 2 year old son stands on it just fine & the non-slip top is fabulousSolid, nice quality.
Baby is too small to use it when potty but she figured out to use the stool to reach thingsThese cups have been perfect for my 1-year old son.
Not these - they are a larger size than most, very durable, don't leak at all & were very easy for my son use.
I dont think the water completely dries out of them so there is some residue that leaves it susceptible to mildewIn fact, the entire Avent feeding system, is perfect!
These have been the best so far.
However, these seem to hold up the best of any brand I've had.
I wasn't happy since the bottles are for my son.
I know it is meant for teething babies but I worry that when he chews on it it might hurt his teeth, it is that hardfor the most part we are using straw sippy cups but these are great for the last bottle of the nightI read wonderful things about these online, so I went out and got them.
She has managed to stay interested in them for a long time!
I had researched this product online first before buying and was under the impression that the beads were easy to see in the tail.
I just was a bit disappointed that they were different than what they were represented to be on the online informationMakes any car ride, just that much more quieterMy 4 month old loves these bugs!
This was one of our better purchases for such a small amount of moneyMy son loved these hanging on his infant carseat.
I didn't think much of them until just recently when he started grabbing for them, before that, he didn't really notice them.
I love the different colors patterns, etc.
My bugs are slightly different than the picture on here, but these look just as good.
Toys came in different colors then shown on the picture; but they look even nicer.
The bugs became his best friends - and mine too because, while he is busy with them in his bouncer or crib, I can spare time for some homeworkThese are great toys to entertain your new baby.
My kids loved to bat at these bugs and each bug makes a different noise tooWhen we reg for our twins i think we totaly forgot about cute practical things like these.
To keep on both sets of infant carseats My babies really like them and im so happy she got them for us.
They were perfect to attach to our car seat / baby carrier handle for baby to look at in the car or in the stroller.
The quality is not that great and my daughter really wasn't interested in them after 5 months or so, so the rattle and squeak element was really not that worthwhileMy daughter loves her bugs and has ever since she was born!
She really concentrates on them and it's great to have something so small and easily moved that she lovesMy son wasn't interested in these until he was maybe 3 or so months old, but then he loved them.
She can't really see the bugs when she is in the car being that the handle is pushed back.
Very happyThis is excellent!
You might want to double check that thoughIf you do your pumping outside of an office, like I do, you'll find that pumping in the car can be quite enjoyable.
I could have a faulty product but it's been too long to return itSo far I've only used mine in the car twice but the adapter works fine and it's really nice to be able to use it while travelingVery necessary and helpful part, would definitely recommend adding to your pumping bag if you're a working mom or find yourself traveling often.
Make the pumping experience way better.
Mobility means a lot when you need to pump regularly but don't want to stay home all the timeIt was so wonderful to have this adapter so that I could pump in the car while my husband was driving.
Big fan with my hour commute to work or for family car trips to family- pump and drive and more time with daddy and baby when I walk in the door at homeIf you're a busy mom and don't have a lot of time OR you spend a lot of time in the car this is a must have.
Pleased with my purchase as it makes life much easier for pumping on the goGood price for such a convenience!
I also bought the Medela sanitary wipes to clean the breast sheids since there was no sink near by.
I do pump and exclusively breastfeed but I now realize I really don't think there is ever a time where I would need to pump in the carI rented a hospital pump, the Medela Symphony, with the hope of pumping at work and on the road.
I purchased this lighter adapter to go with the pump, and so far it works really well.
I haven't noticed a decrease in power, and being able to pump in the car has really kept me pumping longer than I had originally plannedI chuckled the first time I saw this car adapter but after reading reviews I thought that this might be something that would really make my life easier.
I was going to give up on pumping when I went back to work but my hour commute each way will be the perfect time to pump at least two times a day without it interfering with my workload.
I do recommend this to any working mom who might think of giving up on pumping.
So I just wish it was a bit more secure, but otherwise no complaintsThese seem to be working.
Instead of being small and highly domed, these are more shallow and larger, so that they are more discreet when you wear them.
There are washable inserts to absorb milk, rather than having to deal with dried pooled milk.
And best of all, they do indeed draw the nipple out to prepare for nursing.
If you have inverted or flat nipples, these are clearly the shells to getI was given some of these at the hospital when I delivered my baby as we were having major latch issues.
I say these are the best thing for a mom trying to breast feed with inverted nipples and I have tryed everything this is the only thing that helpedDue to having inverted nipples and not really knowing how to help that (the nurses and LC at the hospital weren't much help to me at all), I didn't do too well with breastfeeding my first child and gave up after only about 1 wk which made me feel like a total FAILURE.
Heck, I didn't even know I had inverted nipples until the nurses told me!I got pregnant again and really wanted to give breastfeeding another try this time around so I began researching as much as possible to find out what I can do without using those nipple sheilds they give you at the hospital.
Nice that there are products for this, but didn't meet my needThese really do work.
My nipples were extremely sore, raw, and tender, and I would tear up whenever my son latched on.
I got these SoftShells and within a few days my nipples felt a million times better.
Don't give up on breastfeeding ladiesThese really helped me the first few months of nursing.
I also like that I could throw them in the dishwasher on the top rackMy nipples were extremely painful in the first few weeks.
If you didn't feed/pump frequently and/or check on them often, there was often a good chance that they would overflow, or be so full that the slightest leaning forward would cause them to spill.
I think they would work better if you could find a material more absorbant than the foam inserts provided.
It looks really funny.
The feeling compared to TheraShells is also different.
I actually just passed them off to my best friend who just had her baby and was having similar issues (is that gross?
You can always put on a zip up sweater over the vest.The vest is very soft and easy to use and wash.I was thankful that I got it because when we were about to land at our destination, the pilot had to pull the plane back up.
It was very very bumpy.I didn't lose my grip on my son, but if we didn't pull back up, who knows,, I could have.bottom line: it is woth the peace of mindThe vest seems to be of good quality though I haven't tried it yet.
Best scenario is to have a separate seat for baby with a child fit harness, but for those who insist on a lap baby...buy thisi bought it for my daughter for a night flight & it was good for my piece of mind, but i didn't even use it on the day flight back, because she was moving around so much that it would have just made her mad to be strapped to me..good for the night flight though since she slept so much..but i still didn't sleep at all reallyVery well made, thick to keep baby warm during flight without having to put bulky sweaters, jackets or blankets.Easily attaches to adult seat belt.
It functioned great, locking him down to either of our seat belts but still giving him a good amount of mobility to crawl around our laps and investigate the seats and other items around him and we sat in 1st class so he had plenty of room to area to cover.
It was really helpful and served its purpose - made life a little easier for my husband and me as we were also trying to care for our 3 year old on the flightI like it, it kept him secure... except when the strap slid along the seatbelt and unfastned it.
Great job, AventI really wish I'd bought these before the birth.
They are really best for wearing in the privacy of your home as they will be visible unless you're wearing a bulky sweater.
However if you are at all interested in reserving every last drop of precious breast milk you will appreciate these!
Also, for soar nipples they provide a little relief.The fit in the bra and a hole around the nipple allows leakage to flow undaunted, I found that the fit was good and everything leaked in the reservoir as designed.
Wearing them around during the day helped me collect an extra ounce and a half of milk (foremilk, but still good stuff - hydration is essential!)
that would otherwise have been wasted into my clothingI tend to leak all over the place when I'm breast feeding or pumping so these are awesome for catching and saving breast milkThis is very useful for collecting milk on other breast while breastfeeding.
I used it for the protection it gave my messed up nipples after feedings, and for short periods of time, I preferred this over the further irritation of a nursing pad right after a feeding.
However, i am thrilled because i also was looking for something like this (a different name was recommended) and these work great.
my daughter doesn't seem to notice that she isn't getting soaked, she didn't seem to care before but i sure did.i'm so happy with them that i came back to order an extra set for my emergency pump kit for the car.i do enjoy saying its my best accidental purchase so far :-)-Traci (using shared hubbys accountlove those, very useful to calm pain at the beginning and very handy to save milk (and bras) I still would not wear them out in public but great ally for easy breastfeeding and easy to cleanThese are the best inventions for breastfeeding moms!When I first started breastfeeding, milk would leak like crazy on the other side I always thought it would have been nice if someone design something to catch the leak so the milk doesn't go to waste.
It would be nice if they were made with a more pliable plastic or siliconeUnfortunately even when used properly they leaked.
They are nice in the privacy of my own home, though.
It is easy to clean and soft.
Not only do they catch all that embarassing leaking milk, but they soothe away irritationThis is one of the essential products for every mom.
These are in my view far superior in design to the O-cal-ette (which has a hole where the milk will leak out), because they have no hole for the leak to milk out, well actually they come with two cups, one with holes, one without, and we use the one without.
I would say the Medela's are better for keeping your bra off your nipples.
The Avent are better for flat or inverted nipples.
I use the Avent around the house and make the initial latch easier, and I wear the Medela out because they don't show as easily under clothing.
The Avent do come with solid shells too so they can be used to catch milk from the non-nursing breast during letdown too.
If you don't have the solid shells on then remember, don't bend over :) The Medela come with little foam absorption pads to catch milk from letdown but you can't really collect milk in the Medela's.
So it really depends on your purpose for the shellsThese are great and help protect my sore and cracked nipples.
If you have really raw nipples they offer a much needed relief and the ability to get air.
Also good for helping your nips air out when they are sore.
They may fit someone else perfectly, everyone is just a bit different shapedI bought a pair of these breast shells when I was pregnant to know the product imagining that maybe I would need another pair after my baby was born.
But if you have perky & petite breasts with long nipples, these may work really well for youSummary: Works great for collecting leaked breastmilk and thereby minimizing waste; ventilated shells are great relief for injured nipples; appearance drastically improves if worn with a lightly padded braProduct comes with two soft bases (rings fitting around nipple), and two sets of covers: one ventilated (with holes), and one without holes.Pros:- ventilated shells protect irritated or damaged nipples from contact with clothing, reducing irritation and allowing healing without blocking air from the skin- ventilated shells can collect a couple ounces of milk (if you're mindful of the holes at the top)- solid (no hole) shells can collect 2-3 ounces of milk and have convenient pouring spouts- base is shaped pointing out which is desirable for flat nipplesCons:- soft base (ring with hole for the nipple to fit through) can cause skin irritation if left on too long due to moisture accumulation- outward appearance through clothing varies greatly depending on breast size and type of bra used; seems to be designed to contour with size C at mostI was looking forward to collecting any let down breast milk.
;) I had many accidents like this.Going out wearing the shells can be weird, as they give a Madonna look to your breasts.This product really helped me and I highly recommend it for breastfeeding momsThese shells are very useful, they prevent leaks and save milk.
Very easy to clean and put together.
AVENT is the best for this kind of thingMy nips were sooo sore and cracked the first weeks after having my baby.
But they are a good alternative to walking around topless.
While I was able to easily clear the plug, it's easy to avoid if you just remove these within an hour.
I'm a 36DD with, apparently, longer nipples, and these work great for me.
My nipples get a chance to breathe and heal, and I'm able to save letdown milk!PLEASE NOTE though that since buying these, I also recently switched to wool reusable breast pads (LANAcare, Ekstra style, Medium size overnight and Small size for the day) instead of using the cotton reusable or disposable breast pads I had been using, and I really noticed a HUGE difference in my nipples once I switched to wool.
If you're struggling with clothing or pads feeling painful on your nipples, it's really worth the investment to try the LANAcare wool pads.
Plus, the wool is antibacterial, so you only need to wash them every 2-3 weeks!
It is much easier on the back than the Snugli carrier is - I still carry my 10-month-old, 21-pound son in our Bjorn at least once a week.I love it because it keeps my hands free, and my son starts giggling and babbling every time he sees it because he enjoys riding in it so much.
I would recommend unhooking the straps from the carrier before throwing it all in the wash - they can get really tangled togetherthis is a very useful item to help keep your hands free.
The price is well worth itThis product is well designed, and easy to use.
Putting my baby in this carrier, made traveling in the city a lot easier.
This is a nice item to have, as long as you know that you'll probably only be using it for the first few months.
I have been a big fan of Fisher Price products and I figured I would be happy since I had the predecessor to the FP Carrier.
He fit in nicely and I was extremely happy with the way that his weight was distributed.
You get what you pay for, and what you get is:fit--adjusts to fit both me at 5'4" and my hubby at 6'comfort--soft and padded all overease--lightweight, compact, washes easily, packs neatlysafety--well designed to hold a wiggly, heavy babyconvenience--easy to put on and put baby indurability--we've worn and washed this plenty and it's just fineOur baby has loved it since we first strapped him in at 1 1/2 months old; he's 5 months now and loves it just as much.
It's easy to clean and easy to get him in and out of it.
I go for a mile walk every day with him in it and it doesn't strain my backYes, compared to the alternatives (arms, a sling, or a backpack) the concept and design of the Baby Bjorn deserves 5 stars.
It will take a few days for your child to adjust to facing you (for a few months until he or she can hold his or head up and face away), and then again to adjust to facing away (although they'll quickly like the feeling of being out there and observant).But all the praise misses some subtle points that the manufacturer ought to fix.
But my wife and I are slightly different heights, and quite different builds, which requires adjustment between wearers of the Baby Bjorn.The height-adjustment system should be (a) easier to reach, (b) an integrated release on both sides, to preserve balance and make height changing easier, and (c) bookmarked with tabs or stops or something to faciliate easily moving back and forth between two common settings.-egi loved this in the summer for the first months that my daughter was born.
now that it is spring again, she doesn't love it as much as the backpack carrier we haveWhen I purchased the Bjorn, I too had visions of long happy walks with my baby right up against me.
He liked it better, but could only stand about 10 minutes.
This was much better for both of us.
I may try the hip sling - but for now he likes it much better than the over the shoulder type sling and it gives me some hands-free time.
Otherwise, the carrier was good.
I don't believe I used it enough to justify the $90...I sold it on Ebay for $60 though so overall it was a good dealMy son liked this carrier so much he would even fall asleep while in it.
The Bjorn was the perfect answer.
Even when he was only a few weeks old, he would happily ride in the front carrier for hours.
Best of all, it's easy to get on and easy to get the baby settled into, even without any help.UPDATE: At 6 months and over 20 pounds, my son still loves the Bjorn and it's still totally comfortable to wear.
:)Trust me....spend the extra money, you'll be happy in the long runWho doesn't love a Bjorn??
For them to "straddle" you, it really isn't good for their soft, developing hip joints, and can cause growing problems and dislocation.
where you need both of your hands, and don't want the hassle of a stroller.It's also easy for a baby to sleep in the Bjorn, even forward-facing...
It is very easy to use once you get the hang of it.
I used it a few times when I had to push my mom in the wheelchair and carry my baby at the same time because I had no other alternative to carry my baby.
I really didn't find much use for it, though.
It is completely washable in the washing machineI really liked this carrier, however, unless you plan on using it ALOT when the baby is small, you won't get your money's worth.
It might be a better idea to get a cheaper carrierI think a Snuggly is just as good and half the price.
This is expensive mainly because it is made of great fabric but it is not that important to pay double.
It is extremely user-friendly.
My only problem is that now that he is almost 20 pounds it really weighs down on my shoulders and if I carry him in it for too long I am really sore.
It is a very stylish, sturdy carrier that couldn't be easier to use.
It is an excellent choiceThis is my favorite baby product of all times.
So Honestly Save money by purchasing just one.My son loved me holding him when he was little and when he got interested in looking around I just flipped him around and he had the comforts of mom but yet could see everyone else.. And I had the use of my two armsWhen I first bought this and learned how to put it on, and got my crying baby in it, I thought, he's going to hate it.
Excellent productThis is definitely the best carrier on the market.
It gives the best support for me and my daughter loves it.
Baby does loves the comfort of this carrier!So I would say it is worth the moneyThis carrier is the best!
We are on child #5 and have had a carrier for each one and the last one is definately the best!
The Baby Bjorn is much more lightweight and better designed.
Adjustments are easy to make, both for your comfort and baby's.
A wonderful productThis is a must for any mom!
This is a must have for moms and dadsThis item is wonderful for taking my baby outside for a walk.
This is a good solution.
I've used it several times to take him for a walk, and I've also worn it when my husband and I have gone to an art fair.
I didn't think I was going to use it that much but it has really come in handy for those quick trips, that way I don't need to take the stroller out of the trunk.
I found a few other First Years items (grooming kit, medicine tote, bottle tote) that match in color and are just nice to have.The clippers are invaluable.
The files really come in handy for this.
I have about 3 different &quot;under the tongue/arm&quot; ones that I'm always using.
Results aren't really fast, but considering the price and the fact that most people can't afford an ear thermometer for the diaper bag, it works well enough.The rattle is pretty good.
I got a similar rattle with Winnie-the-Pooh, just to add some variety.The aspirator is good for travel, but get a preemie nasal aspirator for home.
However, I like how you can open this one up and clean it out.
Most that I've seen don't have that feature.The medicine dropper is pretty good.
Whether you use it at home or in the diaper bag, just having these little tools all right there is niceI really like how organized this set is.
I have not yet used the other things but really, the bulb is the greatest thing in the world.
Even if the other stuff ends up being worthless, I'd just go out and buy a better model to put in it's place.
The case is pretty useful, you can even fit a small bottle of medicine in itI really like this set.
That ball syringe is the best thing for a baby with a stuffy nose.
It is all in one packI use this little zipper bag as a sort of gadget purse for baby health things.
The nose sucky is the best one we have including better than the hospital one, it always works without repeated effort, which is very important when you have a squirming infantThis is a must have for all moms and dads.
I keep it in my diaper bag at all timesI really wanted sun shades for my car.
This was nice, but expensive.
I found a twin pack made by the First Years for about a buck more at another store.They do a decent job, especially if you have a smaller car.
It simply wasn't worth anything, since the other brand cost about the same and was more durableWe've had several other brands, got this for free with a coupon, and like it best.
Terrible product & I am replacing them with a better brand.
First years makes a better productI had recieved this as a promotional item at Babiesrus so I didn't have to pay anything for it.
Looking at the price of this item, it's better to just spend a few extra $$$ and get something that will actually workThey are spoons, really what can I say about them.
Maybe reserve the orange one for carrots?
I really don't care about this, so I use them all for carrotsFood can build up around the back edge of the plastic coating.
If you're hand-washing, be aware of this spotNot great for travel because they're heavyAs for the other spoons I have:The plastic toss'n'go spoons are best for traveling because they're light and indestructible.
I just like these spoons best.
A good, simple implementThe basin on these spoons is so shallow that you can hardly get any food on them.
I think that saying a spoon's best use is as a decoration says it allI use these spoons a lot for feeding my eight months old twins.
The colors were very vibrant at first but soon started to absorb the color from carrots and sweet potatoes.
I am extremely happy with them.You need to get used to washing the small parts but once you have a routine going it's well worth the effort.
If breastmilk is stored in these bottles in the fridge, the fat content does tend to stick to the plastic of the vent.
Highly recommend them and would definitely buy againWhen my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including Evenflo, Triflow, Avent, etc.
Dr Brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
Otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them (or at least don't open the package until you need to) and2.
So, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger sizeThese are wonderful.
They are sturdy and practically spill proof.
My daughter is breast fed and these bottles are wonderful for her.
They are more work to clean ,but if you buy enough they can be put in the dishwasher so it really isn't a big deal.
I really think these are a great product and certainly worth tryingthese are the greatest invention in bottles...ever.....these bottles helped my daughter so much....no more gas,no spills or leaks...the only downside is they are hard to clean..but who caresThis bottle is an eye catcher because it's so different.
I tried 4 different brands and these were by far my favorite.
They had a nice stiff nipple so that you could get really good suction (no worrying that they were going to get sucked into the baby's mouth) and the shape allowed for the most skin to skin contact.
Overall, a wonderful purchaseI was struggling immensely with the pain of breastfeeding.
I ordered these (since I had their pump and loved it) and another brand through Amazon to see if they were better, and they both failed miserably.
This product was very helpful until I created resistanceThese are abit thicker than the medela ones they gave me in the hospital but me and my baby seemed to like them better.
For me, I like the option to order a different size.
The 20mm works better for me than the 24mm and the Avent doesn't have size options.
So over all the product works and the price is nice but I found the Medela Contact Nipple Shield a better option for myselfFor my last child I had to use nipple shields for a while and they worked fine.
But they are good shelds, they work good and stay in placeMy nipples are difficult to be latched for my baby.
The other important thing is it smells not good after I sterilize it even thought the ads said it odorless.
It also leaves the baby choking on milk from too fast a flowI couldn't find any comparative reviews on different brands of nipple shields when I was trying to decide which one to purchase.
Here are my reviews and pictures of the 3 different brand:Medela Contact Nipple Shield (20mm)This is the brand recommended by my lactation consultant.
It's made of the thinnest silicone of the 3 brands and "sticks" the best.
Might be handy if your kid is a super biter and otherwise doesn't have any feeding issuesThese are alright.
Though, they don't stay put and I need to readjust them many times during each feedingThese shields are durable, easy to clean, handy to take along when out and about, and very easy to use.
These, on the other hand are easy to use with one hand, keeps the plastic off his nose, and stays in place better without leaking.
Too deepGood quality, nice soft plastic.
I think the medela shields are worth the few dollars moreThese nipple shields were the best ones that I tried.
It was really nice to have at the beginning but once we were able to feed without it I was definitely glad to get rid of it!
I was told that nipple shields could be helpful for this.I went with the Avent because overall, I am super impressed with their products.
I only use their bottles and pacifiers and have been a happy customer in the past.I don't really recommend these specific nipple shields.
I can't get them to stay in place and they are really akward.
Those are much easier to use and less akward for babyThese shields are amazing!
I've used them to breastfeed my DD since she was born (now 2 months old) - BF without them is incredibly painful for me, even with a very good latch.
My baby has a super powerful suck and also tends to bite down as she falls asleep while nursing (as she often did in the first weeks) and without the shield, i'd get painful damage.
They are super easy to use and wash and sterilize quickly and easilyThese are great for when you first start nursing and your nipples are sore.
We are going to keep the Dr. Brown bottles, but the Playtex Ventaires are our new go to bottlesFrom what I've seen, there are basically 3 methods used to eliminate/reduce gas in bottles: collapsible liners, one-way vents, and open airways.
They do an OK job preventing bubbles in the formula, but they have two main problems: 1) they tend to leak if you don't assemble correctly, and also if shaken or if the membrane becomes a bit worn.
But as previously mentioned, the best advice is to buy one of each and find what works for your little oneMy baby is breastfed but I sometimes substitute a bottle (with breastmilk) to help with the transition for when I go back to work in another couple of weeks.
Reviews are generally made up of personal experiences so mine can be significantly different than yoursWe purchased these when our son was about a month old.
Ventaire does not make a "wide neck" bottle, which is admittedly easier to clean.
The Ventaire bottles have a slimmer profile and are much lighter to pack and store.Every baby's needs are different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
For our particular situation, Ventaire was the best possible choiceWe really like these bottles - we have had to burp our baby much less since we switched to them.
The bottles are extremely easy to clean - we hand wash the tops and removable bottoms and put the bottle bodies in the dishwasher and have had no problems.My only complaint is that some of the bottles have the ounces printed in colored ink on the side of the bottle instead of the ounces being molded into the clear plastic.
Not to mention, with the clear plastic molded numbers, I don't have to hunt to find a bottle body to match the top and bottom - I have enough trouble finding socks to match my son's outfit, I don't want to worry about matching bottle bodies to the tops and bottomsAs a single, first time mom to a beautiful 7 week old baby girl who is currently using the drop in system, I wanted to try a bottle that I didn't have to continue to buy things for.
After waiting 10 minutes with her screaming in my arms for her bottle the formula was still extremely cold!
I've used these bottles with my first born(6 years ago) and was very happy to see they're the same great quality now that I have another newbornI started to prefer these bottles when my daughter was born in 2005.
I've had 2 more children (one in 2008 and the other in 2012), and each time we will try out different (and pricier) options before confirming once again, these are the bottles we prefer.
My infant easily goes back and forth from this bottle to breast.You will have to disassemble these down to clean them properly.
Some prefer this, but I find it a little annoying.
This set comes with three bottles, nipples and caps., and is perfect from about four months onThese are the only bottles my son will use and of course this design is discontinued.
Of course we tried 5 different types of wide-neck bottles before we realized that she only likes thin-neck.
Baby has some gassy issues sometimes, but this may just be something that mom ate.
So I bought this VentAire because it has a smaller nipple AND is good for gas.
Maybe when she gets bigger she will do okay with other bottles but for now I will use theseThese bottles are wonderful.
One issue for some parents, for those who don't want to upgrade after the newborn stage, I don't think these will be good for upwards of the first year of a child's life.
The size and setup don't really seem like something for anything but newborns.Regardless, it's a good newborn set that should satisfy all needs, because it can be used in conjunction with breastfeeding & formulaWe received this set free from Amazon for the new baby.
My wife is a Family Nurse Practitioner and she considers this type of bottles the best for our kids.
With regular bottles, it is very easy for the silicone/plastic nipple to contract so it makes up for the milk that was taken out.
The only potential downside is having more pieces to clean - as each bottle has 2 extra pieces to help with the pressure flow on the bottom.
We prefer this set for kids 1 year and older, versus the bulky infant ones, as the kids can actually hold the bottle themselvesI actually like these bottles and we use these for formula and avent for breastmilk, just out of habit.
I think there is a little less burping after using these, but the extra parts to clean when you take the bottom off can be a nuisance.
I bought these and another brand-I will say hands down these are better, my daughter has no issues with gas or hiccupsI originally registered for (and received) the avent bottles.
I tried several other bottles and still wasn't happy with them.
I do clean them after every usage with soap and water.
Her baby suffered from Acid Reflux and this bottles worked great for himThe idea of the bottles is good.
EVERY bottle I bought was a newborn bottle- with newborn nipples ( I double and triple checked), but for some reason they ALL had different flows!
We had to constantly try to keep up with which nipples were the good ones and which ones didn't work.
Like I said, the idea of the VentAire is good, but the bottles just aren't up to my expectationsI'm a dad of 14 month old twins.
Anyone who's on their second or third would tell you to save your money.I realize that every child is different, and some burp up more than others - but they ALL burp up and they ALL get gas.
So how could they in good conscience continue to sell those cheap, gas-inducing, old-fashioned bottles?Because they work; because all of the repeat parents buy them; and because all new parents eventually need to buy a bottle that does what it's supposed toI've used all kinds of different bottles over the years from cheap Wal-Mart Specials to Avent and Dr Browns and these bottles are much closer to the higher end than the lower.
Here is a break down of what I like and don't like.Pros:-Baby doesn't seem to have much gas after using these.-It is very easy to clean the inside since both the top and the bottom come off.-They are very easy for both me and my baby to hold.Cons:-Since the top and bottom do come off there are 5 pieces to clean for each bottle, so it takes up a lot of room in the dishwasher.-The nipples seem a little faster than most others I've tried, so at first my baby made a big mess when using these because she wasn't used to fast flow.-The nipples and tops are very close looking to the Avent bottles, so sometimes I put the wrong ones on one or the other and they leak.So to summarize, I would get these bottles again and other than perhaps the Avent bottles, since they have less pieces to clean, these are my favorite that I've usedThese bottles are the coolest.
The fit in your hand really well.
We went back to ComoTomo which our baby loves, and will see what happens with these when she's a bit older.In general, we liked the shape of these bottles for feeding--very easy to hold--but disliked it for making formula, as the opening is so narrow we had to make the formula in a thermos and then pour it into the bottles.
They are easy to take apart and put back together, and went through the dishwasher without any performance issues tooWE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
While those WERE once a massive improvement, VentAire is the newest texhnology for allowing better pressure equalization, and a more cormftable feeding experience for both mother an baby that more closely mimics the natural position of Breastfeeding.
I started out with the Newborn set so I'm now a little more adept at inserting the disks into place and using the bottle itself.
I picked up some Medium Flow Nipples locally and had some better success with them earlier on.
It's best to stock up on those since you'll go through the Nipples faster than the bottles themselves, which are petty sturdy and easy to clean.I don't use a bottle warmer since I pump.
Still, this and the Newborn set would make nice gifts for either a New Mom or one who has been struggling with the old Playtex Nurser.
It takes a little practice - a couple of days or so, to get the hang of this but I am quite pleased with the resultsI really like these bottles.
Our baby had no problems using these Ventaire bottles with the fast flow nipples on the first try.>Bottom vents also help milk flow without vacuum build-up.>Angled design reduces chances for ear infections because the baby is sitting more upright rather than on their backs.>Easy to use, clean, and sterilize (boil nipples and vents in water for 5 minutes once a week) with the removable tops and bottoms at home.
Easy to clean and disinfect bottle (hot soapy water); sterilize nipples and vents (boilable) at homeYou can open both ends of the bottle.
Makes for an easier clean up.
Great productI have been faithful to the Dr. Brown bottles, but had heard good things about these as well and was interested to try them.
Super easy to use and clean.
I originally just grabbed them off the shelf at the store because my preferred brand was out, and these were six ounce bottles, so I thought they'd be perfect.
They are light and easy for him to hold, plus the tilted neck helps him get those last drops without frustration.
They are expensive, but I have been nothing but pleased with themWe usedPlaytex Drop-ins Nursersfor the first few months, but after our son was drinking more than 4 oz at a time, we switched to the Playtex VentAire.PROS:- Bottle is curved so baby can drink sitting up- Doesn't leakCONS:- Air still comes back in through the nipple when my son quits drinking (this happens with both medium and fast flow nipples) - if this is a problem for you, use the Drop-in system instead.- Extra pieces take a little more time to clean and reassemble bottleThese are great but the aware that they have fast flow nipples.
We were excited to hear that they were BPA-free and with our past experience with Playtex bottles, we were happy to purchase these.Within 3 weeks, the ink on the bottles came off of them.
Perhaps it was because we washed them in the dishwasher...but really, the bottles should be prepared to handle that.Please don't waste your money on these bottles.
(I assumed I was a better sucker than the baby!)
Luckily, the Ventaire uses the standard American nipple size so you have lots of choices (unlike, say, the British AventThese bottles work nice and are a good option to try for babies who are having problems with fussiness or gas.
They seem to reduce the amount of bubbles and make the feedings easier for our little one.
I haven't noticed a big difference in performance between the two, but these are easier to cleanThe vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
The flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
I prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.As far as reducing gas, I haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andThe First Years Breastflow Bottlewhich I also use.
I typically prefer The First Years bottle because of the slower flow.
They are wide and a tad bit short and my babies latched wonderfully to these nipples.
But that's a good thing.
Cereal come through the Fast Flow nipple perfectly with no cutting of the nipple.These bottles are much easier to clean than Dr Brown's, and they provide the same fluid flow as Dr Brown's without having to deal with the middle insert of the Dr Brown's.The cap on these bottles "touches" the top of the nipple and therefore the bottles do not leak while in the diaper bag.
This is a major reason I love the bottles.Two things I dislike about these bottles.
Easy for mom to hold....and well...the baby drips his formula down to the last dropI chose to exclusively bottle feed with both my children, I have a 2 1/2 year old girl and a 3 month baby boy.
I did open the box up and they are really easy to put together and when filled with water they didn't leak at all.
They appear to be very easy to clean without a lot of nooks and crannies for milk to hide in that you have to scrub outI don't have a baby but I gave the bottles to a friend to use and give me feedback.
Her response was good and she told me the best feature is the Micro-Channel Vent Technology that keeps air at the back of the bottle rather than mixing it with the milk.
I asked her if she had any issues in this regard and she said she didn't.Playtex has always made a good product and it seems the bottles are certainly in that categoryI switched to these bottles after using very basic style bottles (similar to the style of bottle and nipple used in the hospital with my daughter) when noticing my daughter was having more difficulty controlling the milk flow and subsequently choking - of note, my daughter was born very premature and took some time to learn how to eat properly.
Baby definitely seems to do better with these bottles, less dribbling of milk out of her mouth around the nipple, very little choking episodes (again, this is related to her prematurity), and seems much more content after her feeds so clearly less gas.The bottles are easy to hold, lightweight, and easy to clean.
Actually, since both the top and bottle come off, the bottle part itself is just basically a tube that is very easy to clean (no special bottle brush needed).
Cleaning is a breeze (I mostly handwash, but on occasion I throw them in the dishwasher, either way gets them very clean).
She also has reflux, and these bottles have really helped with decreasing the amount of air she swallows.I am very happy with these bottles and highly recommend them to the pricier brands out there that make the same claimsBreast feeding is wonderful but trying to supplement with bottle when you are away can be a challenge to finicky babies.
These bottles are wonderful and well accepted as an "alternativeI messed up.
On their own, they share many of the beneficial features of the other Ventaire bottles, but there's that one drawback.Pros:- Vented system keeps too much air from entering the bottle, and gives me an auditory cue when he's done feeding at night- They're robust, don't leak at all, even after using the dishwasher on them.- Come in pleasant colors, not too bright- Easy to clean and no messing with bags, inserts, or drop ins that always seem to leakCons:- They're skinny.
Those, stick a rag in, use a bottle brush, boom, they're clean.
Would make it easier than taking it away to check how much is leftThese bottles suck!
If you are concerned about gas use Dr. Brown's bottles, they have more parts but easy to put togetherThe wide version of this is the first bottle we tried with our then-3-week-old baby.
The standard size I think would be great for non-breastfed babies, but I still do prefer the wide.She was more gassy than normal after her feeding, but from what I hear a bottle will always make them more gassy than the boob - so I guess this bottle is better than others (can't compare there).
His mom just uses regular, straight bottles.The first time I used this bottle with him there didn't seem to be as many air bubbles in the bottle as there usually are.
Not true.
they are good quality and durable.
recomment them for anybody looking for a set of bottlesThere isn't enough room for me to describe why I love these better than any other brand!
If you're one of those new Mommy's doing the same thing, you'll notice when researching bottles that everyone loves or hates almost every kind of bottle!I bought a sample of all different 4-6 oz.
sizes of different bottle brands to see which one my newborn would like best and finally narrowed it down to this Playtex Ventaire Standard 6 oz.
My baby preferred the nipple of this bottle and also had less gas and spit-ups after feedings from it.
The smaller nipple is easier for her to latch onto and the flow of the nipple is perfect so she isn't dribbling all over.
bottle simply because those DON'T fit in my bottle sterilizer.But this product was the winner in our homeWe have tried a lot of different kinds of bottles and these weren't really anything spectacular.
The Dr. Brown's bottles had too many small parts that were a PIA to keep clean.The thing is, each baby is different and will prefer different bottles - even the vehemently negative reviewers for this product should understand that.
Since we figured that out, these bottles have been perfect.
We've had no problems with the stage 1 nipple, and since we started using these we've tried a few other bottles - Avent, Gerber - but none compare to this.
At this point in time, mom and baby seem to prefer wider ones.
Sarah finds them easier to clean; baby likes the nipple shape better.
I do like these because the top will screw directly onto a ready-to-feed bottle (I use Similac) and I don't have to use one-time use nipples.I was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled, but I think he just likes me holding it, so he has yet to hold the bottle himself.
I do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because I can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.The bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom.
The bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
I would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.Overall, a great bottle.
She calls them a "high tech" bottle and loved the way they prevented her newborn from gulping too much airWe have tried all kinds of bottles and these ones work the best for our little one.
She is able to latch onto them better than others and they seem to help with gas.
These are much easier to cleanI like the bent neck but since I didn't use any other bottles I have nothing to compare it toI like these bottles, they are the only ones my son will accept right now.
After trying everything from avent to gerber these are the ones he uses best.
He still loves these onesAfter trying many other brands and styles of bottles, my wife and I agree that the Playtex Ventaire are the best.Less pieces than Doc Brown, excellent venting system, inexpensive nipples to replace as your baby grows and you need higher flowMy favorite bottles.
It can be hard to find the slim version in stores, so these are a good findI love the Playtex brand, and the VentAire bottles are really very good.
They are a definite keeperthese bottles are really good.
the bottle is nicely shaped for good flow to the nipple and into the baby's mouth with out much air.
They have a nice slow flow, and provide the "air vents" at the bottom.However, I must note that those vents are like 99% gimmick.
Add the fact that you virtualy never hear any air come out of it, and you get the idea.The shape is nice, especially if your baby has trouble holding down the food and you have to feed them in a more upright position.Overall a nice baby bottle for your baby.Highlights:- convenient shape- slow flow (pro or con depending on what you want)- ventaire system a gimmickPissed is an understatement.
I purchased these bottles to decrease the amount of air that my daughter was sucking in and these bottles came highly recommended.
They are a natural shape and make it easy to feed the child.
They are easy to clean, and I love the fact they have covers to keep the nipples free of dirt/dust, etc.
I highly recommendAfter buying ten packs(on top of the ones that came with the bottles) of the nipples for these bottles, we gave up and used our Advent bottles that we didn't want to use.
Our son loves these bottles, they help on the gas and the spitting up and he is able to latch on and drink with no major effort.
We also love having a different choice of nipple sizes.
They did seem to help a lot with his gas, and are much easier to clean than Dr. Brown's.
I don't know why, but the nipples just seem flimsier than Dr. Brown's and my son often had to stop eating because they would collapse.These are easy to wash, easy to assemble, and the curved design is very convienient.
Although it does have a lot of pieces, the fact that the bottle disassembles completely makes it easy to thoroughly clean and disinfect its various parts.The bottles have presented one challenge:1.
The VentAire slow flow nipples are much slower than the Drop-In slow flow nipples, which is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).2.
Our daughter can feed herself from both the VentAire and Drop-In bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the VentAire.
This feat makes her very happy and the lack of leaks and tummy aches make us very happyLove these bottles, and they seem to have been DC'ed, so we were thrilled to find them available on amazon!
I thought we'd give these a try since we've tried everything else-because the nipples are thin and long, she doesn't really like them.
They come apart easily (into 4 pieces: nipple, bottle, bottom air vent, bottom ring to hold the air vent on) and are a lot easier to clean than some of the other types of bottles we've had that have a lot of smaller pieces.
Overall, I wouldn't recommend them for a picky breastfed baby because the nipple isn't close enough to the "real thing", but for a non-picky baby, they'd be greatHere's my baby bottle round-up, my favorite is the Playtex Ventaire.Playtex Ventaire: These are excellent because they let the extra air out (like Dr. Brown's) to make it easier for your baby to continuously drink but mostly because they are really easy to clean since you can unscrew the bottom.
I feel a lot better about them getting really clean and they are easy to throw in the dishwasher.
Brown's: Also pretty good but they have overall too many parts (bottle, nipple, screw on lid, straw thing and other little venting part.)
They are also kind of a pain to clean, the long straw thing is hard to get clean.
They also only have 3 parts, which is nice, but they don't have anyway to release the air so I have to stop my baby from drinking every once in a while to release the backed up air.Lansinoh Momma: These bottles are a little gimmicky.
I would pass on theseThese bottles are incredible :) They are so easy to clean, you just take both ends off and they clean up so nice.
Spend the money, buy the good stuff.
We Love theseits ok i dont prefer them to tommie tip bottles but good for the price.
Try different nipple.
Thats it.It's different for different babies...We tried Dr. Browns, Playtex wide nipple nurser and then Ventair.
The best part is the removable bottom which really lets you get in there easily to wash them out.
These made cleaning so much easier since the top and bottom come off.
They also do really reduce the amount of air a baby takes in while feedingIf you are anything like me, you've been searching for the perfect bottle.
The one that's easy to hold and drink from.
The one that comes at a good, really good, price.
If you're a new mom, or even just a frustrated mom, BUY THESE BOTTLES!!P.S.
I only gave it 4 stars because the nipples it came with were no good and had to be replaced, but other than that I am satisfiedI bought these bottles because it looked like they would lessen my daughter's air intake during feeding, and they did!
My daughter burps and spits up much less, which makes the both of us much more happy!
My son used them for the whole duration.They were super easy to clean and that is such a plus!
Nipples are easy to interchange and we could not have been happierA couple years ago, we bought a lot (probably more than we really needed) of baby bottles that all offered different options.
We plan on using these more than any of the other types with the next baby as they make things a lot easier.
My baby loves them as well just because they are easy to grab and the curved bottle helps in getting all the milk.
So, thats a positive for this product already.This set works as well as the other mainstream brands.
She seemed to spit up less and burp more easily.But when we switched to the Medium flow nipples, the gasket didn't seem to be able to keep up and air was being pulled in through the nipple, creating air bubbles in the milk and we believe it contributed to the return of her spitting up more.
Our daughter is now seven and a half months and is using the Fast flow without excessive gas issues or other air related problems.What I do know is that these bottles were infinitely easier to clean since I just put all the parts in the dishwasher without worrying about using a special brush to clean them.
Just run the dishwasher each night and save yourself precious time.
Also the wide mouth is *much* easier to fill with powder to make formula than the narrow bottles and I have space to swirl the formula to mix it (limiting the introduction of bubbles) without needing a spoon when I'm out or in a hurry.
My 2 month old daughter went from drinking 3-4 oz per feeding to about 5 ounces and after adding the water and formula there isnt any room left to shake the bottle to mix the formula nicelyFirst and foremost I love that these are BPA free.
That is very important to us in this house with all our plastic products.
This is a decent sized bottle.
It can get a bit tedious washing a bottle with 6 parts ( Bottle, nipple, nipple ring, bottom ring, silicone vent, cap) but overall I would say its worth itI prefer the VentAire bottles with the wider nipple bases.
These nipple bases are really narrow.
If you are looking for nipples that are likely better for breastfed babies, I would go with the wider nipples.
These are easy to use and wash, they make my baby less gassy, and she can hold the bottle if I need her to.
I still prefer the wider bottles, though, since she is generally breastfed.
My child is breastfed, and occasionally receives a bottle.Since all babies are different it sometimes takes a few bottles to figure out which work the best for your kid.We started out with Dr. Browns, and they made my daughter gassy.
This is when my gf said "I really love Playtex Ventaires...maybe you should try them" These bottles are among the cheaper on the market so getting a single bottle (about $5) was no big deal.My daughter LOVED them.
We've never had gas or stomach issues, they're reliable bottles that don't leak and despite the "washer" piece they really aren't a pain to clean.
They're also impressively cheap and very easy to find.If you're searching for a great bottle, try this oneThese bottles are working great for my both 19 and 5th months.
Although I agree with the fact that cheaper bottles do the trick, my children prefered these from all other I tried.
The size is perfect, big enough but not huge, the shape is easy for her to hold herself even when the milk is getting low and she is tired.
They don't leak, they don't require multiple parts to work which makes it easy for someone else to fix a bottle (or just a hurried, tired mom).
They are a good value as well.
I recommend themThese bottles really work for my 5 week old son.
The new trend is to have large round nipples more like the breast which might be better for babies going back and forth between bottle and breast but for babies that have only been bottle fed, sometime the smaller nipple is easier for them when they are very young or very congestedI have a son that has tummy issues, including a whole lot of gas.
I was really impressed!
Not only did he get less gas, I hand wash and these bottles are easy to clean.
Yes it requires taking them apart and putting them back together again, but I know every speck of the bottle gets very clean.
I love that you can use eth same bottles with different flow rates.
And I really like the size, design and concept of these bottles.
We ended up having to leave just to go home & get a different brand bottle.
I hope that the bigger bottles are better with a faster flow nipple.
For now I am giving up on the small VentAir bottlesKeeps gas at a minimum and are easy to prep.
The only drawback I experienced is that with so many parts to clean (it breaks down to five parts), clean up can be cumbersomethese are great bottles.
They are wonderful.
It's the perfect size and shape, it has a cozy pocket for my feet, and its lightweight enough to kick out of the way if I need to get up in a hurry.
I haven't seen anything else like this and it is just perfect for my small nursery.
Also easy to tote around.
My heels feels nice and supported on this cushy surface.
The cover is easy to wash, and you don't have to worry about your toddler knocking their head (or any other body part) into it.
I highly recommend itThis works pretty well - we needed a small footstool because we bought a glider without one due to the fact that our nursery is TINY.
The price alone is why we aren't giving more starsThis is the perfect little stool to accompany any rocker or glider.
Really happy with this!
Works alright for a stool, but would prefer a wood stool.
I should have gotten this months agoAfter having given up on finding a good footstool for my nursery, I saw this on a friend's baby registry and for the price, had to try it.
It's sturdy enough that I also sat on it sometimes on the floor.
I really want to use this sling, but I feel like he's either too deeply inside the sling and he will suffocate or by adding a blanket underneath him, he's too close to the edge and will tumble out.
I gave it a 2 since it is stylish & I hope it works in a few weeks when my son can hold his head up and he can sit in it...we'll see.
This is a really really a nice buy.
I think that's the best for newborns because they don't have to support any body part.
It slips from its place so the head of the child doesn't stand on your shoulder anymore but on your lower chest (so when you have a large breast the baby's head is really really in a weird angle !).
Plus, it is durable and the bristles are just right for a 2 year old's headThese items are awesome.
This would make a cute giftThis is perfect to use on my 1 year old great grandson.
They are both well made and in pretty colorsThese spouts are great... they don't leak and they come apart for easy cleaning.They fit perfectly in Klean Kanteens, too!
Stainless steel is a great alternative to plastic cups for babies and childrenMy 7 month old doesn't like the spouts, she just chews on them... maybe this will change as she gets olderi love the fact that you can buy replacement nipples for the different stages instead of buying new bottles.
I bought 2 Avent bottles for our son to use while my mom watched him for our anniversary.
When his doctor suggested starting him on sippy cups with a little bit of water (6months), I really didn't want to run out & buy something else that would take up more space in our cabinets.
Our son loves the handles, but has really struggled with the spout.
He can drink out of the super soft spout much easier.
To sum it up, I am giving it 4 stars even though it didn't work for our family, because (1) I love that Avent offers a modification for consumers, (2) the handles rock & the spout & handles align super easily, & (3) my baby is exclusively breastfed & has very little experience with bottles (1 bottle, 1 time) - I believe a baby who knows how to drink from a bottle would have a much easier time with this productThese create lots of tiny bubbles that my son swallows when he drinks from this top.
I was really excited to still use my Avent bottles to transition to cups, but this prodect doesn't cut it, I ended up buying other sippy cupsLove these cups and was pleased to be able to find replacement spouts.
They really don't leak, and the spout has lasted longer than others.
Easy to clean and my kids love them.
i just wish i picked a different color because the white can get stained when you give baby a drink after eating baby foodI do like these.
I actually bought them to go in my Klean Kanteen sippy top, and of course they're perfect for that.
I was so grateful!
Cheaper than having to buy new sippy cupsplaytex cups are the best ones on the market.
the valves tend to accidentally go into the garbage disposal or disappear in the dishwasher because they are clear.
They work just as well as the one that came with the sippy cup and I am happy with the purchasei was no able to find these in store so i bought them online.
better to replace the valves than the whole cupAfter many trials and errors with other sippy cups we came across the platex brand.
Super awesome saved us from wasting perfectly good cupsDelivered as promised.
Make sure to wash straight after usage this way easier to keep clean valveThese are exactly the same as the inserts that come with the platex sippy cups.
They work just as good as the original.
These work wonderfully!!!
I just throw them in the dishwasher and call them good.
It's good to have a few extras on hand.
I appreciate that I don't have to replace an entire cupAfter looking at several different variations my husband and I decided to go with this one.
The cushioning on the kneeler is awesome and I also really like the elbow rest.The hanging organizer has two pockets which fit our daughters bathwash and bubble bath.
We use a new washcloth at each bathing so this is really all we need to hold.What I liked most about this product was that it "grows" with your child so they can use it as a stepstool as they get older.
For the price I think its the best choice out there.
Mom and dad can use it (we actually bought it for grandma who loves to bathe our daughter but has an ackward time doing it in our tub) and then our daughter can use it to brush her teeth or to stand in the kitchen.The maximum weight on this product is 200 pounds so I think its a good product for adults as well who maybe need a little extra help reaching that top shelf in the kitchenThis works great in our master bath since we have an oversized tub and I need the added height this kneeler provides to reach/bathe my baby.
If you don't, go with a pad (or just folded towelI really wanted to like this mat and elbow pad set.
Unfortunately, we have a really deep tub, so the sides are tall and the cute little piece in between the elbow pad and mat isn't long enough.
So, if you have a deep tub, just get the bottom part, otherwise, it will just be a waste of moneyI registered for this thinking it would be great for bathing baby.
So far baby is really too little to bathe in the big tub (4 mos.)
Between getting high enough to reach over the side easily and getting a long enough reach to reach the floor of the tub, I have really needed the kneeler when I put baby's tub into the big tubThis item is a great IDEA.
But, the first time I used it was to clean the tub after my husband gave the dog a bath.
It's very sturdy and has alot of padding.
I think it would really help your knees & elbows during bath timeI registered and received this monitor as a shower gift.
The video actually works really well and aside for some NOISY interference that it picks up sometimes, its a great picture day or night.
I don't have that, so we only really use it for the sound.
The monitor is very large, though, and so it would have been nice if the hand held auido one worked - so I could take it to another room.
It is nice to be able to see baby.
No slouching, very comfy and cozy - a definite must buy for any baby shower.
I would highly recommend this over any other infant supportMy daughter was small, but this really seemed very cumbersome to use.
Didn't really see the need for this-a much better buy that my mother insisted on was the harness pillow for supportI just LOVE this Snuzzler.
It looks really cozy, but it didn't stop my daughter's head from flopping in the direction I consider most dangerous, and it really only even fit around her in her carseat for a matter of weeks anyway.
My daughter LOVES itThe Snuzzler is the perfect accessory for an infant car seat, especially for newborns and preemies.
This has worked so much better than rolled up towels which are constantly moving.
It is also important to note that the Snuzzler meets all official flammability requirements.
I have a Baby Jogger II and since it can be used until kiddos are 75 lbs she would have rattled around in there at 16 lbs when we first started using it.It's really soft and it has washed well - although you might want to wash & dry it by itself the first time because it had a lot of fuzzies.
It's nice that you can reverse it to have the soft fuzzy side out when it's cold and the smooth cotton side out when it's warm.I have to reemphasize what some of the reviews say - be careful when using anything extra in a car seat.
We were fortunate to have received this product at our baby shower.
This works so much better than the little head supports that come with the car seats and stroller.
We tried taking it out for the summer but he just didnt seem as happy and comfy in his carseatWe are very satisfied with the Snuzzler product.
We stayed over my brother-in-laws house one night and had Lilly sleep in the carseat, and it was one of her best nights of sleep in her first month.
Over all I am happy with this productWhat a great product and it really works!!
Plus, it doesn't leakI wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel.
I call this bottle warmer one of the best purchases we've made so far!
I have found this warmer to be extremely easy to use.
I still ALWAYS shake the bottle and check the temp before giving it to my sonI really like this bottle warmer.
It is a nice warmer though and I would recommend it to others just as long as their baby is patient enough to wait the minute or mintue and a half that it takes to warm up the bottleThis is a wonderful must-have.
We prefer to use it instead of heating the bottle in the microwave, but sometimes the bottles get too hot, and that is probably because we may have put a little too much water in the measuring tube.
In the beginning we used, the cooler, but we kept forgetting to put the ice pack back in the freezer after she'd taken the 2nd bottle, so now we just use it for the warmer and it has truly worked out really good for usWe have used this warmer every day since our baby was a few weeks old and we love it.
This is much better.
It takes a little bit of time to warm up, but does a good job.
As far as heating up the bottles when I need to, I find it quicker & easier to just pop a mug of water in the microwave for 2 minutes & then let sit the bottle in it for a minute or so.
Plus, there's nothing taking up counter spaceThis is a good idea in theory, but in reality, what baby will wait 5 minutes for a bottle to warm?
The faster, easier solution is to microwave a few ounces of water in a bowl (we use a large Pyrex measuring cup) until the water is hot and put the bottle in the bowl until it's warm.
BUT the bottles simply stay "cool" as the description states when they really need to stay COLD.
The colder the bottle, the longer the warming time and vice verse.
(If someone knows of a better warmer, please email meDuring my first pregnancy I received a Night and Day bottle warmer as a gift.
There are a couple of different basket holders.
Very nice when you have toddlers that like to push buttons.Indicator light to tell you when bottle is done.Warms a bottle in the amount of time it takes you to change the diaper.Very stable.
As a new mommy, this advice from other mothers who actually used the products was invaluable when deciding what to spend money on.
It makes middle-of-the-night feedings so easy!!
The really "wee hour" feedings can be covered without my having to go downstairs.
How nice it is to walk into the nursery, take a bottle from the cooler, put it in the warmer, change baby and feed her...all in good time, without leaving upstairs!
I, being a first time mom, wanted all the baby products out there!
This bottle warmer will heat your bottle in 1-2 minutes -- it's quick and easy.
The product has held up nicely and doesn't take up too much counter spaceThis has been one of the best gifts that we received for our son!
The directions are so easy and the unit has everything you need!
Even with just the light of a nightligt, it is easy to use.
It is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in secondsI simply love this machine!
Basically it is boiling the water and the bottom of the bottle gets really hot and if you use the Vent Air bottle the water drips out of the bottom is it is really hot.
It is so easy to use and makes those middle of the night feedings just a little more tolerable.
If it truly took 5 minutes my guess is that too much water was being put into the resevoir.The next great use is the fact that it's easy and so any Dad - new or experienced - can figure out how to use it to help out.
It's extremely easy to use so it can even be easily used in the middle of the night.The one weakness that I found has to do with warming up breast milk that's been frozen.
It is much easier just to the bottle in a glass on warm waterI got this because I knew eventually I'd have to warm bottles even though I am breastfeeding.
No hot spots as microwaves produce and you can even warm baby food jars in this as well.Only a few times I had put too much water in and the bottle had to cool before I fed my son.It's so quick and is perfect for feedings that every mom should own one, even if you think you'll breastfeed exclusively.
Firstly let me say that we tried A LOT of different bottles to find the right suction for my son and went through Avent, Gerber Nuk, Evenflo, Playtex with the liners and eventually settled on Playtex Ventaire.
All you do is just put the water in, snap on the switch, let the bottle sizzle away for a really short while and you can feed with ease.
I do still have the silicone ones for when the baby gets older as they work better then but for the next few months, if I can ever get him to accept a bottle over the breast, then I will use theseI ended up purchasing the Playtex Nurser bottle with the Drop-ins after trying various other bottles that my baby wouldn't drink from.
They are MUCH softer than silicone nipples, which allows for an easier transition.
I like to call these "gas station bottles," which isn't fair, but in some ways an appropriate description: You can find the bottles ANYWHERE.
They aren't snooty like Dr. Browns or the glass ones, but like I and so many of my mama friends have discovered, the reason YOUR moms used them on you and they are still available is because they WORK and WORK WELL.
And the whole Playtex system is so easy and convenient to use.
It was a decent price, and saved me a trip to go look for themWhen I went back to work after 5+ months of maternity leave, my baby had no interest in drinking from a bottle.
The babysitter discovered that she preferred rubber nipples over silicon ones because they are softer, but she didn't like the shape of other brands, so it was still a struggle to try to get her to drink from a bottle during the day.
We went through numerous different bottle/nipple combinations before finally settling on playtex drop-in nursers and these latex nipples.
We did replace them about every 3-4 months depending on how many we had in rotation.Because my babies could get a good seal on these and it prevented a lot of spilled and wasted milk they were worth getting and I will get them again.
They really were easier to clean, because food didnt get stuck on the bottom, and they really kept the gas at bay.
These bottles are really easy to use, and they are, in fact easier to clean!
They fit in my Avent bottle sterilizer and they are a nice shape to get the milk easier.
Though there are many parts, they work MUCH better than the avents and live up to their word that they make gas much less frequent and a problemThese are the first VentAire bottles I've used, and I'm impressed!
The air bubbles really do vent out!
I also like that the bottom comes off because It allows for better cleaninggreat bottles, no air at all!
If you get this brand of bottle, you'll only be able to use the corresponding parts.For us it's no biggie, it works the best and has so far proven to be a pretty decent investmentMy little one really got angry over the slow flow of the stage one nipples.
If she had to spend any length working to get her food on the slower nipples, she'd turn around and really scream if I tried to nurse her since she was too tired and gassy.
If you nurse too.... her latch got better with the Dr. Brown's, and after getting rid of theseMy wife and I have been using the Avent bottles with our first child, and have been very happy with them.
Like the Avent bottles, they are easy to clean and there are not any thin tube/weird parts that are hard to clean and need to be replaced periodically (which is what drove me away from the Dr. Browns and Tommee Tippie bottles.)
Over all, these are minor issues.They are less expensive, so I could see these being a good alternative for some parents.I would grab these in a pinch if there were no Avent bottles, but I'm sticking to the AventBaby has feeding issues so we have to feed him in an upright position (the NICU feed position) Other bottles were hard to use in this position, but the angle of the ventaire makes it so easy.
The bottle is incredibly easy to clean because both ends can be removed.I unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
This bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leaked.I also liked how these bottles were wide and took similar nipples as the disposable bottles from Playtex, which makes switching back and forth from the Playtex disposable and reusable bottles much easier and causes less nipple confusionI have used Playtex bottles for all my children.
I love the wide because they are easier for my baby girl to grab hold of and learn to hold her own bottle.What I love about this new style is how very little to no air is sucked in.
This meant a better nights sleep for them and me.I also love that Playtex uses bottle liners.
Also a great gift for a new mommy to beI use ONLY these with both of my children.
Even though Born free claim the nipple is slow flow, but my infant just chokes with milk... Vent Air is easy to assemble and to clean.
The angle makes it easier to hold the bottle.
Dr Brown has too many parts to clean and to store.
Overall, i really like these bottles, and strongly recommend themThese are very good bottles.
My son is taking good to them, and they work very well in a bottle warmerThese bottles work very well as long as all parts are totally dry.
I had tried Playtex in the past but didn't care for the smaller nipple and found that if I wasn't really careful with sealing the bottle it would leak.
They are easy to clean and store.
I highly recommend these if you are looking for a wider nipple and something that is easy to clean but will still prevent airflow to your childI can't speak to the 'science' behind the design and if the 'ventAire' does what it claims to.
But they are a good well-designed bottle that our daughter likes.
If you are willing to keep track of a couple or more pieces per bottle as a good trade off for the 'ventAire' system then these are a good bottle choiceFor the most part I am very pleased with this product.
It cut down on the gas problems my daughter had and really I had no trouble cleaning them.
It is not difficult for a baby to drink from the nipple which is a good and reasonable size.I like the way the bottles come in sections which make clean up jobs easier.
You don't have residual feedings left in these bottles for that very reason.The angled shape make it easy for whoever is holding the bottle.
This also results in less gas and burping and a cleaner feeding time all aroundSo I don't normally review, however I really like this product and highly recommend it to all of my friends.
It was very important for me to breastfeed my baby and I was afraid of nipple confusion and/or baby preferring bottle and rejecting me.
These bottles are very easy to clean and very easy to use.
My are in perfect working condition and I will be using and buying more if we have more kids.
It may be because he's getting older and eating more baby food and all, but I'll gladly give credit to the bottles!I'm going to point out a few things about these bottles that we've observed and you can decide whether that part is positive or negative.-After using "straight" bottles, these do take a bit of getting used to.
Since the top is curved, it's easier to spill the formula if you don't turn it with the lower side towards you when pouring it in.-The small bottle is 6 ounces as opposed to 5 ounces on all the other bottles we've used.
At first, I was really excited about this, but you still can't make a 6 ounce bottle using powdered formula.
I'll admit sometimes it gets to be a pain with so many peices, but most bottles these days have a lot of pieces.-There's different colors, so there's a variety.
When you're putting the bottles together it does take a little more time trying to match up the tops and bottoms according to color, but that part isn't absolutely necessary.
I would prefer and in between.
If you're using breast milk, the "slow" nipple is perfect.
If you put cereal in the bottle, the fast nipple is perfect for that.
(I think this set only comes with "fast" nipples).Overall, we are VERY pleased with them!
Even my husband is happy with themMy favorite is the Playtex Drop-ins bottles, just because you don't have to wash bottles and can just throw in a new liner, but these are my second favorite.
I'm going out to purchase a couple of different bottles to see if we can find one that works better for usI think this is my baby's favorite bottle nipple shape.Like many others, I was worried these bottles would leak but they don't!
Hurray!I really wanted to try these to see if they'd cut down on burping.
This is great when I'm out and about without my bottle brush.- The shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too although the 9 oz size is very unwieldy for young babies.- DISHWASHER SAFE!Cons:- Water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water (but once you realize that it's easy to shake it out).- Can't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas.- I wish this set came with an extra vent disk and nipple like the multi-size setOur baby was almost exclusively breast fed from the start.
She is now 12 weeks old and since I am going back to work this week, we started being more diligent 2 weeks ago with the bottle.
I also like how the bottle comes apart so that you can clean it wellI don't particularly understand the technology behind this model of baby bottles, but I do know that I see plenty of bubbles end up in the bottles while feeling my daughter.
I normally use the drop-ins bottles and I don't prefer one bottle over the other.
I do like that the bottle is bent so it is easier to feed my baby.
My best friend and my sister swore by these.
My best friend had warned me that they took a little while for the baby to get used to, and she was right.
One of the best pieces of advice I got came from a salesperson at Babies 'R Us.
The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
I like how's it's BPA free, leak-proof, and easy to clean.
He's barely starting to hold his own bottle, and the curve really helps.
Will try the standard bottles since the ventaire system does seem to workHighly recommend buying online from Amazon the prices in the store are a lot higher these are good bottles cause you can actually hear the air coming out bottom less colic, and you can take them apart so your getting a cleaner bottle and can order different flow nipples .
The bottom valve is easy to remove and clean and goes back together like a dream.2.
The wide mouth style was super easy to clean.
I find them really easy to clean and I have used these bottles with my now 20 month old twin boys (just without the natural nipples) The bottom piece is a godsend since I dont have to SCRUB to get the gunk out of the bottle!
It is VERY easy to clean, I just rinse out the bottles in the sink ((just some warm water and soap)), and then I put the long bottle part on the highest rack of my dishwasher, and the rings, bases, nipples and disks go into the smaller baskets that I purchased for the dishwasher.
They are for keeping the nipple sanitary on-the-go.
If there is still liquid in the bottle, I cary it straight up in the stroller, or cap it with the solid caps ((sold separately...
I found them at BRU)).All in all GREAT bottles, highly recommendedMy son is 3 months old and from birth has been extremely gassy.
I originally used the Dr. Browns bottles because I had heard SO many good things about them.
I recently decided to try the VentAire bottle, based on a friend who was happy with them.
As soon as I switched I noticed a major reduction in my sons gas.
I also immediately noticed that he was burping better, both during and after a feeding.
I highly recommend these bottles, especially if you are dealing with spitting up and gas issues.
Putting the bottles together is an extra step, but a lot less time consuming than putting together the Dr. Browns bottles, and it's well worth the effortI actually requested this product from the Vine program for a friend who just had a baby and she is pleased as punch with these bottles.
Playtes is a trusted product and these bottles are nice and wide and help your baby go from breast to bottle with ease.
These would make a great shower gift as you get three neutral colored bottles and they are nine ounces which as all you good mommies know is the perfect sizeBottle warmer fail.
First time I warmed the formula in a Dr. Brown bottle, this time I didn't want to create extra clean up work for myself.
These are awesome!
Just unscrew and clean all parts (which is not require lots of time, patience, and tools)!
Now that is easy if a man can figure out the fine art of bottle assembly and dissasembly.
The wider bottle is easier for an adult to hold but seems heavier if your baby tries to.
Overall, 5 starsThe vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
The flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
I prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.As far as reducing gas, I haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andThe First Years Breastflow Bottlewhich I also use.
I typically prefer The First Years bottle because of the slower flow.
While they aren't mom, he is consolable and accepting of this system!
Certainly makes feeding time while mom's away a whole lot less stressfulI love these bottles.
They are super easy to clean because they come completely apart (the bottom comes off) and they don't leak.
The shape is great for holding and the colors are nice and generic.Highly recommendedWe've used these and the AVENT bottles.
Well, we got the "neutral" colors (green, blue, yellow) and only fast nipples, which is perfect.
(For some reason, I can't find a reasonably price set of just the fast nipples for these anywhereI know they have a lot of parts and are kind of a pain to clean but my daughter loves them.
With the extra time and energy that goes into cleaning them they are really worth itThis is the only bottle/nipple our breastfed baby would take expressed breastmilk in.
which means its probably better feeling for baby!
The size one flow is perfect for my son.
every baby is different) and he has spit up only twice.
I thought these would be perfect to try with him.
I gave his mom the pack of regular bottles and I keep these at my house to use with him when he's here.
Personally I prefer the wide bottles, they seem easier to hold but that could be because I'm dealing with my 2 kids at the same time as the baby.I used a much more expensive brand with my last baby who is 4 now.
Wish I had known these existed, they're far easier to clean and much easier on the walletMy experience with these bottles was overall great.
I like that the bottoms come off as well as the tops, this makes for easier cleaning.
In my opinion, when it comes to bottles, many moms have their own idea of which type is best, i feel that this is a bottle worth consideration by the first time mom, as well as the 2nd, 3rd, or 4th time mom.
There were several different bottles i had received as gifts, that just didn't work for me, and they went wasted with no use from meI tried the orginal VentAires to help my baby with gas, but he didn't seem to like those nipples at all, so when I found these I bought them right away.
He loves these and does so much better with the nipples.
I find them easier to put together and clean then the regular VentAires alsoThis bottle works great with my Medela pump in style, using the Playtex Breast Milk Storage Kit.
Playtex offers a variety of nipple (slow,medium,fast,variable,&cereal;) flows so it is easy to find a nipple flow that matches your flow :), also a very important factor when switching.
They're really easy to clean since they come apart, and the parts are easy to clean.
I've found that the storage kits (deluxe kit and the ones in the permium nurser gift set) including sealing discs that are the flimsy silicone pieces that fit into the nipple ring work better with the Ventaires than the sealing discs in this kit.
So really, I would recommend looking for the deluxe/premium storage kit.When you're ready for the bottle just warm up some water in the microwave, and then plop the bottle into the water.
I was hopeful that she might like the VentAire bottles, but they were a fail.
The bottle has six parts total.Overall, while the bottles look nice, I think the Ventaire concept is really a gimmack and a poorly executed one at that.
Good luck to you but definitely give these a tryI like the VentAire bottles, they are easier for my baby to hold while eating, and do seem to reduce gas.
I tried these hoping that it would help my baby sleep better with less gas but there were several problems right away.
I love the shape of them because they are easy to hold.
These are pretty pastel colors and are easy to clean.
These bottles are the perfect companion.
The nipples are interchangeable, so my son has no problem with the bottle change-up.I was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled, but I think he just likes me holding it, so he has yet to hold the bottle himself.
I do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because I can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.The bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom.
The bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
I would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.Overall, a great bottle.
I suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jumpThese were SUCH a pain to clean and use - my kitchen looked like a science lab.
We had been using shorter, fatter bottles and it was frustrating to my daughter since she really wanted to hold it on her own, but she had difficulty with the bottle design.
The bottles are easy to clean and sanitize.
We also use some formula that might be clog-prone, but we didn't have this problem with our other brand of bottlesWe've been relatively happy with these bottles, but I think we may have gone with something different if we had done any research.
We havent been able to identify the exact cause, because as far as we can see, they're clean and assembled correctly.
Silly.Having not used anything else, I can't really compare.
Parents in our parent's group seem to all use something different and they all seem happy with their choice whether it was the Dr. Browns, Medela, etcI'm happy with these bottles so far though they are a bit slow with feeding.
The multiple parts (5) make it easy to get these bottles clean.
I knew that Playtex was good but I had problems telling how many oz.
It is the best bottle that I have ever seenWe tried several different types of bottles.
I prefer these hands down.
There are multiple parts to wash but since they work so well I don't mind it at allThese bottles really work!
The only downside to these is that each bottle has 5 parts, so if you don't have a dishwasher they would be pain to clean.
You should also know that if you plan to pump into these bottles you will need an adapterThis Playtex 3 pack BPA Free VentAire 9 Ounce Wide Bottles are for my grandson and according to my daughter are perfect for himI bought one of these bottles because i likes the idea of being more like the breast, and i wanted to breast feed.
I couldnt breastfeed but my son only really likes "dome" type nipples.
I use the normal ventaire ones and he love them and has no problemI was happy to try these Playtex VentAire Natural Shape bottle's for my daughter.
If you make them to tight they leak, to loose they leak, very fine line.... soo when I had the opportunity to try these out and had something to compare them to I was quite happy to do so.Right off the bat I liked the design of them, and the way the top was angled.
In fact she likes them better and seeks them out when wanting her bottle.
The state 2 nipples are fast flow and for her were perfect.
I like how the bottle and the top come off so you can clean the entire bottle with easy, rather then a fight.
Safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning.
Colors May VaryDesigned for babies switching between breast and bottle or transitioning from breast to bottle feedingVentAire Advanced bottles are easy to clean and come with a leak-proof, breakproof guaranteeBPA freeMade by Playtex - A leader in infant feedingColors vary: Boy-white/green/blue, Girl-white/yellow/pink, Neutral-white/green/yellow1.
Bottle is easier to clean.
Sure it comes in pieces, but I like the fact that because the bottom comes apart, I can really get the bottles clean.
Since the bottle curves upwards, the weight of the bottle is dispursed centrally so the baby has an easier time holding it.4.
Doesn't leak if you have it screwed on correctlyOrdered these bottles and am very happy with my purchase.
The wide bottle makes it easier for baby to hold on to while the feeder is also able to hold on to assist the baby.
It's a bigger silicone ring, much like the nipple, but the center isn't solid so that the bottom of the bottle can 'breathe' and let air in.
Babies will certainly voice their opinions, but if you're in need of something that helps eliminate air and potential gas, these may be a good choiceThis is the only bottle I've used for my baby.
I've been using it since day one after being a nanny for many years and seeing how different bottles act differently.
Plus, the bottom comes out so you can just use a sponge to clean the bottle.
Excellent productScientific ingenuity at it's best.
I love that Playtex always seems to put it's best foot forward when it comes to the health and comfort of our little ones.
In addition to the nipple being good, they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
They come apart easily (into 4 pieces: nipple, bottle, bottom air vent, bottom ring to hold the air vent on) and are a lot easier to clean than some of the other types of bottles we've had that have a lot of smaller pieces.
The best feature is the size, as you can get 7 ounces in it, but is short and squat and easier for the baby to hold ontoThere are so many types and styles and brands of bottles on the market now that it's hard to know which to try and use - often it's dictated by what your baby chooses and works best for them.
We tried many styles/brands of bottles and the Playtex VentAire bottles worked best for us and our daughter - we definitely noticed a lot less spitting up when we used these bottles.The design of the bottle easily reduces the amount of air that baby consumes, and when assembled properly there are no issues with leaks whatsoever.
The wider nipple base makes it easier for babies who are transitioning from breast to bottle, and you can purchase nipples with a different flow rate so you don't have to purchase new bottles as your baby's needs advance.I love that Playtex now makes their products BPA free, it's just one more thing to love about their products.As with any of the newer style bottles that are designed to reduce spit-up/colic/gas there are a few extra bottle parts to clean and assemble - with these bottles it is he vent piece that goes in the bottom of the bottle, and the plastic ring that holds it into place.
This is a minor draw-back really as it only takes a moment to clean these, and I actually like that it allows me to get the bottle brush all the way through the body of the bottle and clean it thoroughly.
Any bottle that does not have an opening at both ends really limits how clean you are able to get it.Overall we are very happy with these - they're affordable and work very well for us - highly recommendedmy daughter didn't like these to much, but she did burp less with these.
if your transitioning from breast to bottle don't use these that's where I messed up atThese bottles are the best I have used.
They come in attractive colors, but most importantly, they are great for semi-upright feeding.
The caps for the bottles snap on really well and prevent spills if the bottle gets tipped over.Although there are several parts to be cleaned after each use (the nipple, cap, vent disk, bottle body) all of the parts are easy to clean and can be sterilized safely using a microwave sterilizer.
But since she got these, the baby is less gaseous, happier, and that means his parents sleep a little better at night.
This now is her preferred brand, thanks to the Vine programI've used these bottles for all three of my kids as they are the only thing I've found that most closely resemble the breast.
The two size option is good as your baby grows and his appetite followsI tried some of the originals of this product when they hit the market.
Including these overpriced bottles.The good:The do drastically reduce gas compared to standard bottles.They are easy to sanitize since they can be disassembled.They come in really pretty colors.The newer models seem to have better rubber rings that the first design.The bad:There are other bottles that do a better job of reducing gas.They are a PAIN IN THE BUTT to clean.
Must be completely disassembled.If you don't fit the rubber rings in to perfection, they leak.They don't always leak right away, so if you prep a bottle ahead of time, you may find it in the fridge seeping out everywhere.The rings break down after continued use and you will have to replace them.Replacement rings are so hard to find and expensive that you're better off buying new bottles.The don't fit in any standard bottle holder because of their strange shape.They are incompatible with bottle warmers.I will continue to use these because my baby is almost off of bottles and they were really pricey to acquire, but I wouldn't endorse them highlyThese are my babies preferred bottles.
The down side is there are 6 pieces per bottle, the upside is that they're easy to clean thoroughlyThese are a nice shower gift because just about every new mom gets newborn-size breastfeeding bottles, but these are a great transition item (kind of like giving a new mom a size 6 months onesie, so she has more than just the first month covered).
It's a nice touch that they are BPA freeDr.
The number of parts to clean is comparable to Dr. Brown's bottles, but Dr. Brown's bottles at least provides you with a cleaning brush to clean the interior nipple; with Playtex, you're out of luck.
But they fit well into the hand and the angle is goodAll of the bottles out there have slightly different features.
The shape of the bottle is a little different too, but that really didn't make it any easier or more difficult in any way for us, so that was more of a style difference than anything else.
It is easy to clean as the parts come apart simply.
9oz is a good size bottle for growing babies and their tremendous appetites.
)A bit frustrating that my pump is not compatible (Avent) so I have storage bottles and feeding bottles and somehow I managed to get two systems with lots of little parts but my girl is happy and healthy so it's all worth itThis set is great for a baby that is a few months old and is drinking more.
They are a little stiff, but after more use it is easier to twist them off and on.
It comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.All of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly, making transporting milk easier.
Cleaning is easy, just twist off the top and bottom and remove the nipples and vents.
All parts have held up well through multiple washings.I would highly recommend these bottles.
There are several little pieces that are part of these bottles, but they seem to do a good job of limiting gas, etc.
All I can say is that these have been perfect for us.
Dr. B best bottles ever specially for gassy babiesThis is an excellent product that works as advertised.
The bottles don't leak, they're easy to clean, and the nipple is much better than most other baby bottles.
They also have a nice shape and they look pretty nice too.My one major complaint is about the way the product comes packaged.
For only $20, you can get thePlaytex VentAire ADVANCED BPA Free Wide Bottle Newborn Starter Set, which includes FIVE bottles, several extra nipples of different sizes, extra bottle caps, and extra vent disks.
The newborn starter kit is a much better value.
Moms know that every minute counts when you have a little one and there are better options out thereMom loved these but with other more high-tech bottles, it takes a while to get into "the zone."
Following the directions is important and it takes a little practice.
She said it was a little frustrating at first but once both mom and baby got it figured out, feedings went wellI have a six month old, and we're transitioning into solid foods and into faster-flow bottles, as he no longer needs the slow flow bottles he's been using.
My baby isn't particularly picky; he'll drink from anything, so, for me, it's about 1) how easy is it to clean; and 2) how easy is it to hold?
I love how it comes apart becasue it makes it so easy to clean.
Makes it easy for him to go from bottle to breast with no problems.
The angled bottle makes it easy to feed letting in no air.
There are about 5 parts total to the bottle, but it is very easy to take apart and clean with no special tool needed.
Playtex makes decent sippy cups but their bottles are uselessI started with Dr. Browns bottles but since I don't have a dishwasher I was ready to shoot myself when cleaning them.
These are so much better.Super easy to clean (I just soak everything in the sink with hot water, dish soap and a little white vinegar) and the bent angle has been great.
My baby is a super fast eater and I can actually slow him down by twisting the bottle while in his mouth after a few gulps and letting him suck on the empty nipple, then twist back again to give him a little more, repeat the process until he's done.
I found the condensation from the warmer does collect in the bottom lid gap but I just cap the bottle, turn upside and tap the bottom on a kitchen towel to get the excess water out.Highly recommend these if you have a fast eaterJust what this type a mom needed to organize the closet.
Love that it comes in two colors, multiple sizes prepared, and that you have a decent quantity includedI'm having a baby girl but wanted a different color since there is so much pink in her closet so didn't want any more pink.
Decided to go with the Sage and it looked like a light green online but when we received it, it was a different darker green than what is shown.
I'm sure if it wasn't for husbands there really would be no need for theseThese have been really fantastic.
I received tons of clothes at my shower and these really did help me organize all of it before my baby came and organization was out of the questionIts everything I was expecting!
I loved how its really easy to just peel off the sticker sizes and could re-use as your baby growsThis product has helped me keep my son's closet organized as he grows.
Now I can keep different sizes in the closet while staying organizedI have to be honest.
I will definitely purchase these for any future children I have, and continue to use them for many years to comeThis is a must have for all new, and really any mom!
LOVE ITThis is a great product to help keep your baby's closet organized, newborn to 12 months old.Now if only the different baby clothes brands could sync up their sizes!!!!
I think I would have been better off with the ones where the dividers show on the sideThese are helpful to keep the different clothes sorted by size so you can put clothes of many sizes in the closet without getting them mixed up and making it easier to locateGot exactly what I wanted in this product.
Very easy to use, divides things nicely, and is a good quality productI dont know what kind of crazy closet bar we have, I know it is new and was purchased at a hardware store...and these do not fit.
I really like that tooJust bought this the other day and got them in and already have them hung in my little girls closet!
I am a organizer and these are perfect for organizing your childs closetAfter my baby shower, I received so many baby clothes of different sizes.
These organizers made my job easier with hanging and finding baby clothes at the correct sizeI'm glad I bought these and it would be really helpful if the hubs would actually read the labels so I wouldn't have to reorganize every weekSimple....effective...nothing fancy...works fine for me!
A definite must for a nurseryThese look great in the closet and do what they do: organize clothing by size.
Not essential, but I'm happy I bought themI just wished it was wider to fit more loosely on my closet rod.
The color is a bit more earthy and darker than pictured but it really doesn't matter and they are working out fine.Update: They really are not good on wooden rods as they barely fit and have to be forced if you want to move them at allWith 3 boys close in age who all share one closet, these organizers are a must!
Color - the color is rich and very noticeable hanging in the closet.2.
I highly recommend this product to any expectant parent who enjoys having everything organizedLove this.
My husband was getting confused in my baby's closet whenever he had to get clothe for her and this helps him differentiate the different size clotheI got these after we announced we were pregnant to help keep track of all of those awesome gifted baby clothes.
It was super easy to see what we had, and as folks asked what we needed, I was able to say &#34;more 6 months clothes&#34;.
They're greatI realized very early on that I was receiving so many different sized clothes for my new baby girl that I couldn't keep track of how many pieces of clothing I had in each size.
But as soon as I received them and put them in the closet I realized how much easier it was to keep track of what I had in each size.
I had previously just been looking at the total amount in the closet and thinking I was doing good on the clothing supply.
Because I received so many larger sized clothes from recent new mom friends and shower gifts I was running out of room for smaller sizes so my next purchase is a closet doubler (see my link).Organize It All 1346W Closet Doubler, ChromeI think these two products will compliment each other very well!
I also love the color variety of spoons it comes withThese are wonderful baby spoons.
A nice producti have these for my diaper bag and sometimes i toss them, but sometimes i mix them up with the other spoons and put them in the dishwasher.
they have never melted and are sturdy enough to reuseThese are almost too nice to &#34;toss&#34;, unless you really had to.
Very easy to hold, colorful, and sturdyThese are a must have, used with both my children.
for when I inevitably forget a regular spoon.They're the perfect size for little mouths and great to swap in when someone wants to just teethe on the spoon instead of eating.
)Also, the handles are easier for ME to hold than the flat metal ones - the contours give me a better grip.We're starting to try to get her to feed herself and I'm offering her these and the toddler-sized take-and-toss spoons to use.
I am super impressed with theseGreat deal.
I love that I don't have to worry about pitching them, if we are out somewhere and it's easiest to do so.
They were super affordable and they are a great sized spoon fir my 5mo olds mouth.
They are small and wash wonderfully, and they fit in our bag to bring around with us.
They washed really well in the dishwasher because they are thicker and sturdier.
These are smaller so they fit better in his little hand.
The colors are wonderful.
The size was perfect, they were sturdy and not flimsy or cheap like an adult disposable spoon.
I will definitely purchase these for any future vacations and will even keep spares in my diaper bag in case I forget to pack his normal spoonsThese spoons are the perfect size for first feeders.
These are really light too, unlike the spoons that have metal conponents.
These work the best, are cheap and are BPA free and recyclableA great value.
Since we don't have a dishwasher, it's awesome to have a huge supply of baby spoons in case we don't get around to washing all the dishes right away.
These spoons are incredibly easy to clean (NOTHING sticks to them!
You get a lot of spoons for a low price, and they are durable yet don't hurt my baby's teeth when he wants to chew on one, and he also can't chew threw them because they are thick and sturdy.
These spoons are keepers, and I will order more if I end up losing too manyNice and shallow, easy to use, plus easy for my daughter to hold.
Plus, like everyone else is saying - no need to toss, they can easily be washed over and over againThese spoons are perfect for babies just starting solids.
They are light weight, easy to hold small amounts of pur&eacute;ed food and I love that they are dishwasher safe.
The plastic used to make them is pretty sturdy so I would definitely re-use them.
I have a daughter, so, it was a pleasant surprise.The size is perfect for my 9 month old daughter's little mouth.
It is a nice big mirror and I can see my daughter very well, without it blocking my rear window.
The SUV is a different story.
Even so, it is still better than the other mirror we tried initiallyI bought this mirror because it was far larger than the adjustable suction-cup mirror I had on the rear windshield of my car.
I suppose it's okay for a fabric-covered seat or for a small car that doesn't have fold-down rear seats, but for an SUV or minivan it's really not usableAfter buying and returning no fewer than 4 different mirrors for our car, this one finally made the cut.
The mirror was easy to install in our Jeep Grand Cherokee and we liked that there were no extra lights, sounds or cartoon characters.NOW...after a few sneezes in the carseat, the mirror was covered with spots.
We tried to clean it, but the whole surface just smeared!
It is worth every pennyThis is OK.. Its really hard to position and in a smaller car isnt really worth it.
It's good in a SUV or something like that so I use it in my mom's Blazer and it works goodThis stove guard looks okay and was a breeze to install.
It has easy removal for washing.
Out kitchen is odd shape so child proof gates don't fit.
Again, the design is ideal, it just needs to remain in place, and I am confident I can get to stickThis is a good enough idea, but it doesn't work.
I am very pleased with this productI used it for a few days and I felt very safe but as soon as I washed the stove the 3m stickies came off.
I do plan to use some rubbing alcohol to clean the stovetop edge where I plan to put the tape.
Our stove has cast iron grates that get really hot when we cook.
These apply really easy with double sided tape that is included and have withstood the heat.
Come off really easy out of their brackets to clean.
Hopefully I can help out another mom by posting this review.
There is no need to purchase two if you double pump.
I would definitely buy againI really, really needed this conversion kit to work so that I can cut down on the amount of hand washing I do each day.
After reading other reviewers comment they used it with their Medela pumps, I was hopeful.
It really cuts down on the amount of time it takes to make my baby's bottles now because I can pump directly into her bottles.
as another reviewer has mentioned, the nipples on the medela bottle tend to collapse.
i definitely recommend getting some extraPhilips AVENT Adaptor Bottle Rings(to prevents leaks) - they're small and easy to loseI bought these so that I can attach my Avent bottles directly to my Medela breast pump.
It connects perfectly and makes it easy for me to pump direct into the bottle rather than having to transfer the milk from container to container and risk contaminating it.
Love that you can buy the Avent in a two pack for your double pump.
I had to buy the Tommee Tippee converters individuallyThis products comes with 2 different conversion rings (2 of each).
Also wish that the 2 different rings were sold separately, I have no use for the other typeThis is an excellent accessory to get along with any Avent breast pump and/or Avent bottles.
I've used it with the Medela personal double electric and the manual Harmony.
Of course the breast pump and bottle industry can't make it easy for everything to work together.
It would be better if avent just made the threads go all the way around...
Two different sizes comes in the box.
After returning my AVENT pump and realizing that I would have to go with a different brand I immediately bought these.
Much better than having to buy additional bottles just for pumping.
As other reviews have mentioned, there was no instruction manual, but really you just screw on the top of the AVENT bottle and screw into the bottom of the pump system - very easy.
No leaks, easy to clean, works just like the description claimedThe box specifically states the brands of pumps it supposedly fits, but I could not get the threading to fit on my Lansinoh pumpI purchased these so that I could pump directly from a Medea pump to my avent bottles and it works perfectlyI am currently using the adapters to connect my Medela Symphony Kit to my Avent bottles.Cons:1.
My Medela is ancient - at least a decade old but the newer pump parts still fit it, so these go from the standard bottle size to fit the Avent bottles.I have both the super wide nipple Avent bottles as well as the classic size and these adapters fit fine.I also have the Avent Via storage system and the wider converter fits those just fine as well.I don't know what the other reviews mean about leaking....
They are great!I highly recommend them to all pumping mothersI love the idea of these.
It was so nice to get these and be able to pump directly into my son's bottles as opposed to the pump bottles that would then have to be poured into his bottles.
Less to clean up and less chance for spillsWorked as expected.
Easy to place on the pump and bottlesI love being able to pump directly into bottles instead of having to transfer and dirty more bottles/containers than already necessary.
Saves so much time between transferring to the bottles from the ones that come with the bottle and on cleaning time because there's less to clean.
Less effort on my part means a happy mom and a happy baby!
They should advertise this product better!
I wish I had these with my firstThis kit is a MUST HAVE for any mom who is pumping with a Medela PISA and using Avent bottles to feed your baby.
It's so much easier to use this attachment.
JUST REMEMBER TO USE THE BLUE RING and you'll be good to go!
I only found this 4 months into pumping and I really wished I had found it sooner, so don't hesitate and just purchase this already.
These work perfectly, I have never had any issues with leaks or spillsThey work like they're supposed to, though they add a little bulk to the whole process.They are easy to clean and they make most of my bottles and pumps compatible with each other nowi was looking for something that can let me use my medela pump and pump right into my avent bottles, and found this adaptor to use.
That way, my mom can just attach the nipple to the bottles.
I am ordering other types of bags to try... but so far Lasinoh bags work the best.
If anyone is interested, I can post a picture of the adapters connected to the drop in bottles with the storage bagsnow i can use my medela pump to express milk and easily store in avent bottles.no more transfer here and thereThis product surely protects my leather seats but my car seat seat slides around on the seat when its in place.
There are better ones out thereIt is ok.
Worth every pennyWe used this product under our Graco infant carrier car seat base and it worked wonderfully.
After he showed me how to really get that base in tight, the seat didn't move it all.
Those having problems may just need to put a little more oomph behind their car seat installationI bought two of these and thank goodness BRU let me take them back.
It is a very good product.Pros:- Quick and easy to use- Warms liquid uniformly- Fits bottles of all sizes, including the odd shape Tommee TippeeCons:- The steam is very hot and picking bottle out during heating can cause burns if not done carefully- No temp control, and thus getting the right temp is a hit and miss and requires trial/error everytime- Once the heater switches off, need to wait for 5-10 mins before using a second time (we did find a workaround of pouring cold water to let the element cool which allows immediate reheating)A must have for every nursery and mom whether warming formula or preserved breast milk from the fridgeLike other reviewers, I have had nothing but problems with this thing!
Cons: The bottles are extremely hot to the touch and you have to let them cool before comfortably holding them.
And it heats FAST!This makes a very economical and thoughtful baby gift - I have already purchased two for friendsI find that I have trouble getting each bottle to the perfect temperature.
Does take about 3-4 minutes which seems like a long time if the baby is really hungry, Overall does the jobWe had the last model with our first child and got this one for the cost and ease of use.
You either have to warm it twice, put in double the amount of water or place bottle in a bowl of hot water.
However, for bottles at room temperature, it is perfect.
Actually they somestimes can get too warm and have to be cooledI have tried a few bottle warmers and this definitely the best.
During the day we use the bottle in the kitchen and at night we take it upstairs to our bathroom for easy feedings.2-The price!
In most cases, you'd have to buy a more expensive bottle warmer just for auto shutoff feature.4-Easy to clean and even easier to use.
I usually aim low (just to take the chill out of the milk) so it really doesn't bother me and baby doesn't mind either.
We're also heating up about 3 ozs in an 8 oz bottle so that may have something to do with the varying temperature.Overall, I highly recommend this bottle warmer.
It beats standing in front of a running faucet or boiling water just to warm some milkThis bottle warmer is easy to use and works quickly.
We've been using it for a month and haven't had a single issue with itI think this warmer is awesome.
It's very portable, easy to use, and works fast.
Remember, different bottles will necessitate different amounts of water.
I highly recommend itI work part time and EBF my son.
All other bottles work awesome thoughPositives:1.
SatisfiedThere's better warmers out there but this ones ok. Tomme tippee is a better warmer.
The Dr. Browns is much better, and we have found that one works great for Dr. Browns, First Years and Playtex bottlesi started to use this one 2 months ago since the baby is borned, and it work perfectly fine.
I get a brown residue on the bottom, but I attribute that to the water quality, because I get it on my steam sterlizer, which is a different brandI read a lot of reviews about other bottle warmers.
This one is pretty easy and straight forward.
It does an excellent job at warming our bottles.
It's important to keep the bottom of the reservoir clean, otherwise minerals in the water start collecting and will burn and smell.
I was pleased with the performance for the price paidLadies, listen to me.
However, you will make Dad's life so much easier with this little thing.Imagine with me.
For you, normally you'd probably think &#34;No big deal, I'll just whip out my food bringers.&#34; Not so easy for dad though, is it?
But do you (mom) really want me (dad) dangling our infant daughter around a red hot stove?
If you're not going to get this for you - at least consider it for Dad.Pros:-- Instructions are clear (and pretty easy to remember)-- Easy to use (even with one arm)-- Milk temperature is adjustable by you; it might take a few times to get it right, but after that it's easy peasy.-- Most bottles fit well, even the Comotomo (made to mimic the boob, and avoid nipple confusion - highly recommended)-- Small - doesn't take up much counter spaceCons:-- Not very easy to clean - I've read something about vinegar.
Was a life saverI was really disappointed with this warmer it takes a long time to heat and it heats unevenly.
I just pour the milk into the bottle, plop it in the warmer, and it is heated to the perfect temperature with the touch of a button!
I highly recommend this productThis works great!
I use first years gum drop bottlesI reluctantly gave this product 5 stars because...#1 - IT'S THE FASTEST WARMER ON THE MARKET.It's PERFECT for my Playtex drop-in/liner bottlesIt's compactIt also heats foodIt automatically shuts off and therefore...It can be left plugged inNo cleaning neededThe instructions are simpleHere's how to really use this product.-Throw out the instructions the manufacturer provides-Fill that vial to the max with water-Dump all the water into the warmer-Place your bottle in there-Periodically check your bottle... like after a minute and then every 15-20 seconds after that swirling/shaking between checks-ServeMy nighttime routine usually goes like this... get the 6oz bottle, fill the vial to the max, pour the water in the warmer and turn it on, place the bottle inside the warmer, go to the bathroom, return and check bottle, place the bottle back in the warmer, check one or two more times and it's usually ready, set aside.
Only because this warmer is so fast and speed is more important to me.
But my method really works for me because I use disposable liner bottles and those are easier to heat.
It is awful for the solid bottles, I don't know what works best for those.Okay, I think I've covered all.
Once I received it (I got 2, one for upstairs and one for downstairs), I read the very short and easy directions, and voila!
I'm planning on using a syringe so that I can have a fail safe, thoughtless, easy way to get the right amount of water in the heater.
Even if you measure with the test tube and the meniscus is in the same place every time, you get wildly different temps.
It does warm the bottle to the perfect temperature.
I switched to the Dr. Brown's bottle warmer and haven't had a problemI have tried 3 different bottle warmers.
This one is the 2nd best.
So when I got this gift at my baby shower I just smiled and packed it away until she needed to eat solid food.I've been using bottles since she was five days old and this has been a life saver.
The product review says it's stylish but who cares?
What we really need is functionality and usability and this warmer is neither.
I'm lucky I didn't throw away my trusty little pot since I'm back to warming up the old fashioned way on the stoveWe have a new baby boy that was born about a month ago.
My wife and I have divided our duties and I'm the lucky chap who gets up at night and feeds him.
Using it is fairly quick and easy.
Otherwise, the warmer is nice looking and easy to keep clean.
Do I need it to be perfect?
Maybe we keep our refrigerator really cold but the first time we warmed according to the water measurement it barely warmed it.
It's easy to clean thoughI did not have one of these for my first son.
When I had my second, I just went ahead and bought one in hopes it would make my life easier...boy, did it!
As per instructions, I *have tried filling it up to 10 instead of 7 and it really didnt help anyThis is a great product...a must have for nursing mothers who pump and also for formula babies!
This warmer is easy to use and warms up the bottles pretty quickly for that crying baby who can't wait for that milk.
It does take a few tries to get used to how much water to use in the warmer for the perfect temp.
We bought it everywhere with us; friends, famliy, vacation etc.Ok now what I don't like is that I used vinegar to clean it out often, but it still has build up on the bottom.
The microwave only takes 30 seconds and it's the same temperature EVERY time.If you're heating expressed breastmilk I can see why someone would need a bottle warmer.Otherwise, what is the pointThis bottle warmer is probably the best $16 I've spent for the sheer convenience of being able to warm a bottle quickly.
The other variable to this device is the little plastic ring that is placed over the top of the warmer (it states "Not to be used with disposable bottles" around the top of it) adds to keeping the steam within the warming chamber- so if you take it off it make take an extra bit of water to get the milk warmed to baby's preference.
I took this ring off because I just couldn't get it to sit flat over the removable basket.The product is fairly small and doesn't take up too much counter space, something that was also important to me since I hate clutter on kitchen counters.
The one thing I don't care for about this product is the way the little water dispenser attaches to the side, or rather how it doesn't really attach easily to the side.
Follow the easy directions and you have the right temp.
Would recommend this itemWith all the restrictions on how you can warm breastmilk, this was the best thing.
Works better then others we have tried.
I'll be trying a different brand all togetherThis really is a great product.
That method works much better.
The bottle warmer concept is solid and attractive, but this particular model fails.
I used this with many different types of bottles (e.g., Advent, Playtex, Dr. Brown.
etc..) and it works for all of them.I would prefer the Dr Brown warmer below which has certainly more featureshttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0035LLG2W/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0035LLG2W&linkCode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20I love this bottle warmer.
I am a first time mom and this has been a life saver.
I would highly recommend this product and company.If this was a helpful review please select the &#8216;yes&#8217; button belowunit works fine , warms the bottles as advertized - as for sticking to the timeline and checking the warmth of the milk -- I always double check - glass bottles warm up quicker then the plastic onceThis works great, and is super fast at heating up the bottles, but the only problem is that the bottles Im using (the breast flow 4oz) are short enough that pulling them out gets you steam burns on your fingers, and thats if you can grasp it!
Despite following the instructions to a tee, the bottles NEVER came out perfect.
Would be a pain to fill the little tube with water everytime if it were the primary warmer at home but as a secondary it's wonderful.
This less crying my hungry baby does, the better.
At first, you have to figure out what amount of water will get your bottle to a good temperature.
Once that is figured out, the warmer is so easy to use.
As it gets dirty, it tends to become inconsistant.I definately give this Bottle Warmer 2 thumbs up.
It saves time and makes a perfect bottle every time!As some of the other reviewers note, you DO need to read the directions to find out how much water to use with the amount of liquid you are heating.
As long as you use the right amount AND wait for the water to evaporate entirely and turn itself off, you get a perfect bottle!
It's a good visual cue that you can see from across the room.
However, other warmer works better for breastmilk are just too expensive.
In order to get it to work, we have to experiment and find out the best amount of water measurement to pour into the steamer.The milk bottle we use are the medela plastic one (ok with high heat), we stay away from glass bottle because they get over heated easy and very hard to control the tempreture.
Everything comes out perfect.This thing is awesome and save us a lot of money.
This is a very simple product to use.I've used this on many different brands of bottles including Dr. Brown's and Medela.
That is actually pretty easy to do, but just make sure you slip in the extra water before it shuts off, otherwise you have to wait for at least 10 minutes before it will turn on again (must be a safety feature).The nice thing about this warmer is that it even works well with my Healthflow bottles (which are angled) as well as the thicker Advent bottles.
I went through 3 different kinds of bottles and they all fit in the warmer.
I find that with my baby the perfect temperature for 4 oz.
Great for new mom's on a budgetIt heats up your bottle.
Dangerous item.When it was working, it is really long to heat up a bottle on top of the headache to figure out the amount of water to add.
The chart in the instruction manual for water measurements and bottle sizes can be a bit confusing.I guess good advice for using this bottle warmer would be to always put less than more.
It is quick, and as long as you follow the directions, it heats to utter perfection.
We have tried both Gerber and Avent bottles, and they both work well in this warmer.Also, the size is really convenient.
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen (not to be totally vain, but it WOULD be nice if it came in black or ecru for better matching capabilities).I liked it so much that I sent one to my husband's expectant cousin.
I strongly recommend this productWe did have to find out how much water to use for specific amounts of milk, but after figuring that, we really like the bottle warmer.
We are very happy with this bottle warmer!An update- this can also be used for heating up jars of baby food (just remove the upper ring)- so convenient.Also, by adding cold water immediately after the bottle warmer stops you can cool the heating element, which will enable to turn it on again without waiting.
I ignored the bad reviews and really, really wanted to like this item because I love the cooler/bottle warmer so much!
Bottle sizes are different as well as milk temperature.
So very important you take the bottle off as soon as the light goes off, give it a swirl, test on your wrist (or take a swig like I do) and you'll be good to go!
This mess is going back immediatelyThis is the first bottle warmer I have ordered, and it is one of the best I have ever used.
I find it super easy to use, super easy to clean, and it gets the bottles to just the right temperature.
This is absolutely one of the best bottle warmers I have ever worked with.
So basically you get what you pay for, I really wish I would have spent a little more money to get a better warmerThe product was good and served its prupose.. At times there would be a leak from the bottle, I guess this was because we left it a little longer in there.. Easy to clean and used it well the initial 4 months of my newbornWhen our son decides he's hungry, he does not want to wait for the traditional method of placing the bottle in a bowl of warm water.
We use Dr. Brown's Wide Neck bottles and they fit just fine (as long as we remember to remove the straw first, otherwise the milk rised outIn the middle of the night when the baby is screaming and you need milk - FAST.
Even if you put the same amount of water in it and a bottle with the same amount of milk each time - the temperature will be different.
I'm a mom on the go so I would throw this in my bag and take it with me but it was always a chore to have to find the missing water vial.
I much prefer the Munchkin High Speed bottle and food warmer, the water vial stays firmly in place.
This product warms up bottles in minutes and it is so easy to use.
It heats to a perfect level each time.
All in all, this was a pointless purchase on my part; but the return of the item was easy cheesyWe are using Medela bottles with Haberman nipples and using the directions provided it works great without any issues.
Not worth the money unless your child is picky about having their milk warmJust perfect !!!
works great, small, easy to use very practical!
It warms my baby's purees just as good as water and fasterThis warmer definitely works quickly, but with the bottles I use (Avent) the plastic ring gets extremely hot from the steam put out by this warmer.
We have two of these so no night trips down to the kitchen necessary.
We've been using a hot glass of water to heat bottles and that works better than this warmer.
Don't know if the top of the bottle was loose or what but I'm finding it easier to just go back to sitting bottles in hot water from the tap.
It works really quickly and heats up four ounces of formula, straight from my mini fridge, for my three month old in under 3 minutes.
Can't' beat the convenience and it is priced really well compared to other brands of similar itemsGreat warmer.
Well made and easy to use and clean.
It does get the job done so I gave it three starsIt is really quick and easy to use, very convenient and safe!
This one is way better and uses steam to warm the bottle instead of boiling water around your bottle/food.
It works quickly and is wonderful, especially for the night feedings.
It does have mineral build up over time so you must clean it with vinegar every so often.If you're looking for some advice on other baby registry essentials, check out AllMomsArePerfect dot com.
You'll get the lowdown on what you really need and what you could save to buy later or avoid completely.
There's a full on stroller shopping guide, baby carrier guide, and what to expect after the hospital delivery in terms of recovery (which no one seems to talk aboutLike the other reviewers have said - the warming time and amount of water it takes to warm the bottle vary from use to use.However, it's small, easy to clean and shuts itself off so there's no fear of starting a fire, or having a child touch it and get burnedI love this warmer because it's so easy to use.
It was ready within a minute and after a few shakes, it was the perfect temperature.
Outside is easy to clean (the water deposits on the warmer - not so much) All in all It did the job for my little boy.
This works very wellThis is a nice product, It warms the bottle and seams perfect on the surface.
We found it much easier and faster to heat water in a mug in the microwave.
It doesn't take long for it be at a perfect temperature.
It is a great product, but the little measuring cup provided is difficult to fill up to the right line (which are really close together) and too little or too much water tends to over/underheat the bottle.
It is very effective and is easy to use.
It is better to use this product than a microwave with your baby's breast milkI wish we would have bought this to begin with.
We held off thinking that using hot water in a cup was just as easy.
You kind of have to babysit this warmer and check it constantly because one minute its taking forever to heat up and then the next minute the milk is super hot.
Its really flimsy and sometimes takes several tries just to turn it on.The good things about this is that it is compact so I can carry it around with me easily and its much faster than heating up breastmilk in warm water.. Also beware because the bottles get very hot even though the milk inside is still cold.
It is good but not great and takes patience and time to figure it outI have been using this warmer since I started using bottles at 3 weeks.
Not a good thing when she is screaming to be fed.
The instructions are easy to use and it has the measuring spoon attached so you know how much water to fill in the warmer.
I use the Playtex Nursers, and this works perfect for them.
We got the first couple bottles too hot, but after that it was easy.
as the baby got older we stopped using it all together, but we could have kept using it if we wanted to and so I would recommend itI bought this for my 2nd baby, thinking it'd be easier than warming a cup of water to warm the bottle.
For the price it is well worth itFirst off, mine was white and it looks like they changed the shape and color now, whether that matters, I don't really know, or care.
I find these mixed reviews odd, because apparently for some, it actually works and for others, like me, it doesn't do ANYTHNG.
I don't know about those positive reviews, but for me, it was just utterly dissapointing.
Pity really, it would have been SO convenient to warm a bottle up as quickly as it says(1 minute, I believe).
So I hear warming the milk makes it easier on the tummy (also making sure the bottles are good for him and formula that agrees).
I (and my wife) have 3 different bottle types,the Medela breastfeeding bottles, the Avent standard/naturals and the Playtex Ventaires.
These all fit into this warmer which has an accessory ring to keep them in place although the skinny Medela float/bob around in there a little if there is only 10 or 20 mls of milk in there.Why this warmer is better than others I seen/used:-it feels quality enough.
This one comes with a removable measure that can be cleaned.
and get in there to clean it out.- It turns on with a simple push down on the switch without the whole plug/unplug the cord.
Less than 25 dollars, auto shut off, easy to clean, compact enough and warmed well.
Whatever system works for you but this method instantly brings the mixture down to perfect warmth.
The manual and the back of the unit has the handy measure scale in case you need it anyways.Overall, if the baby's tummy is more comfortable because warmer milk is easier for him, then we're happy.
It really isn't that complicated, just takes some logical planning.
The water level determines the length the unit runs so I just stand over it and watch it for the 60-90 seconds it takes instead of ending up with an overheated bottle that I have to let cool downThis is the only bottle warmer I have ever used so I really have nothing to compare it to.
By the time I had it at an acceptable temp, my baby was already screaming for the bottle.
Besides the occasional heating changes, the only other drawback is that there is no easy way to clean it, particularly if you live in an area that has highly mineralized water, and the marks on the measuring cup come off within the first month of use.
To be clearer, in both places it should say that the large basket is always required (otherwise you are heating the bottle directly on the plate and also in boiling water... both of which are no-nos.The instructions are also too simplistic.
In my successful experiment with water chilled in the fridge to about 40 F, I needed to add 2x the max level in the provided measuring tube to get the water up to about 80 F. The unit was on for about 6 minutes until the water all vaporized.
Life will probably be easier for formula babies since formula doesn't change over time!Good luck!p.s.
Average warming time for an 8 oz bottle with 5 oz formula is around 2 1/2 - 3 1/2 minutes depending if it's room temperature or chilled.CONS:Outside of bottles gets really hot to touch.
Boy, it will really mix a bottle of formula fast!
Basically, our son is fed mother's milk, but he's growing fast, has a growing hunger and sometimes mom just can't keep up.
Our boy doesn't like straight formula and grimaces and refuses to consume it (unless he's extremely hungry).
However, he'll take a 50/50 mixture of mother's milk and formula without even noticing, so that's what he's getting at times and this little mixer will really churn them together.
It might be real good at the bar for fixing small pitchers of martinis.
I really wish I had had one of these with my first baby.
Plus shaking sometimes doesn't get the clumps out and with this I get a nice even mixture.
It takes a while to get used to otherwise there will be a big mess.
Best of luckI was so happy to find this on amazon.com and it was definitely worth it for the price.
Doesn't spatter, even in small (4 oz) bottles; easy one-hand operation (while bottle is sitting on counter and baby is in the other arm!).
But there are too many parts to clean and put together just for a bottle.
Bottle feeding is not rocket science and no mother should have to pay that much to feed her child successfully.Finally, although the wide-neck bottles may be a little easier to clean, they also come with more parts than standard bottles, so it all evens out anyway.
Additionally, I found the big Dr. Brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be very cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.Every baby is different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
I also can't figure out how people can't seem to get the beige vent or the tube clean.
Unless you let your bottles sit for days until the forumla gets caked on, a simple soaking in hot water and dish detergent before using the special brush should be all that is needed to keep the vent and the tube clean.
Problem solved!I would definitely recommend these bottles to anyone who has a newborn that has serious burping and gas issuesI bought these bottles as well as the Avent bottles and I have to say these are much better than the Avent bottles.
It's lighter in the diaper bag, less mess, easier to mix as you don't have to completely remove the components (just move them aside to pour the water in) and I don't have to fool with popping the white disc out by touching the nipple.
Even though I like the size, we found it better to make a 4 oz bottle in the 8 oz size so we don't have to worry about the blue tip being covered with formulaI bought these bottles with the hopes that they'd reduce my baby's gas and fussiness.
I had read good things about them, but when I went to buy them at my Babies R Us, the only ones I could buy were the wide mouthed bottles.
It is more effort to clean, due to the extra parts, but it's worth it.
I highly recommend theseI actually registered for and received the Avent Bottles.
I love these bottles and am so happy that I purchased them.
For a few weeks we tried everything we could to try to make things better for him.
The day we started using these, he was like a different baby.
Recommend these to everyoneWhen my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including Evenflo, Triflow, Avent, VentAir, etc.
Dr Brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
So, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger sizeAs a new Mommy, I bought a sample of all the different recommended bottles out there to see which one my newborn would like best.
I also tracked how much my baby spit up or had gas after feedings using all the different bottles and she had more of both with the Dr. Brown's bottle--I think because the nipple flow is too fast for her.The other thing to note about the Dr. Brown's bottle is there are a couple of parts that go into the bottle that help reduce the air bubbles that need to be thoroughly cleaned with the little pipe cleaner thing that comes with the bottle and that's a little bit of a hassle.
But again, every baby is different and like what they like!
I am so happy we have them!
So, anything that reduces the bubbles in her digestive tract are good in my book.I would recommend these to anyone looking to buy bottles for their newborn.
Needless to say, I have had to clean my bottle warmer several times.
I do put them in the dishwasher, which makes things much easier, but you need a good supply of bottles thenI was given a Dr. Brown's bottle as a shower gift and am so glad that I got it!
(It was different than the ones available online - an 8 oz.
), I realized that she was burping much more easily and hardly spitting up at all.I truly believe the benefits of using this bottle outweigh the extra parts you have to clean.
Now, when my daughter is really hungry, she can take practically the whole bottle without ever having to break her latch!I really like the nipples as well.
They are much thinner than the Avent ones and mold better to my baby's mouth.
I do like that they're easy to hold for both mom and baby, and I like the fact that they are supposed to reduce gas in babies.
Secondly, you only get one small pipe cleaner brush for the smaller holes in the vented plastic parts inside.
So far, I have no had any formula get stuck inside but I still have to clean it, just in case.
I registed for the playtex ventaire bottles thinking they were the best bottles.
She spit up a lot after feedings with the Avent bottles (my other daughter had no problem with the Avent bottles) and since they were going to be on 2 different formulas, it seemed a good idea to get a brand new bottle type.
I have since stopped using the system and now just use different nipples on the tops of these bottles.
I'm hoping I will be able to use the system for her later onI truly believe in Dr. Brown Bottles!
We are lucky to have found Dr. Browns Bottles.
I am so happy with these.
I hand clean bottles anyways and it is so simple to clean these bottles, I can't believe that ppl are so lazy as to complain about a couple extra seconds to run a brush in 3 holes.
I also clean a bunch of parts for my pump, so I just do it all at once.
Oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at Babies R Us... just in case you prefer them....
I wish I had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottlesAs you can see in the picture the bottles are (supposed) to be clear and NOT the BPA free ones.
But apparently Dr. Browns doesnt make the clear (non BPA free) ones anymore :( So I suppose I will have to get the BPA free kind, but at least I will be getting them cheaper then thisI'm all about new and up dating, even though it's on 1 child, I like to research and know that it's the best or at least the close to it.
If you are looking for the best bottle or nipple, I recommend NAM.
It has fun colors, very attractive, you can tell that the bottle is working from the air you hear coming out of the bottom suction and the awesome nipple that babies can actually get a grip on.
They really help with getting rid of extra air.
I am very happy with this itemOriginally I was thinking of buying the Playtex nurser system, but did't want to spend more money on those little plastic inserts.
They have proven to be the best there is.
There are a few parts to each bottle but it is easy to put together in no time.
And I'd rather clean a few parts then spend more money on those plastic inserts.
I also like how these bottles easily connect to my breast pump---they say it's best to pump into the bottle you're going to feed your baby with, I don't know why.
I highly recommend themI read the reviews and thought this was going to be the answer for the cereal bottles and bought 9 bottles in total.
The cover easily snaps it close (no fuss),washable, BPA-free, slim and portable.
Also nice to have all the extra utensils for when i run outWe like this and have used it often.
Ours is orange and yellow, which I like better than the pink in the picture since it's more gender neutralThis is the PERFECT way to store utensils for on the go.
Keeps them clean and contained.
Also is the perfect size to be refilled with the &#34;Take and Toss&#34; utensils readily found in storesThey work well.
It's always nice to have extra nipples for your bottles.
They are easy to clean.
I'm pleased to say that these nipples (and the glass bottles) work just fine and don't seem to give my little guy any trouble with air.
Glass Nurser - 6-PackThe only thing I wish was a little different about these is the shape.
Easy to use and easy to clean.
It helped that they came in different sizes for varied flowI have the nipples given to us in the hospital and they are slow flow.
Good productThese are very good.
When you have Dr. instructions on feeding your baby (as I do, she has swallowing issues), you need to have different nipples and these are a drag without having a system of telling which are which.
I didn't want to introduce the pacifier too early, but broke down and gave him this one at 3 weeks, and we haven't had any trouble with &#34;nipple confusion.&#34; (I put it in parenthesis because some are questioning its existence.. ;) In any case, these pacifiers look &#34;old fashioned&#34; but they're actually very nice with a natural-shaped (not orthodontic) nipple.
but stay in much better than the soothies, which babies often have trouble keeping in.
All in all, highly recommended, especially for a breastfed babyThe paci seems nice.
Very happy mom & babyLet me first say that I didn't buy our pacifiers from Amazon, so I haven't had any problems with colors or anything.This pacifier is my son's favorite.
Even though it is the best pacifier and the most satisfying for children I will NOT buy it again for my future kids because its so hard to find them and different from other pacifiers so if your child likes this one they won't take any otherI received 2 packages as ordered and on time.
These seem to expel water from inside the nipple easier, which is good.
These tend to help baby get his tongue under the bulb.
I wanted to get him used to a different type in case we ran into a situation where we couldn't find this paci.
Overall I am happy with the product and the shipper (preferred mart), I just wish we could pick our color or they sent neutral colorsTook one star off immediately even though I knew I could not pick colors.
The quality is good.
These are perfect for younger babiesUpdated February 21, 2014:My kids are 5 now.
Reflecting back on all the products for babies that were placed on prominent shelves and highly advertised on the Internet, much of what we bought was unnecessary.
The most important thing for parents of newborns is to try to get some babysitting help so they can sleep more and have some down time.
* Standard vs. non-standard: It's important to get nipples that fit your bottles.
They work perfect for a few different bottles I use & are in expensiveMy two month old tends to chicle on the milk when to much comes out of a regular nipple this doesn't take away the problem completely but reduces the occurrencesI like Gerber products.
i bought them for replacement nipples for the gerber essential bottles and they fit perfectly,, no leaks nice flow.. would recommend them for new borns.. great quality and durability!!
perfectGerber First Essential Silicone BPA Free Nipples, Slow Flow, 6 PackCalidad del producto excelente.Costo del producto acorde la calidad,Tiempo de entrega conforme lo establecido.Embalaje conforme el producto.Recomendado para los bebes de la casa, por excelente calidad, econom&iacute;a y utilidadThis is an good product, little loose for medela 5oz & 8oz bottles that we have.
We had to use these nipples with Enfamil Nipple Rings/CapsEnfamil Slow Flow Soft Nipple, 12-Countthe only down side is these caps dont take or have any caps.But there is one big advantage of these nipples, which is they dont get stuck like other nipples.
I wish it fit the medela bottle a little better.
I think one good test is if the free standard nipples that come with those ready to feed Similac bottlesSimilac Advance Newborn, Ready to Feed, 2-Fluid Ounces (Pack of 48) (Packaging May Vary)or above mentioned enfamil nipples fit you bottles then these will fit your bottles as wellGood quality nipples.
It probably works best with the gerber bottle.
It's easy for him to intake since I bought it in slow flow.
Would buy moreI had latex nipples for my Gerber bottles, but after a couple washes they felt sticky & didn't ever seem clean.
So I tried these & they are SO much better.
Much more durable & easier to clean.
Since they are clear it is easy to see if you missed a spot of formula, especially if it was a bottle that didn't get rinsed right awayI love being able to have these accessories dispocisionCould be better.
But maybe it's just me...I don't know.On the plus side, they are very easy to clean, very easy to stack, and float nicely in a sink full of water.These are just bottle caps...what do we expectIt really helps to have extra dome caps.
It was great to be able to pick up some replacement lids without needing to replace the entire productI really love those caps,it came out so much handy and easy to clean .Highly recommend.Two thumbs up for all Avent productsWe use these BPA-free caps to cover our toddler's Klean Kanteen sippy.
If you are looking for a cover to keep the sippy clean, these are fantastic and fit the Klean Kanteen perfectly.
The only drawback is that they are very easy to lose.
But overall they work great for the priceThis pinch guard goes on easy (and comes off easy on the rare occasion that we want to close the door to our playroom).
Love itI think these are sturdier than others we've tried and they makes them good for insistant toddlers.
Very good productLove it!
It is sturdy and will stand up over timeI have a set of double doors going into the media room.
This foam piece s perfect.
It stays in place and super thick.
It's a little pricey, but you get a good productI actually use this to keep the door open to the room where we keep the cat's litter box.
Its a subtle product and keep guests from closing the doorWe are buying more of these.We bought two originally to keep our door cracked and the baby room door cracked so we aren't opening and shutting doors all the time.
I thought they might be a little too good to be true but for $1.50 each I figured it wasn't a lot to risk.
It also helps on her bedroom door from hitting the squeaky spot (when we go in to check on her at night so we don't wake her).Very easy to take on the go to grandparents/hotelI have been using Playtex Bottles with liners since my second child was born.
In fact, there are some things I like better about them.
Standard liners though stay air free better than the Dropins.
Way better.
On the plus side, they are highly portable due to the fact that they are flat plastic bags and would be easy to tuck in a diaper bag.
I can see they will be easier to travel with since they are flat (as opposed to the drop ins which are round).
I think I will keep both varieties on hand since they serve different functionsThese worked well and were easy to use but we are tall people.
I'm so happy with this one...I originally bought the "Mommy's Helper Slide-Lok Bi-Fold Door Lock" which was a good idea but poorly executed.
It's easy.
These work well on slated bi-fold doors.Pros:Can unlock the mechanism and then open the closet with 1 hand, important with baby in other handInexpensiveBlend in nicely with the white painted doorKeeps toddler from rearranging the closetsCons:The locks aren't as sturdy as a thicker plastic or a metal lock would be (these locks are plastic) and if my toddler really wanted to get into the closet, in another year or so he might be able to pull hard enough to break in.
)In all, the product does what it says, keeps my toddler out of the pantry.I recommend purchasing these locksWe tried several different bi-fold locks before finally finding this one that works.
I haven't found a good solution for the bi-fold door, sorryThese locks are AWESOME.
It's a good idea to try it out before you travel so you know how long it will take.
(I'm really big on toys that don't "do stuff" but encourage kids to use their creativity.
)We also use them to teach him about colors ("can you bring mommy the green cup?"
Highly recommendedWe bought a set for the bathtub, and one for the playroom and my little girl really gets a lot of enjoyment out of theseI remember my grandma having stacking cups like these at her house when I was little.
My only other very tiny gripe is there are 2 yellow cups, it would be nice if there were no repeating colors.
There are two picutres on the Amazon page of cups that are 2 different color schemes.
Other than those two issues, this is a very simple and enjoyable toyMy 7.5 month old daughter enjoys these cups.
The cups are numbered on the bottom and have small holes (each cup has a different shape hole...star-shaped, etc).
Each cup is a different color and all the cups are easy for my daughter to hold.
I think this is a perfect baby shower giftCute cups for the kids to play with.
Colors are nice.
I love that they compactly nest inside each other so they are easy to bring along in a diaper bag.
They are so simple, but really the ultimate baby toy.Note: the colors are different than the ones picturedThese cups are a favorite in my house.
These are also good bathtime toysI was excited to get this.
Hold up fine in the dishwasherI bought these sturdy cups for my grand-daughter, age one year.
They have tiny holes in the bottom that are die cut in different shapes, so you could use them in the tub, count the holes (they correspond with the stacking order of the cups).
The set we received had colors that were different from the pictures, but I actually like the colors we received moreGreat toy!
The cups are durable, the colors are nicer than shown online, and they stack well.
At first I couldn't visualize how a baby (my first) could find a set of stacking cups interesting and enjoyable.
It's a simple and inexpensive delight.Gary PetersonLove these.... different colors, the bottoms have a number on them and the holes match the number when possible (3 is a triangle, four is a square, etc...) also, the number of holes matches the number on the cup... this toys will grow with my LO and has a small enough footprint that it can travel with us easilyMy baby loved these the first time I put them out!
So 3 has three triangle holes, 4 has four square holes, etcmy 9 month old son love these cups, the quality is very good and the colors are beautiful, he plays with these everydayMy daughter loves these cups!
I highly recommend themThis simple and inexpensive toy is still going strong after a lot of play logged in.
Get thisMy son's PT recommended we get these for help during tummy time- they held his interest as we moved themI wanted to buy the Green Sprouts stacking cups but Amazon offered them w/ free shipping one day and then the next it would be sold by a different vendor without the free shipping.
When I saw these stacking cups in the baby store, I put them on my registry instead because they were made w/ safer plastic like the Green Sprouts toys.The label on the learning curve stackers and other products indicate: no PVC, no bpa, and no Phthalates....it's important to me that we have as many safe toys as possible for our baby so I was thrilled to find these.I like this stacking toy because the cups fit nicely in one another and have enough of an edge that they stack nicely on top of one another.
They also have tiny holes in the bottom of the cups - each in a different shape as well as numbers on the bottom too.Our daughter is 6 1/2 months old and I put a few of the cups out on the blanket for her to clutch and play with during belly time as well as other toys.
The awesome thing is that they travel easily.
I would have these bought even before baby is born because they're good to have on stand-by.
They're amongst the best baby toys everI actually got this second hand at a garage sale but this product is very duable and my 9 month old daughter loves to play with these, likes to use in the tub also.
I teach my baby sequence of large to small, 1 to 8, 8 to 1, different colors, and it shows them cause and effect too, when they push the finished stack, everything comes down and at first they are surprised but then they quickly learn that it is what happens when you push a stack of cups down.
A classic.
Your child can play with them in so many different ways.
The colors were different than shown, but still bright & cheeryThese cups keep my little guy busy for a long time!
He is happy and content to just crawl around on the floor holding the cups.
A great investment and a happy baby/mommaThe cups are just slightly smaller than I was expecting but they are a great size for my 6 month old.
I have already given the same ones as presents as i think that every parent should have theseThese cups are wonderful for a little one, they stack easily and nicely and fun to topple over.
The holes are different shapes too, which I love.- They are perfect for the tub- Easily fit in your purse for an extra toy at a restaurantHonestly, I have nothing negative to say about these, they are constantly being tossed around, stacked and knocked togetherMy baby loves these cups!
She doesn't stack them - and I agree with others who have said that they're not that easy to stack - the grooves in the cups could be cut deeper so the cups fit better.
I looked at a lot of different stacking toys but there aren't any really great ones out there so this one does the jobGreat first &#34;real&#34; toy for a baby.
Every baby should have itMy daughter really loves these stacking cups.
I love them because they are super sturdy, can be washed when needed, take up little space, and are bright.
The First Years Stack N Count Cups are really one of the best stacking cups out there and I highly recommend them if you are looking for a simple toy that will provide multiple options of play and will last for many years to comeJust be warned...these cups have holes in the bottom.
I bought them thinking the largest could double as a bathing cup...but they all have holes.
easy wash and put away.
We didnt know that they had cut outs and numbers but its cuteThey're smaller than I expected, but it makes it easy for baby to pick up.
Each cup has a number on the bottom and a set of holes that correspond with that number making it perfect for bath time too.
The quality of plastic is good.
They have different shapes holes in the bottom to make &#34;fountains&#34; in the tub.
But the cups are well made and the colors are vibrant.
She enjoys banging it around, looking at the bright colors and finds different ways to play with it.
Very good buyWe like these so much we have two sets.
Woo hoo- so if you have kids like mine, they pretend they are drinking out of the cups, you don't have to be hand washing the cups all of the time* develops concentration and fine motor skillsRecommendations/Wish List-* I wish they would have chosen primary and secondary colors, and ordered the cups according to the color wheel* I find it odd that they didn't include ten cups, there are only eight in the set&lt;&lt;Hello AuntieMy son loves to tear down the towers, pound the cups on the floor and chase the cat with them.
The cups on their own are also interesting to her, which surprised me because they don't really do anything.
They are sturdy and colorful.
These are fabulous, I have 4 kids and I have purchased a few sets now.
I put mine in the dishwasher on the top rack and they clean up very wellThese outlet covers are a complete waste of money.
My daughter has an easier time pulling these out than my husband and the tab sticks out in a way that makes pulling it out tempting for her.
They really do work, and trust me, it is worth it to spend a little more time cleaning the bottle for the peaceful tranquility that you will have because your newborn isn't up screaming with stomach pains.
Plus, once your baby gets ready for cereal, the Dr. Brown's Y-cut nipples are wonderful.
This is accomplished by maintaining an open, unobstructed airway to the formula.
I guess that the end of the day you don't buy these purely for convenience - you buy them because they're the best for your baby's feeding.
We got a few Dr browns free at a baby show, and have purchased and used them exclusively since.ps: We were first skeptical with all the parts, but these all wash easily with some creative placement in the dishwasherI heard so many good things about these bottles, and after no success with the also praised Avent system, I switched to Dr. Brown's.
I had no luck with this product, either, and there were more parts to clean with this feeding system.
They do have a few pieces but, are easy to disassemble, clean up easily in the dishwasher & reassemble very quickly.
My son loves the nipple, as a previously breastfed baby it was easy for him to transfer to this bottle.
My daughter did much better with the wide neck bottles.
A little time consuming to clean, but worth it if it helps.
I also would highly recommend you consider the playtex premium nurser bottles in which you squeeze all the air out of the liner before feeding your baby.
Don't get small bottles, though, unless it is for something different tha formula feeding; 4 oz is nothingMy baby is a little over a month old.
I had heard positive reviews of Avent products so I went with their bottles.
Yes, the extra parts are a pain to clean but it's definitely worth itI love these bottles!
Yes, there are some extra parts to clean and that can get annoying, but it really only takes a few extra seconds.
The extra time cleaning and putting together these bottles is definitely worth having a happy baby that doesn't spit upOfcourse I havent started using these bottles just yet but I have always wanted Dr. brown's bottles so when I saw them at such a great price I had to buy.
They have more parts to clean, but it is a small price.
I did notice that after I started using these bottles, my baby was MUCH more happy and had less gas and spit up than he usually had.
2 drawbacks...(1)they're a pain to clean, and YOU MUST clean the inside chamber!, and (2) you must take off the nipple before heating in a microwave, else it will leakI used the Avent bottles for expressed breast milk; the #1 stage nipple took my daughter 45 minutes to finish and the #2 stage nipple took her only 15 minutes but she had horrible gas pains after the feeding.
The small brush which comes with the starter kit is essential to clean the small parts.
Y-cut nipples are also available for thicker liquids (cereal mixed in milk).If you leave expressed breast-milk in these bottles in the refigerator, the fat tends to stick to the vent (just as a FYI).
The caps snap on loudly which is the only con I can think of.I highly recommend these bottles.
Try some other websites, which have better prices and offer the 9-pack variety.
One lasts for about 6-8 weeksBefore My baby arrived I did all my research for the best bottles & these bottles were my one & only choice.
We used wide necks when we started supplimenting but after I saw that he was swallowing little bit of air through the sides because the nipple was too big for his little mouth to fit around we quickly switched to these which are even better.
takes longer to wash- BIG DEAL...EITHER THROW THEM IN THE DISHWASHER OR like me, washing them by hand which takes 1 min longer BUT your baby is happy & Gas free.
I am very happy that I did!
In fact, we really have to work to get a burp out of her!
She is very healthy and content, and this is the most important factor in choosing a bottle.
It's certainly outwieghs the fact that they are a little bothersome to clean.
I've been nothing but pleased with these bottles.
I breastfed too he was good on both the bottle and breast.
The bottles seem like a good quality.
It takes a bit more effort to clean, but isn't too difficultWhen my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including Evenflo, Triflow, Avent, etc.
Dr Brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
Otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them (or at least don't open the package until you need to) and2.
There are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles.
I do think every baby has different bottle needs though.
My daughter used Playtex Ventaire and did wonderfully with them (we didn't know about Dr. Browns bottles then), but my son really has to have the Dr. Browns.
I need to get the wide-mouth bottles and they should fit better.
But, these are excellent bottlesi don't think they are any better then platex drop in's.
ones to save some $$, just don't fill them all the way up until necessary, they sell extra nipples in various levels.
I have been using them for 2 months now and I am so happy I agreed to try them.
This bottle has 5 parts to clean and others usually have about 3.
So if you clean 8 bottles per day and the Dr. Brown's bottles have 2 extra parts, that is like cleaning 16 extra parts per day.
Everyone says, yes they are great bottles but there are so many parts to clean.
It doesn't take that much longer to clean!
I would highly recomeend these bottlesI bought these because my daughter was a spitter.
The ones she likes and works best are the playtex nursers.
plus she was easier to burb.
These bottles get rid of the air bubbles almost entirely which helps when your child has reflux or is really gassy.
I nursed my twins for about 4 1/2 months, so I thought the Avent would be the best.
And I do wish they made handles to attach so it would be easier for my boys to learn to hold their bottles.These are still by far my boys favorite bottleI admit, I was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the Playtex Nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
I am so happy with these.
I hand clean bottles anyways and it is so simple to clean these bottles, I can't believe that ppl are so lazy as to complain about a couple extra seconds to run a brush in 3 holes.
I also clean a bunch of parts for my pump, so I just do it all at once.
Oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at Babies R Us... just in case you prefer them.
I wish I had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.OH!!
just discovered thatThese are the best bottles ever and the only ones we'll use.
One could do much better buying a small food processor from Target or something.
This is the 2nd baby food processor of two different brands where I've had trouble with the motors.
I decided to use a manual food mill instead (which can be ordered from Amazon.com) and has pretty good reviews, tooI like this little processor for mixing up small quantities of food.
)- Pretty easy to clean- Just 4 parts, so easy to assemble and use- It's not super heavy duty, so I do chop things up a good amount before putting them in thereAll in all, I think it's worth it.
Each cube is about 1 oz and once they're frozen, pop them out and put in a zip-loc for storage.- If you're just getting started, I thought this website was useful and had good ideas - - wholesomebabyfoodGood luckO produto &eacute; pr&aacute;tico e do tamanho ideal para preparar as refeies do beb.
It gives a really smouth purees2.
It's easy to clean (diswasher !!!)3.
Its roomy, light weight and easy to assemble.
It is simply gorgeous and went so well with our living room decor you wouldn't realize it has toys in it.
I filled out the necessary information, found the piece that I needed to order and within two days it arrived at my door free of charge.
It's perfect because it won't slam his fingers (the lid stops in any position) and it's big enough to hold all of his obnoxiously large toys without taking up too much space in his room or being too big for him to get things out of.
I really love the safety feature on the lid so it will not slam down on little hands their safe.. We really LOVE this toy box.
We are very happy with our toy box!!!!
My daughters LOVE their toy box of course their the one who picked it outThis toy box ended up being a perfect match for our living room.
Excellent productThis was very easy to put together and is good quality for the price.
There were no scuffs scratches or dents in the paint/wood which I find to be a common issue with theses types of productsWas easy for my husband to assemble and was in good shape when it arrived which really surprised us because a lot of packages coming overseas to APO get damaged.
Now we don't accept this behavior, but the chest is proving to hold up just fineIt looks nice for the moment after it's assembled.
replacement of the pieces was easy - you order it online.
Nonetheless, once all the replacement pieces arrived, it was easy to assembleI just love to use those for my pumped breast milk.
The drop-ins are easy to use, and keep a shape so you can accurately measure liquids, and easily handle themWe love these liners and bottles.
I use them with my playtex milk storage rings and connect to my breast pump...so easy to use, put the cap on and refrigerate or freeze.
These will work when I double line the bottles, seal the holes in the nipple, and adhere the collar to the bottle's 'body'.
It is convenient, clean and a time saver.
Especially for a working mom, I highly recommend this.
I had tried other systems, and the Playtex one, by far, was the best.
My baby has had no problem going from breast to bottle (we do both) -- and having a liner makes cleaning the bottles super easy.
They don't take up much space as well, especially if you stack them in the nurserI love this system, I feel that it's really worth it.
Though I don't use as many as some because I mostly breastfeed and use these for pumped milk, they really do make life easier, and for us they last a long time, since we may only use one or two a day, so it works to about $6 for 2 months, which I think is a small price for a little extra helpThese wall hanging are well made and are so light weight you can put them up with a tack.
So cute and great qualityMatches the nursery with the bedding so perfect.
This tub was perfect.
As others have said, despite the manufacturers image, this tub doesn't really fill up with water - it pretty much soaks back through to the main tub.
It comes with an attached hook to hang dry it.That being said...I found it impossible to thoroughly dry and clean.
Nothing really got rid of the smell.
Maybe someone else figured out a way to clean this thing, but after a few weeks I was afraid my sensitive skinned baby was laying on a bath that was encasing mold, so we stopped using it.
But if you can find a way to clean it, it's a really easy bath to useHonestly, we never took this out of the package and I ended up selling it for much less than I paid.
It helps sit him up and even if he slides the bumper sides are awesome.
However, it is a nice bathing unit for my little guy, now that he sits up in the tubby.
Threw it away and went with a blow up bath I can see, clean, and sanitizeMy son is about 15lbs and just over 25 inches.
As we didn't purchase this tub when our child was an infant, I would still highly recommend it for anyone with or about to have a newborn.
Plus, if you just want to leave your newborn/infant in his/her diaper for a sponge bath it is perfect.
He can lay on his tummy while it's in the sling position making it very easy to actually wash him without having to hold him up with both arms.
After bath time is over this hangs with a very sturdy hook to dry.
This is true.
Inside are beans of some kind to hold it down.As we've only used it once, I can't say anything for how long it will last, but I really like it and so does our little girl.
Having the water fill up the cushion keeps her nice and warm.
We hang this over the tub after each use and have had no problems in 4.5 months I highly recommend itThis was really great for my newborn daughter.
At 4 weeks we switched to the Primo Eurobath Tub (which is TERRIFICWe found this wasn't the best thing to use in the bath regularly.
I've used the same one with no issues of mold but I wring it out really good and hang it up to dry.
I say if you're looking for a cheap way to bathe your baby in the tub, look no furtherThis is by far the best thing I have seen out there yet.
It also dries very very quickly and can hand up in your shower.I have even used it in our sink and it supports her perfectly!With all the others out there to choose from, this one is the best way to spend yourthis is a great washing tool for baby.
this is probably good up until baby can sit up and move around on their ownAfter only a couple uses it started to smell like mildew.
It's the perfect pad for 1 parent to bath their infants!
My experience with the big, bulky, plastic tubs is that infants tend to slide down while bathing them.
With this pad, it so easy for me or my husband to bath our son with out any assistance from the other.
Its cozy and easy to useThis is my FAVORITE baby item as a first time mom.
I really don't like it.
It's too big to fit comfortably in my standard size sink,and doesn't keep babies head inclined and out of the water in the tub.
I much prefer the first years safety tub.
It just worksVery useful, very good quality, i totally love it!
This is the best bathing help I have found.
I highly recommend it to any parentI ordered this for some friends off their registry list and they loved it.
At about 3 weeks old we switched to this bath pad and he's been happy in the bath ever since.
It has a nice texture to keep slippery baby in place while you're bathing her, and it's VERY soft.
One thing that added a little extra is it comes with its own (detachable) clothes hanger, making it easy to hang dry.This also makes a great back rest for momma's bath timeAfter my 3 month old decided she no longer liked the standard plastic infant bath tub, I was desperate to find another solution so that we could resume tear-free tubby time.
I also ordered the Summer Infant Comfy Bath Sponge to try out both options, but I really like the Leachco better.
There is also a square indentation on it the makes it easy to clean the undercarriage!
It is easy to dry between baths and I have had no issues with a mildew smell.
Love itI can't say enough good things about this bather!
The bather absorbs a lot of water, so if you dunk both sides into the warm water before putting the baby on it, his or her head and back is touching the warm water, which makes it nice.
I start filling the tub while he's laying in it, and it's nice that the water starts to surround his little butt and lower back to keep him warm, but still keep him safely in place.
I'll definitely have to upgrade at some point, but it works great for nowThis pad is so much easier than a normal plastic baby tub.
The inflatible tubs with which I am familiar do suction to the tub's surface and allow for better infant security.If you have extra funds to spend on your child or grandchild, this might be a good option.
It is plush, it helps retain the warmth of the water around him, and is much easier to use and store than a giant baby tubOur son LOVES taking a bath and it's worry-free for us, thanks to the Safer Bather.
This leight-weight bath pillow is perfect for baths in the kitchen sink or inside another tub.
You can posistion it at the end of your tub so she is on an incline as well.I liked that this pillow grows with your baby and will be good at helping an older baby sit in the bath better making bath time more enjoyable.It has a hanger that is attached so you just hang it to let it dry.
It's so comfy for him and easy to manage.
Very easy.
Second, it gets heavy once it's wet and flattens.Alternate product recommendation - Sure Comfort Tub by The First Years.... now THAT is a good baby bathtubI received this as a shower gift.
I purchased a Boon Naked Collapsible Baby Tub to replace it and highly recommend everyone purchase that instead!
Worth the extra costI ordered this because I don't have a lot of storage space and thought this bath would be easier to store than a big plastic tub.
Our little guy preferred this over the standard plastic baby tub.
Also easy to wash his hair with him laying in this.
Bath time became much more enjoyable once we started using this!Our little guy is 4 months old now and really stretches over the bottom so I think we'll only be able to use this another month or so.
There are better bath options out there that do not jeopardize the skin health of your baby.
Although it is machine washable, it does get those fuzzy little pills of cloth attached to it, which are a pain to pull off.
awesome for first time parents.
the best part.. you can toss it in the washer when it gets dirty.A MUST HAVE for new mothers and fathersThe best tub - no slipping, she stays warm, and you don't have to hold her the entire bath time.
Way better than a sponge bath tub that falls apart and mildews or a cold, slippery plastic tub.
It was comfy and made bathing her and washing her hair so easy.
This is perfect because you can use it as a baby or just as a bath toy later.
The baby really goes with it.
Dries nice and easy to fit anywhereWe love this bath pad.
The only con is it takes a while to dry and finding somewhere good to hang it can be a pain.
He likes it much better & doesn't cry now when it's bath time (He's 13 weeks old now).
It's been great so farI really liked this for my newborn.
I dont like the baby tubs till they are several months old so this was perfectIt's good enough to get the job done but there are better things out there.
We ended up using a sling style bather and that works much better.
we also lived in a super SMALL house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it.
it's convenient and folds and best of all doesn't STINK like mildew!
Not really what I was expecting or looking for.
Still looking for that perfect baby batherWe ordered this before our son was born (he is now two months old) and I am overjoyed with this bathtub solution.
When we received this, bathing became enjoyable instead of a nervous event.
We place the bather in the infant tub on our bed for easier bathing.
I guess some people have really huge sinks!
It's easy to squeeze out and hang up to dry on the shower rod (though it takes until the next day to get completely dry).
It floated up occasionally though and we would just set it back underneath her moreI gave this 3 stars because out of all of the options we've tried, this still worked best for a tiny baby.
However, it doesn't really sit the baby's head up far enough for my liking -- we add a piece of foam under the top part to elevate him a bit more.
The baby's head isn't sitting up at all and this isn't really usable anymore.
We found a better one in the Summer Infant Baby Bather, I think we have the "Large Comfort" one - it's a mesh seat/lounger that sits up so we don't break our backs bending into the tub, and the baby is secure.
SO much better...
With this, he could lie down comfortably while I clean him up, I don't have to worry about him slipping around.
The hanger is very convenient, i just hang the whole thing to dry and it's ready for the next useThis is the perfect bath for an infant.
It does work well at cushioning, but I found that my son wasn't immersed enough in the water and would start to get cold as did the water that collected on top of the cushion.I also got the Evenflo Infant to Toddler bath that has the built in (removable) inclined, cushioned insert that worked quite well instead.
With the insert removed, the cushion made a perfect fit, I just found that I preferred the bathtub insert moreAfter reading all the great reviews I decided this would be perfect for my son who has just grown out of his newborn tub and does not like the baby bath seat I got him.
I gave him a bath in it for the first time tonight and it was so much easier to bathe him than in a newborn tub.
I was also able to wash his hair so much easier with him laying sideways like this.The hanger makes it so easy to hang this up after his bath to let the water drain and dry it out.I am really impressed and very happy with my purchase!
Getting small/short for my 4mo old thoThis is the best.
I use it with a large infant tub and my baby is supported wonderfully.
It gives him a cushy padding that makes his bath more pleasurable.
You can use it in a tub or sink, but the other infant tub works best for meAt first I had purchased one of those plastic tubs thinking that is what everyone else gets, so I must need it.
This pad was perfect.
It was easy to ring out real quick and I just hung it up in the tub to dry out.
Always used it by/in the sink until her cord fell off and now she will always be in the 'big bath' so no 'new fear' to conquer when she is older and when we travel how EASY it is to take with usWouldve been perfect from newborn up.
It will do but it is really not as good as all the reviewers make it sound.
Not a good bather.Makes a good place to lay baby on when she gets out of tubWay more compact than those bulky plastic tubs, it hangs in the closet in the nursery to dry and is pretty darned comfortable and cradling for our little guy.
this is a waste of space as I hardly used it and my son did not prefer itIt served its purpose, but there are better bath pads out there.
Not for usThis really worked great for my baby from day one.
It is a really nice, comfortable pad and I think my baby enjoyed using it.
I still really like this product and would recommend for new babiesI bought this for my son and daughter-in-law's baby shower.
It is of good quality, and is a good price compared to items of similar nature that are non themed.
This bath pad is colorful, and can be used for a baby of either sex.My son and his wife are happy.
It is sturdy, colorful, and beautiful, just like the baby we are all waiting to seeIt is far the best and most comfortable pillow for bathing!
I periodically put it in the clothes washer for a good cleaning.
I used this in 2 different baby tubs to make it softer for my boys and to keep them from sliding around.
This really is a great product.
Find a tub that doesn't have a stopper or one that is removable.
If you have this bath pillow, you don't need a sling or a stopper, so you can get a tub with less going on in it, and use it longerThis bath pad is perfect for bathing a newborn.
My now 4 month old daughter has just outgrown her infant tub, and since she doesn't have her own bathroom yet, I wanted to get something that was easy to store.
How easy is that?!
For us, it's perfect.
From the day I took him home from the hospital I have used this wonderful product!The outer fabric is cheerful and bright!
It is durable fabric and is nice and soft for your baby.
Enough of your tub water fills up the little well baby's little body makes so he/she stays nice and warm.
It even gets you passed the stage where your baby can't really sit up but wants to.
A great productI really like this bath pad.
Has a nice plastic hanger on the top that is great for hanging it on the shower curtain rod to dry.
You really do have to be diligent about drying it and letting all of the surfaces to be exposed to air otherwise it will mold but it can be thrown in the washing machine tooThe product is great.
Comfy for my little one, easy to use, and dries fast.
Getting the water out is easy just swing back and forth for most of it then hang to drip dry.
It's soft but not squishy, contoured so baby dosn't roll off, small and easy to store, machine washable, and babies love it!
It didn't really take that long we had some "playtime/singing time" in there too.. Anyways, I LOVE this product.
Not necessarily mold resistantI went on reviews when I bought this and it is so easy to use, better than any plastic tub out there.
The big tub is just so much easier and nicer and there isn't any preparation, everything is there, it's easy to fill and drain and always worked well with my first child.
My husband can even bath him and he looks really comfy in it.
Well worth the moneyI like this infant bath pad because it holds my son well, has ample cushion, is soft, and easy to use.
I highly recommend itI cannot speak highly enough about this baby product!
We washed it a few different ways...sometimes in the washing machine and sometimes by simply adding Oxyclean to the bathtub and letting it sit in the solutionThis was just the special and helpful gift I was looking for.
I switched to the Sure Comfort newborn to toddler tub and he likes it so much better.
It is a wonderful product.
It was perfect for those 1st sponge baths and when her cord fell off, we started using this in the "big" tub right away.
A quick rinse under the faucet, and hang the Bath Pad by its hook over a laundry sink or on a shower head and it's clean and dry for tomorrow's bathtimeI used this for until my baby could sit up in the regular bathtub on her own.
It is so light weight and small so it's easy to store away until our next baby needs it.
I would definitely recommend itThis bather has made bath time so easy.
And it keeps him warm and happy.
I give it a thorough rinse in HOT water then wring it out and hang it over the tub.
I like the hook on the top so it's easy to hang up to air dry over the shower head.
I haven't had any problems with mildew and it is machine washable.
It is so easy to use and store.
My husband immediately rinsed off the pad and threw it in the wash and it was almost as good as new.
The ONLY issue that I have with it is that after that machine wash, the material has started to pillI went through many different bathtubs for my baby girl.
She does not slip slide around, I can wash her entire body much easier, and when the tub is filled properly she is nice and warm.
I've been bathing my five month old daughter in it in the big bath tub for about a month now because she outgrew her infant tub, and I have to admit, based on the other reviews, I thought it would be a much better product.
I think we will probably stop using it as soon as he can sit up on his own.Provides nice support for your baby, and keeps baby's head slightly elevated and out of the water.
Also easy to just hang in the bath to dry.Great product!
That said, none of the purported benefits of this plate and spoons provided any advantage to my son.
He prefers metal silverware (the spoons are narrower and easier to fit into a little mouth) and a smaller plate (less chasing food around).
I haven't downrated the product because of this, as the dimensions are listed right in the description, but thought it worth pointing out.For reference, here's the silverware and plate that we prefer:http://www.amazon.com/Oneida-Chateau-6-Piece-Progress-Flatware/dp/B000NDQ3DC/ref=pd_sim_sbs_ba_3http://www.amazon.com/OXO-6104800-Tot-Plate-Aqua/dp/B0038JDURU/ref=sr_1_1_m?s=home-garden&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1358632535&sr;=1-1&keywords;=oxo+tot+plateI bought this because it wasn't made in China, was cute and fit everything I was looking for.
I really like the fact that it's big enough for little hands to fit in it.
Recent studies by health organizations such as the National Institute of Health have raised concerns about the safety ofBisphenol-A (BPA) in plastic products.
"I decided to keep it and see how it goes, even though I prefer using glass or stainless steel items.
Plus the shape of spoon handle and texture of the materials makes the spoon easier to graspI'd give this a 5 if it fit on the tray on our highchair.
Munchkin utensils fit into Boon lawn dish rack better.
Is true they are a little big bigger but if my LO loves them I love themDesigned/weighted well.
The spoons were good for infant and still good at 16 months for toddler, with deep bowls and easy for her to hold and use herself.
The rounded edges are nice for little hands, and the 3-leaf clover shape helps make scooping food easier.
The spoons are so cute, and very easy to use.
We are overall very happy with itThis plate is fine as a plate with raised edges, sort of like a cross between a bowl and a plate.
The spoons that it comes with are easy to hold but a little wide for my son's mouth at this pointI went BabyBjorn crazy and bought a lot of their product line once my daughter was old enough to start using it.
There are just too may unknowns out there about plasticThis plate isn't perfect but it's the best I've found.
It's more weighted than the typical toddler plate and has nice round edge for scooping food out with fingers or the spoons.
However since I can't find anything better I have used this plate for every meal and snack for the past couple weeks and I have to say overall I really like it.
THe design is cute as a button, and the material feels nice.
It is sturdy and high quality, what one would expect for the high-ish price; made in Sweden.
So happy, we ordered another oneI really like this plate.
It makes teaching using utensils a lot easier.
I would highly recommend this product to anyoneThese are by far my favorite dishes for my Twins to eat out of and we have a lot of different bowls.My girls are able to grab more food out of these than any of their other dishes, this is due to the sloped & smooth insides.This does not slide all over their high chair tray, it stays right where I put it.It does not tip as many of their other bowls do.These are easy to clean & I hand wash them.
For me, that was fine and even preferable, but if for some reason you're really excited about a black spoon with your pink bowl, bewareWhile the design looked promising, my 13 month old was easily able to pick this plate up off a flat surface and dump its contents everywhere.
Overall, I'd say this plate is nice but over-pricedI really like this mobile.
It is much better than the ones you can get that match your nursery set.
It is nice to have a choice of 2 different songs sets or white noise.
Also it's nice to be able to change the toys on the mobile as your child gets older.
It's part of our naptime routine and seems to really soothe her.
Am really glad we got this modelThis mobile is wonderful!
Having interchangeable pieces is such an inovative idea, and it keeps our little Amy interested.
She also has several other toys made by Sassy, and we have been happy with all of their productsMy son loved this mobile!
It is recommended that mobiles be removed from cribs when baby is 5 months old, but the toys from it are removable and now make great playthings for him.
But, my son did not seem to care.Overall, this is a good product that's very attractive to babies, and the mobile parts can be used as toys after the mobile is taken down from the cribOur daughter is, was, and still is enthralled with this mobile from the time she started sleeping in her crib.
I was a little cautious when registering for this because I thought it to be a little pricey, but with the selection of 3 sets of toys to hang for different ages it is well worth it.
I would highly recommend this mobileThis is a really wonderful mobile.
I really like the fact that it hesitates so the baby can focus in.
The music is real nice, and the white noise seems to lull her to sleep.
The toys are wonderful.
We are REALLY happy with this.
My daughter loves it and so do I. I like that there are 3 different looks as she grows.
It can folded and carried still inflated.-Very easy to wipe clean.CONS:-Awkward to set up in a restaurant, particularly having to reach underneath the chair to buckle the lower strap and to deflate with your knees.-UNSAFE: Depending on the chair back, the back strap may loosen when the child leans forward or to the side.-14 month old would lean to one side.Most First Years products are excellent, but this one needs some adjustment.
I expect we'll have this chair for at least 2 grandkidds too since this baby will be our lastThis booster seat folds up compactly for travel and is easy to bring along.
I prefer to use it in a chair that has arm rests so that my baby can't topple off to the side.
However, I just wanted something that would be easier than holding the baby on my lap.
The patterned fabric on the seat looks better in person, but it doesn't really match the other blue/periwinkle fabric.
I just wish it was a little taller since some of the chairs were short and the tables taller but wonderful idea and productMy mother-in-law bought this for my daughter to use at her house, and it's great!PROS:It folds down easilyOpens up just as easily3-point harness for safetyClips are STRONGTightens down under chair and behind chair easily, but holds really well too (even if my daughter kicks and wiggles in her chair, the straps don't loosen up)To sum it up... safe, strong, easy, easy, easy!
:-)CONS:Hmm, I can't really think of one!
I just wish I bought this one for us instead of the fold-n-go seat!I highly recommendI bought this when I was going to be travelling with my 13 month old and wouldn't have a high chair available.
It's easy to blow up, and folds up small.
Easy to clean, great priceI bought this on the go booster seat because we travel a lot to visit family but it was very disappointing.PROS:1.
Compact and easy to carry.CONS: (which outweighed by a lot the PROS)1.
Ideal.It was way more sturdy than I thought it was going to be.
The base even though inflated with air is sturdy, solid and firm.
I use them with my 14mo old twins who are also on the small side and they fit perfect.
But again, they are on the slender, small size.The second thing is the seat has small crevices which are a pain to clean smushed food out of.
I was concerned that adding an extension would make the gate more wobbly, but once it is clipped in it is just as sturdy as the original gate by itselfI was worried that the extension would be loose, or threaten the integrity and safety of the gate itself.
YahooIt is just perfect.
It fits fine into the gate and the quality seems to be good, specifically that it feels to be heavy dutyWe have a doorway between the front room and kitchen that must be a non-standard width, because the gate alone is a smidge too small, but when we added the extension, the whole unit wouldn't fit in the doorway.
It would be better design if there was an overlap of about 1/2" between the two sizesUnfortunately, if you have the gate... you will probably have to buy the extension.The extension itself, is very easy to install... it pretty much just side in on either side of the gate.
The extensions are very easy to add and very sturday.
It keeps it just as strong as sturdy!
Quick shipping as wellMade nice just like the gate.
Overall this gate wasn't a good one for me..
Spend your money on a better one.
Yes it is soft but look at othersWe got this carrier as a shower gift, and we really like it.
So we have the Cozy Rider and also the EuroRider(also by Infantino), that is much similar with the Baby Bjorn and have a much better system for getting baby in and out - we can do it without waking the baby, and cost half of the Bjorn.So if you plan on having the carrier for occasional use only, I recommend the Cozy Rider.
)So, bottom line, this is a great carrier for its price - easy to adjust and our baby loves it.
It is a lot easier to get him in and out of than the the regular inward facing snugli.
Aside from that I think this is a really great carrier for the price.
I think it's a really good dealTo be honest, we loved our infantino soft carrier.
So - if you are looking for something for the first 2-3 months, this is awsome - the baby is snuggled and cozy against mommy's (or daddy's) chest while leaving mommy's hands free - it is great for the transition for newborns.
Again, we really liked it when our babies were small - if that's what you are looking for, this is the way to go... if you want to continue using the carrier past 3 months, I would suggest looking at the more expensive Baby Bjorn for comfortWe tried several different brands of these carriers before going with the Infantino.
I was sold on sight.Plus side: the carrier is well suited for infants from birth until about 6 months.
The criss-cross straps on your back also do a better job of distributing the load than some carriers we tried.
We noticed that when we take her for a walk in it she sleeps better that night.
But once she's in it, she's super comfyI had bought this for my son when he was a few months old.
I had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy.
She truly loves bright colors and I am so excited that it worked so well!
I thought maybe he wasn't ready yet, and this was a good sippy cup.
We are thrilledI would recommend these for short-term use only, buying them with the thought in mind that you will one day throw them away because they wear out quickly and leak.If you plan on nursing and using Avent bottles, this is a great way to "transition" your tot into using a cup or another version of sippy cup (I recommend Playtex once your child has mastered holding a larger sippy cup- PLAYTEX WILL NEVER LEAK!).
This Avent Magic Cup can be used with Avent nipples, etc.It is not the easiest to clean, but it is possible.Eventually, this Avent Magic Cup WILL leakA little before our boy reached one year old, our pediatrician told us to gradually make the shift to more and more solid foods.
The transition was easy.
It took a little while, but the transition was easy and it's now the only bottle he uses.
It is wonderful!
Not so with this oneI will first admit that there are additional parts to these cups that need to be washed, but since we used Dr. Brown's bottles, I was used to a few pieces.The soft spout on these cups is great, and made transitioning to a cup SO easy for us.
Our little guy will use any brand or spout type, but these are his favorite and nice on sore gums.I really recommend these cups despite the extra valve pieces (which I simply pop in the dishwasher in a basket).
Some young children find the spout easier than other sippies, and we used it as a transition sippy before switching over to the Playtex model.They will leak, but hardly in floods if our experience is any indication.
The BIGGEST drawback is that they are a real *pain* to clean.
But otherwise give it a passThese cups - the entire Avent line, for that matter - seem so wonderful in theory.
(A friend of mine speculates it has a lot to do with the cups, bottles, etc being pretty - I'm inclined to agree.
When she was good, she was very, very good - and when she was bad, she was horrid!When these cups are working right, they are wonderful!
This is OK, I suppose... but the white soft spouts just SEEM nicer, my kid seems to prefer them, and the green spouts are much harder to remove the valves from because they are so stiff!
But we've switched to playtex and I'm pretty happy with them.
I was a little cautious about that when I purchased this one.
Because of the bottle leakage, I double check everything before I hand it over.
Your best bet would be to get one of the wrap-around warmers, which have cute pastel designs on them and mold to the shape of the wipe tub.
These take up far less room and are much easier to clean, too.
You'll be continuously wiping it down, when it hasn't fallen over, that isIt really warm up the wipes, what was perfect for my daughter who was a winter baby.
I would recommend any parent get a wipe warmer, it is a lifesaverI thought this would be a wonderful way to be nice to our baby with the warmer wipes but it seems like they feel good when I initially open the door and get the wipe but it seems like they are already cold again by the time I start using it on the baby.
I guess if you had one for each room it would be a good idea, but we live in a 2 story house and this was in her room.
Every mom thinks they NEED warm wipes.
It's better for baby anyways.
It works better with the Huggies wipes.The only other issue is that the lid collects condensed water and I am afraid of it leaving a puddle on our furniture.
So, I place it on a folded face towel and that seems to work.Overall despite the few minor issues mentioned I am very pleased with this productI'd like to give 4+ stars to the warmer, 3 stars for the diaper organizer.
The wipey warmer is a luxury every baby deserves.
Its easy to reach over to the side of my baby changing station (same height).
The best way, you could get a small heat where you can hold it up to it and warm it until its ready to be used.
Thats a suggestionLike most other parents, I was happy at finding a warmer at a reasonable price, and this worked well for the first year but then it quit.The organizer caddy was handy.
It is very easy to open and there is no lock for the lid.
The last thing you want to have to do is throw away 1/3 of your wipes because they are brown and dryThe good thing about this product is that it was cheap and it gets the job done.
She really likes the warm ones.For awhile the doctor wanted us to use wash clothes wet with only water(they recommend this for newborns anyway).
There plastic things that are supposed to make it fit better on the side of the changing table.
So we've taken it back and our daughter doesn't seem to mind the room temperature wipes that clean her cute tushieIt warms your wipes great just when you get to the bottom they are dried out.
But having warm wipes to clean her and wash her off when we are in a hurry definately outweighs the dried out wipes at the bottomThe wipe warmer works fine but it does dry wipes out from the bottom.
Works better if you keepa damp wash cloth at the bottom.
Size 3 diapers & beyond just don't fit right...Sometimes this item works too well & the wipes are too hot for immediate useMy son really enjoys his jitter buggy, it has cute indicator lights and sounds, he loves the vibration, he's 6 months and has sat happily in it up to an hour while I was cleaning.
He really does like it and it seems to keep him occupied.
There is one major flaw.
So far so good other than that.
But even better, is the new features it has...a radio, cell phone, cupholder, and traffic signal.
I dont care for the traditional walker either ( I also have carpet so, they don't really work anyway).
OK, so this doesnt fold compact like the new saucers advertise to do, but I don't mind b/c I happen to like this type of entertainer much better, so that may be the one and only downside.
It really keeps her busy.
They are simply to use, come in wonderful, vibrant colors, and are surprisingly hard to generate messes with (a bonus with two children).The cups themselves are sturdy and durable.
We toss the cups as soon as this becomes noticeable, but a slight design change to eliminate the space would be welcome to those of us who are hand washing.These cups certainly fulfill their mission and I am very happy we have them, I just wish we could get a little more mileage out of them before tossing (since every little bit helps - replacing frequently is somewhat expensiveThese cups are GREAT because they are not the traditional spill-proof sippy cups that you find everywhere!
THANK YOU First Years for making these as I haven't been able to find another good old fashioned sippy cup!!
I don't have to worry about losing a pricey cup at play dates, etc...Top rack dishwasher safeCup, top, and stopper (there aren't a million pieces to clean)Also recommend: The First Years Take & Toss 5 Count Spill-Proof Trainer Sippy Cups with Removable Handles, 7 OunceI have some of these cups that I have been using for my son, and while generally they are great, they do no t travel very well.
We love all the different colors and that they are space savers in the cabinet.
These sippy cups are perfect.
We still use them, but for carpeted areas we stick to theMunchkin 12 Ounce Mighty Grip Toddler Sports Bottle, Colors May Varyand have been really impressed with the lack of leaksMy kids are 2.5 years and 1.25 years respectively, and both enjoy using these Take and Toss cups.
The lids stay on tightly and the liquid inside is easy enough for kids to drink out of.
There are no valves to clean, the cup itself is easy to clean, and the optional caps are great for capping the cup while in a bag.
Thankfully for us, our kids keep the cups upright and are beyond the cup gnawing phase; these cups are perfect for our family.That said, this cup is probably not the best for beginning cup users or kids who still like to throw cups around, but are great for those who are just trying to learn how to walk around with a drink and may sometimes drop a cup by mistakeI get the whole "Take and Toss" concept.
We started trying to use them at 6 months to introduce different juices, and he very rarely ever willingly took a sippy cup.
My son was always more interested in just playing with that piece than actually drinking from the darn cup.
I would have purchased different ones, not that I HATED these, but I certainly didn't love themWithout reservation this is the best cup out there!
Our 15 month loves it, its easy to use and we take a couple with us everywhere.
Easy to clean, and easy for baby to use - these are perfectThese are great but will need to be replaced after a while.
In a desperate attempt at finding something new, I grabbed some of these Take and Toss cups figuring there wasn't much to lose considering how cheap they were.I was very excited to see that they said they were dishwasher safe...meaning, they'll probably last just fine for more than one use.I've only had them a couple of days and I'm SO happy I got them.
It only spills when it is really full and left horinzontal, and a little bit comes out of the regular opening.
They don't leak, they are a good size, and they are lightweight for little hands.
I'm happy with them and recommend buying both sizesCute, cheap and they work!
But if you lose one its ok because they are super cheap to replaceThese cups are nice enough, but the lids are not at all durable.
I was fed up and I needed something better that wasn't expensive and I am so thrilled I found these.
It is very easy to set up and put back together and easy to clean.
It is very compact which is a nice plus for traveling and space.
I'd highly recommend this for any mom who loves to travel.
We had fallen in love with a different brand that our friends had, so we ran out and got this thing.
There is still a lot of engineering that needs to be done on this modelThis chair is good only if your baby is small.
One of my guys is a little chubby and we can't put the tray on beacause it squeezes his tummy.I do like the fact that it fold up very nicely for travel purposesWe bought this without really taking time to research it because we were in a rush over the summer and needed a booster to use at a relatives house who doesn't have one.
The removable tray is nice, but again, a struggle to take off more often than not.
The removable tray is nice, and it is easy to clean, but between the hassle of removing the tray, having to use 2 hands to set it up and fold it back down, and the straps that fall out way too easily when not fastened, it's too much hassle for everyday use.
The extendable straps are great, and I've had no problem attaching it to a number of different styles of dining chairs.
* A removable tray, just one (nothing to loose!).
It doesnt adjust, but if your baby no longer fits with the tray, they are probably old enough to use the booster underneath the table (like my now 2 year old).I really do not have any complaints, the chair is very sturdy, can fit on nearly every chair we use, and is great for travel, but now my son really doesnt want to sit in the "baby" seats at the restaurants, but I do not like the boosters without straps for the chair that they provide... so this may start getting out more oftenGreat!
Lightweight, easy to store, easy to open, can be packed in a suitcase, left at Grandma's house.
I couldn't get the material to a uniform thickness with the roller, so I used a book - it was easier for me to press down once (fairly evenly, since the book was bigger than the material ball) than it was for me to repeatedly roll over the material ball.
It really does look wonderful if you can spend some time on it (which mamas don't tend to have).
However, it's probably better as foam because it won't put stress on the adhesive tape that holds it into the frame.I consider myself a pretty crafty person and strive to make things look perfect, but it was extremely difficult to work with.
I really do think that 48 hrs or more of drying is necessary.
When I handled it after maybe 42 hours, it wasn't really done.Frame is OK. Not the best, but acceptable.
This was really frustrating.
We now have their prints captured in clay foreverThis product was very easy to use and required very little effort.
So I went out to a craft store and bought a sheet of solid scrapbook paper to use as a background insteadMy husband bought this.
He thought that it would be really neat for her to look back at the picture of her at 6 weeks and see how small she was and how tiny her little feet and hands were.
It was so easy to to do.
The material is really easy to work with.
It is so easy to get baby's foot and hand in it.
The frame was easy to put together after the caste was all dry.
It really doesn't get any easier and it is really attractive once put together.
Not very much, but just enough to be noticeable.
I would recommend this to anyone who wants a special keepsake for their child and anyone buying a gift for an expectant parentThe frame itself is just okay, but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhileGreat gift!
It was easy to follow the direction.
The molding material is easy to work at.
I have used these for each of my children and I love how easy it is to capture their tiny foot prints.
Not easy but doable and the results are pricelessI think the material for the mold especially and for the entire frame is somewhat cheap.
I know a couple of people who've been happy with this product but it just didn't work for us.
Not worth the effort or $, in my opinionI have checked out many of the baby foot print frames and this one is by far the best quality and the easiest to use.
The plaster is quick to set, easy to do and looks good in the finished product.
The frame is high qulity and has great clean lines.
(I have even knocked one off the wall on accident and it didn't break - they are good quality, not cheapTurned out nice.
The print didn't stick I'm frame but a little super glue fixed it.
Because we re-rolled the clay so many times, lint and dirt started to get embedded into the clay resulting in an unattractive print that we didn't want to frame.3) I would have expected a little form to keep the clay in a nice square/rectangle, cutting it with the supplied ruler was also a mess that stuck and deformed the print.
For the price you can easily go to a craft store and procure the same materials and have a much better end result.
Instead of fixing the product or providing customer service, it seems that they prefer to hide the imperfections with the product so that more people will buy itI gave the Eddie Bauer backpack diaper bag five stars because it is simply wonderful!
It is so good for those short trips to the grocery store, visiting friends & family , shopping at the mall.
I would highly reccommend this backpack style diaper bag to everyone!
It doesn't hold very much and the top doesn't close like you think it shouldThis bag is nice because it isn't an shoulder bag like most baby bags.
I do like the side zipper for easy access.
Not the best buy for the moneyI purchased this because I liked how it looked.
I liked the side zipper for easy access to items in the bag.
It is too noisy to use while trying to sleep (unless you are a fairly heavy sleeper or need a white noise machineThis monitor is decent for the price, I guess.
But I think I would have rather spent a little extra to get something a little better.
But if you have that kind of money, I would suggest that you invest in a monitor that is better quality than this one.
I think I am going to return this for something a little better.
The sound quality is wonderful.
This monitor is really the best as far as sound quality goes, and the low price is definitely a bonus!
Don't waste your money on a monitor with more frills that doesn't work as well - this is all you needWe received this as a present and while it has some nice features, it's rather noisy overall.
Maybe it'd work better in a home where the recievers are farther apart.
The moving lights are a nice feature and work perfectly.
This is a great monitor, don't be fooled because it is cheap that it isn't good.
It is greatThis monitor is wonderful.
So, although others have only had short term luck with their monitor, I highly recommend this product , and I've had it for over a yearThis monitor worked great for the first week.
It has a wonderful voice activated only feature that allows perfect silence from the monitor unless baby is fussing (i.e., you won't hear the vacuum cleaner or the dryer or the neighbor's dog barking, etc.
I bought the Sony and retired the Fisher Price and am sleeping better than I have in weeksI purchased a different monitor and ..., ended up exchanging and puchasing this monitor.
The clairty is so good and it's as if my baby is in the same room.
I highly recommend this monitorI like the items this kit contains.
The only thing I don't like about this kit is that there really isn't a handle to hold it with and it is kind of bulky but other than that its great.
The nail clippers and tweezers have a magnifying glass on them which makes it much easier for clipping babies nails.
I would recommend this product to othersThe 30 piece hospital kit has everything this one has plus the items you'll find in two other similar kits such as hair brush, medicine dropper, clipper (USE ADULT CUTICLE SCISSOR INSTEAD as it is much easier to handleWe got this as one of our shower gift.
It is very nice and has everything you need.
I really like the the finger nail clippers the best.
I think it is reasonably price and has everything you needThis kit represents overall good value in terms of the contents, since a single digital thermometer costs ...
It seems there are two types of outlet plugs available at this point: those that babies can figure out in very little time (and are easy for parents to remove too) and those that keep babies out (yet give parents trouble as well.
and have tried to minimize the need to take these plugs in and out of high-use outletsI love this product - highly recommend for the mommy and daddy who have busy body babies that cant stop touching everythingI switched from the basic plastic covers to these when my son learned how to pull those out easily.These require two hands and some wiggling back and forth to get out: they don't pull straight out.There's no way my son (or any kid!)
Sounds easy huh?
We feel much saferThese are good and safe, exactly what they should be but, if i had known better i would have bought the sliding ones with the screwYes, these things work.
Your best bet is to alternate: use these in your baby's primary play area and choose a more user-friendly model for the places you plug in most.
This works for usThese will definitely keep your little one out of the outlets -- highly recommended for safety!
They do the job, but I much prefer theSafe Plate for Electric Outlet - Bulk 25 Pack - White with Single Screw.
I used these where the Safe Plates wouldn't fit (double gangs, for instanceIt takes both hands (and adult hands at that) to get these back out of the outlets again.
Second, my 2 year old was able to figure out the mechanism and strong enough to pull them out within 20 minutesThese are some heavy-duty plug covers, which is a good thing.
These are so much better than the old style plug covers, which my daughter used to just pluck right out of the outlet and put in her mouthThere is no way she will be getting these out.
We used a cheaper, easier to remove style on the other outletsI was a little concerned about getting these after reading reviews from people who struggled getting these plugs out of the outlets.
There is no way he is going to be able to remove theseYou have to push in on both sides of these to remove them, every single one in the pack had one side already jammed in and wouldn't move.Pushing the sides in doesn't move the latch enough for the cover to come out, you then need to wrestle with it to get it out which is not good for your back when you are already leaning down to do this.They are a good idea but very badly madeThese seem like the best outlet plugs money can buy.
I got these for my house and they are much easier to use.
It's great because they stick out a little from the wall so you can get a much better grip on them and don't have to use your fingernails to pry them off.
I'm happy with the purchase.
It's particularly frustrating if you're in a rush or otherwise tired because on the first pull or two there is very little noticeable progress.
Personally I feel that the tight fit is a sign of a good design and most certain to frustrate even those toddlers with good coordination.After a few weeks of regular use, my husband can now remove them with one hand in a single pull.
Great productsI suppose first-time parents think that this is the best collection of baby necessities available!
But, what first-time parents don't realize is that you'll get the most important of these things from your hospital when you leave after having baby!
I have to say that the nail clipper has been the best one ever since my daughter was 15 months old, and after my husband step on it an broke it I run to the store and bought another one: Lucky me that I found it in a smaller set just with the scisors and the nail fillers and I didn't had to buy the whole kit againThis kit has all the essentials.
A must havethis package has every thing i was looking fore and in a great price ...it's perfect for all new momsThis is another must, I LOVE the brush and the nail clippers, they are perfect for her little fingers and she loves chewing on the handle of the tooth cleaner.
Word of warning though, don't try to sterilize the medicine dropper- it meltsto all first time mothers: this product is really not necessary!
I bought another thermometer since, this one wasnt very reliable, and all the other things are not really necessaryThis Nursery and Bath Care Set contains a number of highly useful baby items stored in a case that's compact and sturdy enough for regular travel.
If your baby tends to get a lot of fevers, invest in a high-end ear or forehead thermometer for the best combination of accuracy and speed.
We loved our hospital experience, but our parting gifts consisted of a bulb aspirator (which wasn't as nice as the one in this kit), a pat on the back and a "have a nice day now".
It is easier to manage and you won't clip off pieces of their fingers, as I have done with the infant nail clipper (and many other mothers have done the same I have since learned).
If you were to buy various kits separately for the items you will use, it would add up to the same cost without the benefit of one nice bit storage bag.
One of the reviewers was kind enough to list all the items in the 30-piece kit, which I found extremely helpful when I initially registered for the kit.
The only items I really use are the nail clippers, thermometer and baby brush.
They are nice and sharp also.
I think I would have prefered to just buy the items individually for more money, but if you don't have much to spend this would be goodThis kit is great.
The price is good, the brand is good, the products are good, just buy it alreadyi didnt know they had a pink option but the blue still looks nice for my baby girl.
It has the basics that make a first time mom-to-be feel a little better about bringing her baby home from the hospital.
I love the brush, very soft and the fact that it all fits in that case is nice to have organized.
I'll admit that not all the items are necessary, but it is still a fabulous kit.
The brush and comb are obviously highly useful.
I haven't used the medicine dispensers because most medicines come with their on droppers but if I ever loose one or have to throw one away for some reason I can because I have these reusable ones as backups.Overall I think this is a great kit for new parents and I'd recommend it to anyoneIt's been 1yr.
I do highly recommend the Nail Clippers from this manufacturer, they have seen much use over 1 year's time and they still work great.Tried using the Thermometer but it was very difficult to use - bought a better one for very little money AND we ended up getting an ear-thermometer anyway, as for the medicine spoon & dropper, (as any doctor will affirm) it is important to use the medication dropper provided WITH any medicine you purchase (I did not know this as a new-mom previouslyI got this for my baby shower and was very disappointed when I opened it.
Everything else is just "fluff" that you don't really need.
Save your money...buy clippers and thermometer separately and don't worry about the rest...you don't need it or you'll get it from the hospitalI haven't used it yet, but it seems really complete and full of everything we will need and I liked it better than others I sawMy favorite items are the nail clipper (which you can actually hold on to), the water temp (much easier to read than the one with the tub), and the brush (nice and soft).
Regular adult stuff is more useful and better qualityThis has some useful things in it but not enough to merit the purchase.
In the end, it's just easier to purchase the things you need separately.
This doesn't have anything magical in it that you would overlook...when baby has a snotty nose, you have to clean it; when baby has a fever/pain, you have to relieve it, etcAfter having this product for 8 months of my daughter's life I'd say I have used and still use every product except the medicine syringe, as it didn't contain enough suction to hold any medicine.
I'm pleased with the kit overall and would say 11 out of the 12 products being of use I'd rate it 5 stars neverthelessThis is another one of those nice looking set geared towards new parents/ You see it and think you need it all and it will all match and be in this neat little case when you need it.
But the truth is you won't need most of it.Let's start with nail care.
Keep all the free stuff from the hospital because 99% of it is better than what you can buy.
They will be taking your babies temp frequently after birth and they use a digital unit similar to this one but better.
The purple color is great and it all comes in a great carrying case complete with an important information magnet that you can stick on the refrigerator for baby sitter's etc.
I am thoroughly pleased with this kitI love this kit.
They are a bit big to use on a newborn...Oh, and I wish I knew what hospital the lady went to that received all of these products...I got diapers and a formula bag...I had to sneak the t-shirt and blanket for memoriesThis is definitely the set to get.
The clippers are my favorite since they are very easy to handle.
The brush is excellent....very soft bristles for my daughter who doesn't have much hair yet.
Nail files and alcohol swabs are nice extras.
The bulb syringe works better than the one from Gerber that I have and the thermometer was a cinch to use as well.
I also have to wait for my daughter's teeth before I test the toothbrush but it's nice that I have everything handy already.
Definitely the best kit with the most baby essentialsThe thing I use most in this kit is the hair brush.
I'm using the nasal aspirators that we took from the hospital, which I'm told are the best.
I have been pretty pleased with it as well!
I much prefer the one given to us at the hospital.
Other than that, it had everything we needed.It's great for travel, and the items are well made and attractive in appearance.
I actually have 2 of these kits, one for the house and one for the diaper bageverything you need, daughter loves it... baby probably hates it, lol... good to have more than one of these setsI don't think we will be able to use any of these items.
We have since bought the "training cup" or whatever it's called from Avent, and I was happy to see that these handles transition to the cup, too.
It's always nice when a product has a longer life, especially when it's for babiesWe took a chance on the &#34;colors may vary&#34; and lost... got pink for our son.
My boy finds these handles really easy to use.
We owned 2 Avent bottles (our only bottles because he exclusively breastfeeds) & when his doctor encouraged starting him on sippy cups with a little bit of water (6months), I really didn't want the bottles to go to waste.
The handles are perfect for little hands & giving the consumer the option to modify what they already own is ingeniousThis handles are fine.
Next time I'll simply go to the store to buythis is a good idea but the avent sippys ALWAYS leaked on me , so i cant really recommend this as in the end handles may be useful but the cup is not so what is the point of getting this?Switch to another sippy cup.
I think these have to be the best things made for bottles.
The picture even displays two handles of different colors.
Maybe great for a cramped desk space, other than that it is REALLY nice, and super cuteThis frame is perfect for a small shelf/area.
This frame is very well made and didn't sustain any damage when a dog nose knocked it onto the tile from a table topit is such a beautiful and stylish frame.
Note that it can only be used for verticle pictures because the images on the sides are set to be vericleThis is a nice frame.
But since she really doesnt know any others I told her that if the other pails sucked too, than I would just get that one.
It really keeps the smell at bay, until of course when you empty it.
I am sorry but diapers STINK and I found that the Diaper Dekor is the best.
I have used it for 7 months now and had to go buy a different one.
This is very user friendly: refills are easy to insert, bags are easy to remove when full, and you can even use it as a regular trash can when that glorious day arrives when your little one is potty trained.
It now has a system to cut the bag on the inside of the pail, which is nice, and it has a lock for the inner lid of the pail.
The bags do have a light scent which may help odor control.
I can cut the bags and make a new one when its full or if his diapers get too smelly when we introduce solid food, I will cut the bags and take them out sooner.
I have been using it for 2 weeks and so far I love itThe Diaper Dekor is excellent and does the job well.
The bag has a nice scent which isn't overpowering.
It doesn't hold all the ones I use before needing to wash so now I have a hanging planet wise bag in addition & the 2 of them are enough.It's nice enough looking that I would use it for a regular trash can someday when we're done with diaperingI have been using my diaper pail by Dekor for 8 months now and I love it.
I have tried out a few of the others via my girlfriends, and none seem to be as easy to use and works as well.The foot pedal design to open the lid sold me.
Well, it really does do a good job with smells.
Personal experience, reviews and word of mouth are the best way to gather your research in the quest for your perfect baby productsYou can use regular kitchen bags with this one!
It keeps the odor in, the only thing is it has to be changed a lotThe Diaper Dekor is the best.
After using other diaper pails with my older kids, I highly recommend this oneI bought this product based on the reviews I read about a year ago.
Putting in the refill takes a second or two to figure out, but once you do it the first time it's really simpleOk, this may have been a good pick 10 years ago - but there's no way it's the best now.Features I like:- Pedal operation: essential for hands full of dirt diapers- EASY to switch out bag with self-contained bag cutter- neutral design- child lockDeal Breakers:- DOES NOT CONTAIN THE ODORS.
I looked through all those reviews too that said that this one was the best.
The true test is once the baby is eating solids.
One thing I don't understand, why hasn't someone designed a stainless steel foot-pedal (hands free) diaper pail with and excellent seal and carbon filter?
The bigger the trashcan, the less often you dump the trash, the stinker those poopie diapers will infest the air.OR.... just double plastic bag those poopie diapers and lug them to your kitchen trash can... thats what i do now (1st is 2.5 yrs old, 2nd is 14months oldI was happy to find a diaper disposal system that worked well with cloth diapers.
Both were very easy to use, and helped to keep our nursery stink-free.
Honestly, I originally wanted this one because it looked nicer than the other pails, and the white and grey went with our nursery.
However, now that we've been using it for 6 months, I really love how function it is.Pros:-No smell.
It really does look like a nice diaper pail.
Also, the narrow width makes it perfect to fit between our dresser/changing table and the wall.-Refills last forever.
I realize I'm being picky here, but I needed at least two cons, right?Overall, this is a really great diaper pail.
It finally broke on us for good a couple of weeks ago.Enter the Diaper Dekor...This thing is really honestly and truly hands-free.
Trust me, it takes 30 seconds maximum to empty it.
The reason you want the blue stuff is that it can be pulled off and WON'T leave any sticky.You could also simply put the Diaper Dekor on a shelf, and use your hand to open the top lid before dropping in a diaper.Either way, this gets 4 stars compared to the 0 star Diaper GenieThe title says it all, this is absolutely the best diaper diposal system i have tried and i tried a few.
Holds the smell well enough but nothing is going to cover it up perfectly, adding a bounce dryer sheet helps but the best thing to do is empty it when your trash comes every week.I love the fact that when emptying it you hardly smell anything because you open it from the from and can hurry up and cut and tie the bag before any smell but that comes with a price when your baby becomes older they can learn how to open the top and drop stuff in it but this didnt last that long with my son, he only did a few times.All and all i definately recommendI have been using this product for four months and I CAN smell it.
I use biodegradable bags as well as biodegradable diapers and when the bag is 1/2 to 3/4 full the whole room starts to smell.
I just know from my experience that this diaper pail does not lock in odors and we now have to keep it outside of his roomThe Diaper Dekor Plus has been pretty good for containing the smell of our baby's dirty diapers, but I'm skeptical of how it'll be once she's eating solid foods.
Sadly, there is a bit of an odor to this system now, and I tend to keep it out in the hallway instead of by the changing station in his room, just so the smell isn't enclosed in one small room all the time.
It is a good system, and I would purchase it again.
You really need to remember what these systems are for, and that there will always be some degree of smell leakage from any diaper disposal system.
My best advice is change the bag every 2-3 days, and clean with Lysol once a week.Still a satisfied customerI got this after reading reviews for several different diaper pails and I opted for this one since I didn't want to stick my hand in anything or twist things.
Pros: easy to use and change the bag.
I'm disappointed since this performs as well as a regular trash can with a foot-pedal operated lid, which is what we were using beforeI highly recommend this diaper pail.
I guess there is really no full-proof way of avoiding smell.
I must say that it is quite nice looking and a much better choice than the Diaper Geenie (as I have experienced with my sister's kids).
A lot of diapers in there mean there is a lot of smell, and the bag can be pretty heavy- Mediocre at containing the odors coming from the diapers; especially evident when bag cycle times comesWe cloth diaper our baby and this diaper pail is by far the best out there for cloth diapers.
However, it's really nothing but a glorified step trash can.
The trap door insert also doesn't really allow the diaper into the pail unless you push on it with your hand or your baby maxes out your diaper's capacity so that the diaper is super heavy.
It works exactly the same, holds the odors in the same, is much cheaper, and holds more diapers.Overall, we've been happy with the Dekor, but for the price, a regular step can works just as well for much cheaperWe are very pleased with this diaper pail.
It does a good job of containing the odors and accommodates a large number of diapers.
It's really neat and well thought through.
* Bag refils are inexpensive and last months* Looks very cute with some decales on it lol* My sons have yet to figure out how to open it* We keep a deoderizer in it, keeps it fresh* Very easy to change a bag and thats about the only time you get a whif, and we only change it about every 4 days or so* bags are sold at BRU, Target, and walmart, so they are EASY to find* Holds MANY diapers and pull-ups, my sons will soon be using them* You really only occasionally have to scrub it down with soap and waterCONS-*Refils, it would be PERFECT if it didnt need special refils, but actually that just means, like another reviewer said, ALOT more garbage bags* It would be nice if the refils changed colors near the end, its funny when you realize there are no refils left, and you NEED them lolI would recomend this over any others, all my friends got rid of thier Champs and bought this, its the most expensive for a reasonI can't say enough about the Diaper Dekor Plus system.
It truly holds as many diapers ODOR free as they say it does.
Diapers need special attention, and the Diaper Dekor Plus fits the bill!I HIGHLY recommend this stylish, practical and cost-effective disposal systemi can't speak on the ability of this diaper trashcan to contain smells since we are still breastfeeding ... but the design is awesome!
The pail feels chinsy when I move it around but you can't really ask for much when you're buying plastic.
We were using just a wet bag and my room went from smelling like dirty diapers (I could barely be in my room)to smelling like flowers :)Overall, great product, no smell at all, works great with a wet bag!--So I've been using this for a week or so now and I have a better idea of how it works.
Still NO smell which is awesome!
SIMPLEUsing the Dekor is easy as well...no handles to twist or turn...you dont even have to use your hands.
However it's nowhere near the same STENCH that the "Champ" had.My daughter is now a year and I couldnt be more pleased.
If you are using disposables I highly reccomend the Dekor Plus.
Unless the diaper is really light, we can usually just throw the diaper in, and the inner flap will open with the weight of the diaper.
The refills are easy to install, and the bags are pretty easy to tie off and change.
I hope I am wrong, but I won't be surprised if it breaks soon.+ attractive appearance+ pretty good smell managementIf I were using disposables, I'd buy this again.
and sturdy.
Most importantly, the bags are super easy to changeI don't smell anything unless I toss a diaper in, I can tell it's made from good quality too.I like how the diapers pile up like a regular trash bag and not a sausage link which the diaper genie does.
It seems like because of that, you can fit more diapers in it.I am so glad I made this purchase, my hubby loves it, I love it, I highly recommend itI got this diaper pail soon after my son started on solid foods.
It has been very useful and easy to use.
They work really well, especially on poopy diapers.
It was wonderful when she was a baby.
It was very easy to dispose of the diapers, just step on the pedal and drop it in.
I did so much research when making my baby registry on this piece of equipment for her nursery because there are just so many options out there and so many people with different opinions.
It also came pre-loaded with diapers!- Compared to the Diaper Genie which you have to press the diapers through a tight seal (and diapers can thus explode all over you) this is so much better and easier to use.
I feel like I would have been better off with a regular trash can with a lid thoughI was looking for a pale that would keep the smell of our biodegradable gDiapers at bay and when I saw the biodegradable refills for this, I decided to try it.
It really seems to help.The major selling points for me were:1.
Smooth open and close via foot pedalI'm very happy with this purchase.
It's easy to use, keeps the odor down and will actually save me money in the long run, since I don't have to buy a ton of biodegradable garbage bags that need replacing each dayWe have enjoyed the use of this product for our son.
I can't say enough about how easy it is to change the refills and empty the bags.
The double doors are easy to push the diaper through and keeps your hands and the unit clean.
For the first year there really wasn't any oder at all.
But as she got older and the "stuff" got stronger, we tend to get a wiff when you walk by now and then (That just tells us that it's time to change the bag, and most times it's pretty full before you start to notice the smell, so it pretty much needs changed anyway) As long as you change the bags when it's time for the weekly garbage pickup you should be fine.
I do highly recommend this.
Despite the lack of availability of the refills I would buy this product again.
We really like the system of tying off the bag whenever you want to, whether it's 3 diapers or a dozen.
The only time I smell anything is when it's pretty full and I open the top to put a diaper in, or on those rare occasions where it's super full and we haven't emptied it in a whileWe've been using the Diaper Dekor Plus since our baby was born eight months ago.
I am very happy with this product.
It's very easy to use.
This would be good because when it starts to get about half way full you have to push the diaper in rather than just drop it in.
TIP - if you roll up the dirty diaper and then fold over the sides using the velcro to secure, you make a little "package" that easily drops into the Diaper Dekor and allows more diapers to fit insideI waited a long time before writing this review because I wanted to put this thing through its paces both with a newborn and with an infant eating solids.I have to say that I couldn't be more pleased.
Its extremely easy to use (hands free) and the liners last a long time and are very easy to put in.
Now, I simply use cheap 13 gallon kitchen size trash bags (or medium size would work also I believe) and it's very easy to fit them in this pail...tuck it around the top ridge and it won't collapse and it's cheaper than using genie replacements (it holds more than a genie too).In summary, if you buy one pail only, the genie is still the best, you just have to suck up the cost of refills.
The foot pedal that opens the lid is AWESOME and it's easy to push the diaper into the pail, making disposal of a messy diaper very easy.
Nonetheless, it is WAY better than most other diaper pails, so I guess it will have to doWe got this as a shower gift and we also have a genie for our second changing area.
To change the liner is also much easier with the dekor.
I would suggest this to everyoneI live in a trailer and we have super tiny rooms.
I let him think that I dealt with that smell all day but really my baby's room is always clean and fresh smelling!
The pail is super lightweight and the bags last a whileWe have had a diaper genie at both my home and my parents.
The Dekor is much more attractive.
though it golds a good number of diapers, you really can't let them sit in there for more than a dayI purchased this product just before my son was born, and saw it merely as a minor convenience item.
It's easy to use, keeps odor to a minimum, and refilling it is a piece of cake.
Sure this is a nice pail to keep after the diapers are gone.
Love the low profile aesthetic as wellI have used different diaper disposal systems at friend's houses.
I feel that the Diaper Dekor is one of the best on the market right now from my experience.
This one looks nice and is easy to use.
It is really easy to use, you only need one hand which is necessary.
The refills last a long time, it looks nice in the nursery and it doesn't smell.
This diaper pail is wonderful!
The refills are also very easy to use--just open the lid, drop one in, and pull the bag down and tie a knot.
We chose in the end to just have a small garbage can in our daughter's room and a natural scent deodorizer in the bottom.
I plan to use it in my master bath room when I'm done with diapers...
It would be perfect for tolitries and other items in the bathroom!!!
No odor, no mess, and very very easy to change the bag.
This one is a better combination of both.
It is also nice because there is really no chance of making a mess, the top opens and goes right into the bag.
I like the Dekor SO much better because of the foot pedal for disposal (my son is super squirmy and I need both hands for him!)
After knowing MANY moms who have the genie, I am so happy someone purchased me this one instead!
It is very easy to dump in a diaper one handed, and the refils last months, litteraly!
This tackels all odors and refils really arent that expensive.
The dekor has a foot pedal which is awesome!
It is so much better.
As for changing the liner, it is very easy.
We had a Diaper Genie with our other children and I must say that the Diaper Dekor is a much better product.
It's easier to put diapers in, easier to change the refill and easier to dispose of the used diapers.
We like it much better.
We would definitely recommend this product and plan to buy it as a gift for our expecting friendsThis is an excellent diaper pail!
No twisting or other fancy maneuvers necessary.
If you are a new mom trying to figure out what diaper pale to get, look no further.
This one will serve you wellWe've had the Dekor for 8 months now and are very pleased with it.
It's easy to use, looks good, and mostly keeps the stinky diaper smell out of the nursery.
The pail is insanely expensive, as are the refills.
I really expected more and am very disappointed!
It's easier than Diaper Genie and you don't have to touch it to throw away a diaper, because there's a foot pedalWe really liked this pail at first.
It looks nice, and there was no smell for the first few months.
Now that we are feeding him more toddler-ish foods, it's starting to really smell after we put a couple of poopy diapers in it.
), and, like I said, he is over 2 now so his poop has gotten - um - fragrant.
Keeps the smell inside, super convenient, easy to clean out and replace the bags.
The foot pedal works great and the cutting edge for the bags is really convenient.2.
Liners really do last a long time, making them less expensive than they seem at first- definitely cheaper than the Genie's.
I highly recommend this diaper pailHaving never used another diaper pail before, I can't compare this product to those.
But what I can say is that I am totally happy with this pail.
I find it easy to use, contains odors, is easy to empty and refill, and looks fairly modern yet not an eyesore.
It also seems to hold a fair number of diapers.
We only have to empty it about once a week or even less, but we also tend to stuff it to the very top!
I think I cram a good 40 diapers in that thing too to before I empty it out.
I think that the price was fair for such an attractive and well working system.
Most important!
Had to exchange themWhen I babysat 10+ years ago in junior high I always got confused with the diaper genie, but this is so simple and easy to use.
Other than that, this is a wonderful product and highly recommendedAs a first time mom I was pleasantly surprised to find this diaper pail actually works!
So many of my friends tried Diaper Genie and others and claimed that no diaper disposal system really keeps out the smell or works very well.
I found that the claims Diaper Dekor makes are true.
It is very easy to dispose of the bag when it is full and there is no diaper odor in my daughter's nursery.
So nice to find a product that delivers on its claimsBasically all of these diaper pails don't really contain the smell all that great but regardless, we've changed the bags constantly sometimes twice a day but the nice part of these type of bags is you cut them off wherever you want to so you aren't wasting an entire bag.
We've tried others as well and have concluded this one is the best and by far the easiest to use (just step on the lever it and throw the diaper in) - I want the least amount of interaction with the contents as possible and this diaper pail fills that bill.
So instead of using the Dekor, we've been using our regular trash cans instead and emptying them out more often.From what I've read, it seems like the Diaper Genie does a better job eliminating odors.
Regardless of what he eats and what his "output" is, as long as you close the diaper the way you should, this pail holds in odors just as well as any other diaper disposal system does.I personally think the design is ingenious!
Also, when you change the liner, it is SO easy to take the top pieces apart to clean them.
I think it's very easy to keep this system clean & sanitary.All that said, if you're looking for the easiest possible route to dispose of dirty diapers, use your regular garbabe can and take the trash out frequently!
If you're looking for a disposal system so you don't have to worry about constantly getting dirty diapers out of your house, I'd really have to say this one is the way to goWorks perfectly well - keeps smells out.
Doesn't take up much floor space and very easy to useI used the diaper dekor 8 yrs ago with my first daughter and purchased it again with my new little girl and it's just gotten better.
They've made improvements to make it easier to use and very clean.
Would highly recommend.
There is no twisting or flipping involved (nice for arthritic users).
At the suggestion of another reviewer, I put a stick-on air-freshener to help with that.The one time I had to replace the refill was easy.
To change out a bag is easy, too: just knot the bag, cut it with the cutter, and knot the bottom.
We were much more interested in the limited number of times we need to replace the refill and the stink factor.One other thing I really like about this is now that my son is getting taller (longer), it's hard to have the poopie diaper sit on the changing table with him while still continuing to clean without him kicking a foot into it (since you want to wrap up the poopie wipes in with the diaper), so I've begun setting the diaper on the top of the lid while I finish cleaning and re-diapering my son.
Overall, I am very pleased with it.
When full, the pail is very easy to empty.
They had the option to play with other lamaze toys, which they loved but those just dont compare to pupsqueak.
Zach is four months old and really really loves pupsqueak.
We use him to give variety to our son and Zach really loves him!
ITs perfect for those really silent times when everyone needs a good laugh.
Along with Max, pups (what we call him) is perfect for tummy time.
Pups is also great for teathing, once Zach really starts getting those teeth in!
I dont know what it is about Lamaze toys but they sure do put alot of thought into them to make them so gosh darn cute and interestingThis toy is very sturdy and easy to clean.
It also comes with a multitude of sounds, textures and colors, which has kept our son interested since the moment he laid eyes on it.
It was the first toy he likes, we call him puppygood qualities:- it is brightly colored,- each paw has a different sound/texture (rattle, crinkle, etc) -- when you press in the nose, the dog makes a barking noise that entertains babynot so good qualities:- most rattle type snap on toys have a ring on top that "locks" together so that you can snap the toy onto a toybar, stroller, etc.
This toy has a ring on top but the ends don't snap together- it is surface washable only.
I found one in Carters for half the price that barks when you squeeze the paw, has the snap on ring AND when you pull the rope it hangs from the toy even vibrates - a much better deal.So, over all I would say, continue looking and you'll find a similar product at a better priceRight around the age of three months, my daughter started to really become interested in the things around her, and Pupsqueak was no exception!
He loved playing with it and it washed wonderfully as well.
We were much more interested in the limited number of times we need to replace the refill and the stink factor.One other thing I really like about this is now that my son is getting taller (longer), it's hard to have the poopie diaper sit on the changing table with him while still continuing to clean without him kicking a foot into it (since you want to wrap up the poopie wipes in with the diaper), so I've begun setting the diaper on the top of the lid while I finish cleaning and re-diapering my son.