
Perfect for new parents.
We were able to keep track of baby's feeding, sleep and diaper change schedule for the first two and a half months of her life.
We went through all the pages of the newborn version, then moved to the infant version, and will finish up the second infant book (third total) right as our baby turns 1.
See other things that are must haves for baby atHelps me know exactly how my babies day has gone with my mother in law watching him while I go to work.
I couldn't be happier with this bookI bought this a few times for my older son and have bought it again for my newborn.
This is super easy to use and helps me keep track of his daily routine.
When he was sick, it help me keep track of how many diapers a day he was producing to make sure he was getting dehydrated.
LOLI wanted an alternative to printing out daily log sheets for the nanny to fill out, and this has worked out great!
It's also nice to be able to look back on previous days and weeks for eating and sleeping patterns.
It was the best way to have some cohesion in his life while I was at workThis book is perfect!
Definitely would recommend this for new moms.
Plus it's small enough that I throw in the diaper back for doctor visitsI wanted to love this, but it was pretty expensive for only a few months worth of calendar pages.
This planner was cute, just not what I wantedThe Baby Tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available.
They're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.I started using the Newborn Baby Tracker, which tracks nights and days.
It's a great way for me to know what happened.
Plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trendsDuring your postpartum stay at the hospital the nurses will ask you to keep a log of your baby's feedings, urination and bowel movements.
However, when you get home you do not have a nurse to remind you or ask when your baby's last bowel movement was and you are so overwhelmed with the new schedule you can't even remember what day it is.
The daily tracker helped us so much because once we got home our baby cried all the time, could not sleep and we were having major problems breastfeeding.
In the comments column we use it for tracking how much water I drink because I was not drinking enough to make an adequate supply of breastmilk.
For a while I wasn't sure what was giving him horrible gas, so I started to track what I ate in case it was a food allergy (we have a peanut allergy in the family).
We've recorded so many milestones since we received this.
I wish the hours started around 6 am and went until 8 pm, but we just write over certain times to suit our purposes.
I also like that the front page has a place for emergency comments and a consent form in case your child needs medical care.
It also has a place at the back of the book for immunizations.
I'll definitely get another one in 6 months when we finish this bookThis book is a great way for keeping track of daily changing and feedings.
Nanny is able to fill it out easily....love itI like this log, but think it would work better with clearer AM & PM sections.
Each page is 12 hours so you really need two pages a day if your baby feeds or wets a lot in the early morning hours between midnight and 7am.
We used a plain notebook for a period of weeks until we stumbled on the Baby Tracker - Daily Childcare Journal.--------------------LAYOUT AND USE:The Baby Tracker is really an excellent idea.
For much of the information that is okay - feedings can be summarized in ounces; diaper changes by a &#34;#1 or #2&#34; and so on.
That's fine if the intention is only to track hours while a baby is with child care providers.
I understand portability is a concern but the current size is entirely too small--------------------CONCLUSION:I ended up making my own format of this journal in a spreadsheet that includes a 24-hour day and more space for comments along with a few other changes and had the pages bound cheaply at a local shop.
When you're breastfeeding, it's often nice to have your phone close by so that you can keep yourself entertained.
If you are able to grab *both* your phone and this notebook - and a pen - consistently - and at 3 in the morning - you are more skilled than me.
I'm not perfect with the app I have either, but at least I just have to mindlessly hit a button.3.)
It gives me better data.
It can tell me that I nursed him 177 times last month (granted that serves no useful purpose other than a feeling of perverse satisfactionEasy to use, simple!
I got this when my baby was 2 months old and love it.
But I'm not one of those people!
This book is practical and greatWe used this to help us keep track of pees and poops during that first month.
Great bookThis item was extremely helpful, especially with 3 adults sharing baby care responsibilities.
My husband of mom didn't have to wake me up to ask when the baby had eaten or been changed.
Definitely a useful item to haveI've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.
It helps a lotOf course this has been a great/easy way for me to record all of my baby's routines and a simple way for his caregiver to let me know how the day went.
What I really love about it, though, is that it was so easy for me to jot down all of his major milestones as they happened.
I knew that I wouldn't have time to work on his baby book in the beginning (and sure enough I didn't even get it out until after 2 months), and because I had this book I was able to finally transfer everything over.
Life saver!!
All of the funny little things would probably have been forgottenI've been using this since the day my baby was born (1 month ago) and it is a life saver!
I color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.
I finally got this out and started keeping track using this.Yes, you could just use regular paper, but I liked the layout of the pages and it was just what we needed a we slowly lst our minds for the first 6 weeks.I an on giving this as a shower gift to the next first time momI have used this book since my son was born.
It's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when I change his diaper.
Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.
This journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while I'm gone.
They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.
Highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.
I'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year oldI am 4 weeks from delivery of my first baby and was looking for a newborn tracker.
I have not used it but I am very happy with what I saw.
I was able to use it as a resource when (many months later!)
We loved it so much that I've bought another one and have almost filled that one too.
It also helps "Dad" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.
We use this everyday to communicate feeding, medicine and other needs when I don't have time to give my nanny the full rundown.
LOVE it!
I've bought twoI have been using this baby tracker for three months and it has been very useful.
After weeks of sleep deprivation, the Dark Period, I could easily respond to the pediatrician's questions by referring to entries in the baby tracker.It's nice to look back at the Dark Period and see how far we've comeGreat way to keep track of important daily activities/tasks when you are trying to get used to your new baby's routine.I include this as a gift to all of my friends now when they are having a babyLove this book!
Just finished our first one and am starting a second one.
Much easier to plan you day around baby when you can start predicting what their schedule will be for the day.
Plus it makes it easier on the caregiver to learn childs patterns as well.
I recommend this to all new moms!
Sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend priorI bought this tracker when my daughter was 4 weeks old.
It even became a good tool to use with my nanny once I went back to workif I didn't suck at documenting.
I was able to keep up with it for about 3 weeks...and then it fell by the wayside.
Very helpful when nursing and even when you move on to a bottle.
I work F/T so it's great to come home and peruse his day (feeding schedule, play time) as a secondary account after talking to nanny.
Would highly recommend for those Type-A personasMy husband gave this to me as a Christmas gift as our baby was due in February.
This is a great book to have during your first month of having a baby.
I used this book religiously for a month.
After that, I just stored it into my newborn box.
I will defiantly use it again for my next babyThe layout of the hours are a little tricky but it does the job.
It's also a great way to keep track of which side baby nursed on.
And it's a great giftPlease, please take this to the hospital with you- you'll thank me later.
I carry it around the house with baby, and my husband can add entries using the same format- no more trying to rely on memory to see baby's needs and patterns.
Can't recommend enoughI find this tracker very useful.
I've been using it for my now 3mo son.
I highly recommend thisInside is nice and clean.
All in all, it does what is advertised and keeps us sane on what was done/changed whenWhile I love the app on my phone (Baby ESP) for my husband and I-- it's not realistic for someone filling in to download the app.
Our parents, who frequently watch our baby, have yet to embrace the app world.So, we use this on days when we have help.
We usually end up entering the data when we get home so our app can tabulate everything for us in easy to read charts.I kind of like this too because it helps us to review what was going on during the day while we weren't at homeI used this for my little on and it was really nice for me as a new mom to have everything so well organized.
Before my baby was born, I purchased this and figured it's a nice-to-have item.I didn't realize until the first day home from the hospital how I would be RELYING on this simple, but easily organized log book.
This book is a life-saver.
(I bought a second one after the 3 months one was done.
)I used it to keep track of diaper changes and what kind (pee/poop), naps, and how long my baby nursed on each side.
It's also great for care-takers too, especially when they are picking up for an hour or two when you run out.Please get this for anyone you know who is expecting a baby and they will thank you!
Highly recommended as a perfect way to keep track and organize information in one easy to travel with placeThis was a lifesaver especially during the first couple of months.
without something like this by our sides 24 hours a day.
It is laid out very well and easy to read/understand when handing off care from parent to parent (or whoever).
Once this ran out I bought another type of journal and am wishing I had just bought this one againI did a lot of researching on what baby journal to buy and settled on this one and I did not regret it even for a second.
This book is perfect!
I would definitely recommend for the first months of your baby's lifeI loved this tracker so much, I bought several more and used for the entire first year.
In the sleep deprived first weeks it was so helpful in keeping track of diaper count, feeding sides, etc.
Once we introduced solid foods, I could track when I offered new foods to watch for signs of intolerance.
I just purchased again for new baby's arrival.
I highly recommend for new or seasoned momsMy son's therapist brings this toy over and he just loves it.
He loves to move the ladder on the fire truck up and down.
This is one of his favorite toys and he doesn't play with a lot of baby and toddler toys (gets bored easyI really like these and so do my kids.
They like to roll them around as well as nesting them.
4 is just kind of a random number to teach a young child to count toBoth of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.
They also love cars.
They both love these cars!
&amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.
It's just a nice change from the nesting blocks and it's fun to hear all the vehicle sounds that children make with these guys.
I'd buy them again for sureMy daughter received this as a gift when she was born and when she was on her tummy I used to line them up for her to look at and try and grab.
They proved to be a favourite for pushing around the floor as she was crawling and something to chew on (especially the small green one) when she was teething.
She is now teaching her baby sister the stack and knock over game!
Good valueThese are a huge hit with my one year old son.
We received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.
He started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.
They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.
We've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.
The smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little handsI bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.
It is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as I set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting.
He'll probably soon be able to work the sun roof.
It will be a stacking toy later too!
Great value for moneyWe bought these trucks for our 15 mo.
old daughter and 4 mo.
old son- We love them!
They are nesting which is fun for our daughter to look underneath the trucks to find the next one or they can stack one on top of the other to make a tower.
Perfect first trucks!
And they aren't too big- a perfect sizeThis is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
(The nesting feature is great for storage too).
The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
I would highly recommend this itemI was looking for something different than your typical stacking cups for my sons birthday.
His aunt got him these.
What a hit!
My son can't quite stack them himself, but he knows how to nest them and sure does love knocking them down when I stack them.
They also have the function of just being play cars, which is nice.
I am amazed at how long my son will play with theseFor well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars.
They have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new.
Fun to stack, fun to roll.
Clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was oneThis is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
(The nesting feature is great for storage too).
The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
I would highly recommend this itemI think this is an adorable book.
The pieces are all attached and each page has a cute activity.
And if you sew you will realize this is very over priced.2.
I found this and ordered it for my three kids (9 mos, 2 years, and 3 years), and they all love it.
Great book, and I love that all the pieces are attachedThis book keeps my 2-year-old entertained for a decent amount of time, and I like that it's washable.
It has a good number/variety of activities in it, especially as compared to other similar types of books.There are some activities for babies, but I think toddlers/pre-schoolers will get the most use out of it.
There are also some &#34;older&#34; activities, like the clock, or tying a shoe.Overall, good purchaseI had a book similar to this as a child and it brings back wonderful memories!
But he loves the zipper and the Velcro shapes and the other pages give him a great way to learn and practice.
Overall it's an item that he can grow into and it's super cutemy 3 and 4 year old love this book.
You can show your baby shapes, teach her how to use buttons, zipper and snaps, tie a shoe and tell time.
My baby is too young for most of these activities at this time, but she already loves to play with this book.
It is well constructed and attractive (though I must say not as nice as the quiet book my mother sewed for me as a toddler).The activities are:Page 1: Shape matching, different colored shapes match to same shaped outlines with velcro attachments.
The velcro spots are a little small and flimsy.Page 2: Clock - the hands move freely, well constructed (my daughter isn't ready to learn the time but likes moving the arrows and talking about numbers)Page 3: Buttoning flowers to same colored buttons (this is too hard for my daughter to accomplish but I have her tell me where to button it by matching colors)Page 4: Tie the shoe - wish the string were a little longer which would make the task easierPage 5: Zip up the dress - my little one likes zippers - wish it had the ability to zip completely open so she could practice matching up the ends of the zipperPage 6: Buckle the pants buckle - this one is tricky!Page 7: Snap balloons on to color matched strings - the plastic snaps take a decent amount of pressure to apply and are a little hard to accomplishPage 8: 4 different texture and color swatchesOverall I think this book will last a long time and my daughter will be able to appreciate it more as she grows olderI got this quiet book for my 11 month old - for his 1st birthday coming up.
He hasn't been able to play with it yet, but I was very happy going through it.
I think he will have years of fun with this book.
It provides several activities, which will help him practice skills he will be learning.
It's also got bright colors and fun shapes that he is sure to enjoy.
Can't wait to give it to him!
ThanksBought for 1yr old son bc his molars were coming in - it's cute, colorful but my son didn't seem to like itMy son loves to chew on things and is still awaiting his first tooth.
Not worth the money, in my opinionMy son loves this.
And for my youngest, it's just about the only thing that worksThis was a favorite as soon as my son figured out that when he would bite it, it would vibrate.
It either is really soothing or he just likes how it feels or something because hes 10mo old now and he still loves it...!
Handle is great to put links around also to attach it to stroller or carseatMy daughter likes this one.
She especially loves the rattle at the end and the vibrating motion.
it has just the right amount of vibration and it triggered easily enough where she can activate it herself with little effort.
i like that the 3 sides of the star have different ribbing so it feels different on her gums.
He likes it OKIt is a great toy for them to chew and play with, but it is a bit harder for smaller babies to chew on.
It is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.
I think baby gives it 5 stars!!
My daughter finds this very interesting especially when it gently vibrates and massages her gums.
She's enjoyed this just about everyday since we got it about 3 months ago.
No issues with it!
I sent one to a friend who just had her baby for when she starts teethingI have a 6.5mo old who loves when we tap on toys when he has them in his mouth, yes sounds weird.
Husband is a drummer and got him obsessed with the tapping even when he is drinking out of his bottle my baby will try to tap the bottle with his hands to feel the vibration.
He has a mini dodge ball and he sticks his face/mouth on the ball and all you have to do is tap the ball and he's a happy baby.
I also bought an infant gum massager electric toothbrush because he was always interested when I brush my teeth.
perhaps if i knew about it/introduced it to her when she was smaller she would be more apt to use it...she does like the rattle aspect of it and i vibrate her tummy, lol.
so it's not a complete wasteA must in addition to all the teething toys.
Next to Sophie the giraffe this is his favorite.
I.
His gums, but he does enjoy biting into it a lotThis is a great teether.
The handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide.
It also takes a lot of force to get it to vibrate and that took a while for my daugher to figure out, at first I had to hold down one of the corners for her while she chewed on the other.
Both my kids loved it while teethingOur son's occupational therapist recommended this for our aggressive teether.
She thought he was using teething as a way to stimulate and calm himself.
He liked playing with it more than he liked teething on itI have two of these teethers and both see variable use as my little guy goes through teething spurts.In between, he actually likes sitting or kneeling on the star to get it to vibrate.But as soon as his gums start hurting, he goes straight for this toy.Also, it's a smart packaging extra to have the 'free ring' on top which clearly doubles for hanging purposesMy son is obsessed with this teether!!
He was first more fascinated with spinning the bottom part and chewing on that but after 4 months of having it, he has now switched and loves the rubber/vibrating part.
Not only a teether but a toy as wellIt is somewhat difficult for my daughter to get it to vibrate, but when I help she seems to get one relief.
When her two year molars started coming in we got it back out for her and she still loved it.
But now, he can do it.
Now, he's able to see the cause and effect of using this.
I like that.
Plus, I think it feels good on his gumsMy baby liked the massaging action but it took time for him to realize how to do it.
This has allot to do with her age.
I have to hold one of the corners for her to activate the vibration.
However after only a day or two she figured it out and seems to enjoy it but still seems to prefer Sophie over anything else.
Actually her favorite thing to chew on (she's just now getting her first tooth) is my little coach wallet- I guess she likes the leather or something but she is quite obsessed with it!
This massaging teether does keep her busy in the car seat thoughMy baby loves the vibrations on his teeth.
He also shakes it like a rattle.
I would say it's more a fun toy to chew on and not actually providing teething reliefI've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones.
The vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interestingI thought this would be great for my teething baby, but the vibration freaks him out.
=( It might be a wonderful product for other babies, though!
It appears to be well-madeBoth of my kids have loved this during the teething stage.
Passed it onIf I can recommend one teether to buy for your teething baby, it would be this one.
The shape/handle made it really easy for him to hold.
Nice to have something different from all of the other teethers out there.
However, my daughter loves throwing it on the floor.
We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It's a great find and I wish I had come across it soonerMy son really likes this teether.He likes the bottom as well as the vibrating side.My only issue is that it is a bit large and a bit heavy,and he tends to slam it a lot (often on my hand or leg)when I am holding him.
Overall, a winnerI have two and the batteries haven't died which I find impressive.
These are well made.
A year later, my son still likes these and likes the green spinner on the end a lotWe bought multiples of these, just so we'd have them.
So glad we found it.
I would push down the edges to make it vibrate and hold it against my baby's gums and he seemed to like it.
This is not a huge deal, and I'm sure in another month or so they will be able to manage, but I just wanted to let other parents know that this is not something you can just hand your baby.
Such a soothing gift.
My granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well, Not necessarily just to sooth gumsOur 6 month old can't bite on this thing hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, so we have to squeeze it and help him hold it in his mouth (it's also heavy).
Its lasted a year now with no issue or wear and tearMy daughter loves to chew on both ends of this teething aid.
I would recommend this teething aid if you're looking for a vibrating teetherA favorite in our houseI had this very teether for my twin boys 8 years ago and they absolutely loved it.
So, when my new baby started teething, I sought out the same teether.
It does not state ANYWHERE on the package that it is BPA free.
As a former regulator (of medical devices) I am very sensitive about company labeling and statements.
Specifically, when they test it for BPA, lead, and phthalates, is there an acceptable amount allowed?!
But, in this day and age, when BPA is strongly suspected of being dangerous, I cannot in good conscience allow my new baby to chew on anything that MAY contain it.
And, though someone on this site indicated that a representative from the company TOLD them it was BPA free, I'm still skeptical.
Unfortunately, from all that use, they don't even last a week in our house.
I'm still buying moreMy son has had this teether since he was 3 months old.
The reason I bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up.
Other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye.
Overall, it's an OK toy for the priceMy daughter is 6 mo and loves these.
Just dont kneel in them!
The star has rounded edges.
So far so goodThis is a great toy for teething babies!
The colors catch their attention while the different shapes keep their hands and mouths amused.
The size is just right for them to actually hold on to it too.
I'd recommend it to any parent of a very young child- especially for the priceMy daughter loves this and it keeps her happy for a long time.
It is also very easy to wash to keep clean as wellmy daughter likes this a lot.
its more like a teething ring than a necklace, though.
i read some complaints about the star-- the edges of the star are rounded but if choped at a bad angle, I think it could still be an issue, but i watch my daughter with itThis would have been an ok teething necklace if it weren't for the Star bead.
So I agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you.
It may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but I still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now.
Hands free is the way to be!The sling I was given was a bit large for me, and I'm not a tiny person 5'3'' 135lbs.
I was a nanny and have tried many carriers with babies of various sizes.
This is the most comfortable and versatile carrier I've tried yet.The downsides are that it is a little challenging to use.
I have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old.
If you don't adjust the carries you use as your baby grows, it can be very uncomfortable for both you.
I had seen several mothers use these before, and the nurse in our childbirth class raved about it.
I was so excited when I received it as a gift.I started using this with my son when he was just a week old.
The last time I used this, the shoulder strap got so close to my neck that it started to interfere with my circulation.I'm glad I had this for the grocery store, but I think with my next child, I'm going to have to rethink what kind of carrier I useI bought this because of all the wonderful things I heard about slings.
I even practiced with my cat before to see if I could put it on and if it was comfortable.
I must admit this is so much more comfortable than the front packs or back packs.
However, my daughter will not go in this.
I had tried from day one to carry her in this.
She screams.
As soon as I take her out she is fine.
Now that she is older I can carry her like a front pack, but quite honestly, the front pack is just easier.
I wanted to use the sling because I nurse and I should have been able to nurse her while we were out.
She just will not lay in it.
My friend has this and loves it.
Her baby cooperates.
When my daughter gets older I plan on using it to carry her on my hip.
I watched the video and you can use it to help with back support while you carry your child on your hip.
I hope I can use it like that, but for the next baby, I am not going to use it.
I will stick with the traditional front pack.
These slings are just not very easy on larger women who are a rather endowedMy son loves this.
He likes the &quot;kangaroo&quot; position best.
At our Babies R Us many were just in plastic bags (returns?)
Slings keep the baby in more natural positionsI love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material.
They fit on a standard pack-n-play too which is nice.
Definitely worth the pricefitted co-sleeper sheet, exactly like the one that came with the original bed.
no shrinking in wash. shipped fast.
will again in other colorsI ordered this as a spare for my original Co-Sleeper.
It holds up well to lots of washes and usesThe shipping was quick.
The colors are pretty but the sheets themselves are not soft.
They are not inexpensive so I expected more.
I purchased five sheets to go with the co-sleeper I bought her for their first baby.
We have not assembled the co-sleeper yet but when I received it the box was all torn and dented.
Looking at it the contents looks okay, but we will see when the my son in law puts it togetherMy daughter loves this but like others have said it doesn't fit on the Graco Quattro Travel System.
I still love it and so does my daughterit's bright and colorful, and is great for babies who are starting to reach for things.
i don't think it was worth $15 though.
I am thrilled to report, however, that it fits the Graco Metrolite stroller perfectly and looks adorable!
Wonderful productmy daughter loves this for the past four months (she is 9 months now).
Still will play with it.
Due to this my first one came un-sewed and I had to buy another one and the same thing happened againI received this as a gift, unforutnately it didn't fit on our stroller (pretty standard Graco Travel System) or on our carseat (either our Grace or our Marathon) and so it was pretty uselessWe have/had a Graco Quattro and a MetroLite stroller and This doesn't fit on either one!!
great productThis is a fantastic product.
I love it!
It has a large capacity and cuts back on frequent trips to the trash can.
I keep a stick on air freshner in the bottom and it helps with lingering smells.
Read my new review.
It absolutely reeks after 16 months.
Not a good design.
[for laughs, I will leave the old review here]We originally got the diaper champ because it was a locking container that could accomodate cloth diapers.
*2) Effectively controls odors.
However, sometimes you have to brace yourself before opening the cover and tying off the bag.
As it emits a powerful odor when the lid is opened, I'm happy they can't figure it out.
I'll definitely be first in line for the Diaper Champ robotBefore my first child was born, I was all set to buy the Diaper Genie but then a friend told me about the Diaper Champ.
She said that it did a good job and I didn't have to buy any special bags.
So I went out and bought it along with a big box of tall kitchen bags.
My son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great.
Hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get REALLY smelly!
But so far so goodI love the Diaper Champ!
I have no problems with odor at all.
And you don't have to buy or use special, expensive bags!
Any trash bag will work and it's great.
I like the odor shield bags and they work like a charm.
Easy to use one handed!!
Also, my husband would load the diaper into the top but routinely forget to flip it over to dump the dirty diaper.
Of course this negates the cool mechanism and makes it a plastic trash can with a tight lid, something I could have bought for cheaperI love this product... My sister in law has a baby 4 months older than my daughter, and she has a diaper genie.
My mother in law almost always has problems with the Diaper Genie at my sister in laws house... she ends up cutting the bags.
So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed babyI registered for the Diaper Champ after seeing the reviews and I cannot talk enough about it.
I just live it!!!
It is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can SAFELY keep the other one on your baby.
It's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!!
I love the fact that it will take any type of trash bag, but if you do not empty the pail out daily the smell leaks out into your baby's room and it does not smell pleasantIt makes so much more sense to just use regular kitchen trash bags, more cost effective.
Makes sense.
.
Hopefully potty training will happen soon!
But the good side is, it is easy to pop back on.The diaper champ is really durable.
I highly recommend it to anyoneI truly believe this is the best diaper pail on the market...
It's simple to use, can take any garbage bag, and does a fantastic job of containing odors.
The whole point of getting the Diaper Champ was so that we wouldn't have to buy separate bags for itI like the Diaper Champ.
I like the fact of using regular trash bags instead of having to buy special bags.
I do wipe it down a couple of times a month.
I have also put in a box of baking soda to help absorb the odors inside.
I love this diaper pail!
My favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).
My 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.
Even then, these odors can be minimized with a bit of baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of the pail.Although I debate the necessity of ANY diaper pail, this one receives 5 stars from meIn registering and purchasing products for my baby, I did a lot of research.
This included reading reviews, asking friends (lots) about products that did and didn't work for them, and actually trying to use some of the products.
I decided to go w/ the Diaper Champ after learning that the overwhelming majority of my friends absolutely hated that leading diaper pail the Diaper Genie and actually trying to use that awful contraption.
The diaper champ uses regular kitchen bags.
NO smells and holds lot of diapers.
Uses standard kitchen bags!
What a great productSo far we love our Diaper Champ.
It's a deal and works great.
so i decided on this one and glad i did.
it is most excellent at keeping the foulest of stenches out.
and i love that i dont have to buy those EXPENSIVE refills.
just use the bags you have in your kitchen!
easy to replace when full and it just worksI love these pails so much that we have two of them doing diaper duty!!
It's odorless, effortless, and holds many diapers!
I also like the fact that you do not have to buy special bags for it and can use ordinary trash bags.
A great inventionI bought this pail before my son was born.
I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use.
My husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all.
Now that we have this one, he loves it.
It's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper.
No twisting till your wrist breaks.
At first we were using scented trashbags, but I've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well.
I change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags.
All in all it's been a great buyI have three children.
For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the marketThis is easy to use, but it does not disguise the smell that great!
You almost want to change the bag outside!
I find that if I keep a small air freshener in the bottom, it does help...(like one for a car).
So easy to use, definitely recommendThis diaper pail has NO ODOR and is the perfect size.
I use normal 10-gallon trash bags from Target.
I love that you can use trash bags.
Her diapers are MUCH different then my 3 month old son though.
So overall I love the Diaper ChampI have no doubt that my wife and I will be happy with the Diaper Champ (our first baby is due in two weeks).
But we have had to expend quite the effort to find one that actually works.
The replacement Diaper Champ's piston moved just fine but the drum would not flip over easily.
You can use regular trash bags which cuts down on additional spending.
The trash bag is also very easy to take out and to put in.2) Traps in stinky diaper odor.
Extremely easy to use, no assembly requiredAt only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.
We have the diaper champ in his bedroom and it's been great so far.
(We'll see once he switches to solid food and his diapers are a bit more stinky!)
It's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The design is absolutely ingenious and the fact that it takes regular trash bags is a definite plus!
I usually wipe the Champ off with a Clorox Wipe each time I change the bag, but my husband decided to take apart the Champ a few weeks ago to give it a thorough cleaning with some bleach water, and he mentioned that the gaskets were looking worn out.
So, I called Baby Trend (Diaper Champ manufacturer) and they sent me to two new gaskets and two new piston rings (which I didn't even ask for) for FREE!
The customer service rep. even told me to call and request more gaskets and rings when we notice that the new ones start to wear out, usually after about 6 months.
I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
This holds alot and does not take up alot of spaceWe didn't want to spend a fortune on a diaper pail and refills, so we opted for the Diaper Champ.
We absolutely love it.
We have used it for three months now and have had no problems with smells of any kind.
I heard great things about all of them, but wanted what would be most cost effective for us.
When we decided on the diaper champ, we won!1.
No refills to every buy.
I clean it every other week with Clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
Plus it can also be used as a trash canyou can use any ol' bag with this.
they fit it perfectly.
byebye poopy diaper!
the diaper champ is the bestI absolutely love this diaper champ.
I was first drawn to it because no special bags were needed.
This item is a MUST HAVEThe diaper champ is such a great product.
I keep it in my baby's bedroom in a corner and it has never produced any foul odors.
I love that I can use regular trash bags with it.
I would never use one that required refills, what is the sense in that when this one works perfectlyI have used this for 11 months and I love it.
What we did was after the baby started having odor in his #2s we bought some of those diaper bags from dollar tree (100 for $1) and put the dirty diapers in those little bags.
So easy!
And I use regular kitchen garbage bags in it, so no special bags to buy.I did research when I was registering before the baby and looked at all of the other diaper pails and this one was the one that came out ahead.
I am glad I researched it because I am very happy with itI love my Diaper Champ.
My son is 3 months old and we have had a great experience with it.
It's simple to use and is cost efficient.
what sold me on this diaper pail vs. the others, is that this one takes ANY plastic bag you want to put in it, meaning grocery bags, trash bags... nothing fancy.
That seems to say alot!And the best part is that its cheapest over the long run... no special bags to buy... what a pain that seems to me.
I use plain old garbage bags... or even very large shopping bags.Great productALL DIAPERS SMELL, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods.
Get over it.
This pail is fantastic.
There is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioningI agree it's better than the genie.
I own the genie and served us well.
It's very easy to use, and it seals out the odor as well.
I wanted to get this for our use, but my genie is still in good use.
However, I never use it.
way cheaper than others.
I ended up not even having to wash out the inside until 4mnths later!
AND it's super easy to use and you don't have to buy bag refills.
Need I say moreThe Champ is the ultimate in Diaper disposal.
We tried the Diaper Genie and found it to be a hassle and more expense than we wanted (2 sets of refills every month).
The Diaper Champ uses regular trash bags (we like the scented 13 gallon bags by Ruffies) and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate!
Drop and flip!
No twisting, shoving or cutting like the Genie.
And this is perfect for babies that grow into inquisitive toddlers - the Champ is much bigger than the Genie so it can't be easily hauled around by an adventurous baby and it's easy to keep her out of the messy contents as well (unlike regular diaper pails or trash cans)!Another reason I prefer the Champ is the fact that there are no "blades" involved.
The thought that someday she might get into the pail and possibly be cut on the sharp blades used for separating the bags - was frightening!
Just simple, clean, odor resistant, in-expensive to maintain/operate and safe!I'd recommend the Champ to anyone - buy it, you won't be sorryWhat I liked: Contained the smell.
Ease of use.
Sturdy.
(I have used the Diaper Genie at a friend's place - didn't like itThis is a wonderful product.
Right now, it's only about 1/2 to 2/3 full before we have to remove itWe orignially registered for and received the Diaper Genie and had problems with it from the day our son came home from the hospital.
We LOVE it!!!
.
In addition, it's very easy to use.
Couldn't be simpler.
It originally appealed to me because of the cost benefit of using any old plastic bag.
Additionally, it really has a one-handed operationIt holds odors pretty well.
Its great to be able to use any kind of trash bag you want with it.
I'm really happy with it and would recommend it to all of my friends and familyWe like that this product uses regular trash bags while still containing a lot of diapers.
Highly recommend thisDiaper Champ works great!
You can use your regular garbarge bags with it.
No need to buy re-fillsEasy to change bags.Stable when changing bags (others are not!!!)
- won't topple over.REGULAR GARBAGE BAGSOne hand useI love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...I like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch!
It's so easy to use.
She's now 19 months and the Champ is still a Champ.
I passed this diaper pail on to a friend once I was finished with it, and will happily purchase it for other friends in the futureIt is so easy to use.
The only con is that it can be tough to open until you get the hang of it.
But it will certainly be an even greater challenge for your child to openLet's face it.
One cannot expect that it will be odor free.
Works for me.
When opening the lid, step on the stabilizer ring at the bottom of the unit and it opens with ease.I too love that you do not have to buy special bags for this.
It's also taller than the genie which is good for me, I don't have to bend over so much to flip the lidThis is a fine product and I am happy with it.
Even the "new and improved" Diaper Genie can't compare to the Diaper Champ.The Diaper Champ uses regular size trash bags where the Diaper Genie requires special refills.
And regardless of brand, ANY DIAPER PAIL WILL NEED TO BE EMPTIED ON A REGULAR BASIS.
When I first had my son, I bought a diaper champ to keep at my mom's house.
I had to explain to her that it wasn't a "magic pail", it was still just a covered trash bin.
(honestly, how did she raise 2 kids?...)
Letting it get too full and leaving it too long may contribute to odor issues, too.Not having to buy special bags saves us lots of time, hassle, and money.I do have one friend who "retired" hers to the back porch because of odor.
It's fabulous!
We've been using it for almost 15 months now and still love it!
One, its holds seal tight of no smell in the baby bedroom.
Well, my husband and I are very happy to get this in the mail.EDITED: 1/9/06At first I said it was great.
Such a hastle right?
I think so, so I am going to recomment this item from great diaper champ to NOT SO GREAT DIAPER CHAMP.
Im giving this a 1 start out of 5 starsTo put it simply, this is a necessary item for every home with a baby..-no refill bags (tip--can store extra empty bags inside in the bottom)-easy to empty & clean-no odors-not big & bulkyI wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
I can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
That would be my only complaintThis diaper pail is excellent.
No odors have escaped the pail in 3 months.
I am very pleased with it.
I do have one word of caution: Make sure there are absolutley no diaper tape edges hanging loose when you flip the cylinder.
They can rip out the filter that keeps the odors inside.
Baby Trend will expect you to send the pail and the original receipt back to them for repairs if the filter comes out.
Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
Yes, you do have to air them out once in a while, and clean them frequently (yay for Lysol), but the plastic does absorb odors no matter what.
Every mother of a two-year-old that I know is going to drastic lengths to air out their pail, no matter what brand they bought.
No one will be reusing theirs for a second child.So I'm getting another Champ because I like these things:- I can use it with one hand and can keep the other hand on my baby- I don't have to buy special refils (I do use odor-fighting garbage bags that really help)- I don't have to explain how to use it to babysitters.That's it.
Hope that helpsI love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be preparedThis is another great baby purchase.
When I brought it home, my husband laughed at me and said that it was just a "gadgety" baby thing that we didn't need.
I'm pretty sensitive to smells, but this one does a good job of containing odors.
I ended up using masking tape to hold it on.
You can use just regular trash bags which is awesome.
That's the only time it smells though.
These minor details wouldn't make me change my mind.
Now our baby is 1 month old &amp; I've never smelled a poopy diaper (and we formula feed) in our nursery which is in our master bedroom.
(NO EXPENSIVE REFILLS NEEDED!!!)
DiaperChamp was great until about 3 mos.
&amp; then just smelled all the time.
Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.
Dissapointing - wish it workedFriends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
It works easily with one hand, which is important.
While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it getsSomeone told me not to get the Diaper Genie, but invest my money in the Champ.
As my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.
I keep waiting for the day when he throws away something important and I don't catch itMy sister had a Diaper Genie and it always smelled really bad.
Boy am I glad!
It is so easy to use especially since you can use regular trashbags vs. genie refills and the diaper is gone w/ a flip of a handle!!
My son is 9 months old and we have NO SMELL PROBLEMS!!!
also, a bit of a pain to clean...either outside with the hose or in the tub.
No refills and odor free..can't beat thatThis one is the best and a must have!
It's a trash can so it should be simple.
This one is great because it is so easy to use, I never smell any odor, and it uses normal trash bags!
Why spend money on special trash bags?
I like the cheap roll of scented trash bags for like $2.00.
They work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changesMy girlfriend recommended the diaper champ over the diaper genie so I put it on my registry.
It holds lots of diapers and I do not have to spend money on refill bags.
I use tall kitchen trash bags.
and does not require any special bags.
I spoke to other parents to see what they used and most said that the Diaper Champ was leaps and bounds better than the alternatives.
Now, owning one myself, I agree.
My son is now 3 months old and we are still on our first box of kitchen sized trash bags....I have two very small complaints which is why I didn't give the Diaper Champ 5 stars.
Second, you have to be VERY careful when changing out the bags.
The lid is heavy and if it falls on your fingers you won't be really happy.
Overall this is an excellent product and I recommend it over all others out thereI read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced.
We've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us.
Be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces.
I have figured out that it is key to keeping the stink outI got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
It works great.
I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because I change him so often downstairs.
It is excellent since you can use your own trash bags in it and don't have to buy special ones.
You can also put the diaper in it using only 1 hand!
But it is truly worth buying!
I love mineWorks well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.
Very easy to replace garbage bags, you do not have to touch anything.Got it as a gift, and was very skeptical about it at first.
Besides you baby will probably poop only 1-2 times /dayI initially planned to get a Diaper Genie.
I'm glad I didn't buy it.
We live in an apartment and have the Champ set up in his bedroom.
We use scented Glad bags to help mask the odor, which helps.
"The Champ works great.
We've never experienced odor from the pail.
I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...Highly recommended!!!
Makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapersWe have been using the Diaper Genie for the past 17 months and are very happy with it.
We opted to purchase this diaper pail even though my SIL gave us her used diaper pail (the other popular pail...one that uses its own brand of bags) for free--and we are VERY glad we did.Here's what we love about this pail...*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!!
(we wrap them nice and tight)*we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!!
*holds the odor in nicely!
Spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapersThe Diaper Champ has been wonderful in our home!!
It locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs.
I originally chose this one, because it doesn't use costly refills.
The lid is quite heavy, so you do have to be careful of your fingers when changing the bags, but that's the only concern I've had with it.
When you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside.
You would more than likely end up emptying the pail daily and that will keep the smell out(plus regulare maintance), and it is less expensive than the Diaper Champ.There are three diaper pails out that are cheaper:Safety 1st Diaper Pail: 8 gallons it's a bit small$9.99 at Target & Babies R UsOdorless Diaper Pail: 13 gallons bags @ Target $16.99Easy Saver Daiper Pail: 8 gallons $14.99 @ Babies R UsI have not tried any of these so I can't honestly review them.
I would buy one of these over the Diaper Genie or Diaper Dekor.I still give it 4 stars.
Everyone has kitchen trash bags that can be used with the Champ or regular grocery bags could be put to use.
Although this one costs $5 the first time around, it won't require special bags as the Genie does, which cost $15 per set... this one takes your standard Glad bags you can get in Costco, BJs, Sam's or your local supermarket, so rejoice!
Its the easiest to use!
I purchases this diaper pail in its place and i loooove it!
And it holds alot more!
This is worth the few extra buck because you arnt spending 5 more bucks every othe rweek for refills!
and i love the fact that you dont have to open it to put a diaper in so i can do it one handed.
Just toss the diaper in the top and flip over the handle, its sooo easy!
No smells at all!
Especially no special bags to buy.
(no offense)My son is now 5 1/2 months old and is nursing but also eats most solids including table foods when were out at a restaurant.
My sister (mother of 2) recommended this to me and I am so grateful.
But it doesn't keep smells in at all.
It is also to wipe clean if you do get the chute a bit dirty.
I second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.
The latch isn't terribly difficult, and I wouldn't want it to be too easy since it sits in my son's roomThis is one of the items that I absolutely love, something I'd rather not live without.
MY HUSBAND AND I CHOSE TO USE CLOTH DIAPERS ON OUR SON AND THIS WORKS GREAT FOR HOLDING THEM UNTIL THEY GET WASHED.
WE NEVER NOTICE A SMELL COMING FROM IT.
WE ALSO LOVE THAT IT USES REGULAR TRASH BAGS RATHER THAN NEEDING SPECIAL BAGS.
IT HAS BEEN A REALLY GREAT PRODUCT FOR US AND WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO IS CLOTH DIAPERING THEIR BABYWe registered for the diaper champ mostly based on the reviews and the fact that no special bags were needed.
We use the odor guard trash bags but I doubt it has much effect (it doesn't in the kitchen anyway).
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
Would definitely recommendTHis is the only one I have ever used, and i have to say I LIKE IT!
It is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute.
It is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of spaceThe Diaper Champ is a life saver.
We have had no problems with odor at all as some other reviewers have complained of.
Our baby's room never smells!
It is easy to use.
The price is very affordable as wellWe started with the Diaper Genie as most new parents do.
The bags never fit right and then it never spun right.
We decided we had to have something so we started researching.
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
No spinning it or anyhting!
It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products goI've tried the two other most popular diaper pails and am happiest with this one.
It is easy to change the bag, uses any trash bag, and does a decent job of containing odor.
I would highly suggest using this one from the very beginning.
Let's face it....no diaper pail is perfect, but this one is the best that I've usedOk, so the idea of the Diaper Champ is awesome--it is very easy to use--that's why I gave it 1 star.
Someone gave me the Neat diaper disposal system for my baby shower & I absolutely loved it.
I see why this thing got 4 stars--all of these parents have young children!!
I couldn't stand it!
I'm taking it back & getting the Neat again!
The Diaper Champ must be great for infants, but you may want to consider something else for older babiesI bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
I used to work in a daycare and we had a diaper genie.
We all hated it.
It takes regular trash bags.
I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for youThis is a great diaper pail.
There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.)
We thought since the babies were going to be at his parents house while we were at work.
We did reg for the diaper champ to keep at the grandparents house.
We ended up getting 1 for their home and 2 for our home.
We are SO HAPPY we did.
They are so easy to use.
With the diaper champ you can use any kind of bags which is great!!!
There really is no oder with the diaper champ.
We wash it out once a month or sooner with bleach and water just help get rid of some germs.
I also like the Decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot, instead of a hand like with the Champ, because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table, I need of my hands on himWe have both a Diaper Champ and a Diaper Genie....and we definitely prefer our Champ!
Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
I strongly recommend itLet me just say this... After being a nanny for almost 10 years I have tried them all.
This one is really great.
I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
I just knew all along what products I would not use, but was undecided on the actual one I wanted.
Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
We just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month.
The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
We just recently had to buy another roll of bags.
SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
Would reccommend to anyone and everyoneWe just couldn't bring ourselves to buy a pail that required us to purchase extra refills.
This pail is great.
Everyone I knew had the Diaper Genie but had to buy expensive refills and did not like all the twisting involved.
After reading reviews of the Diaper Champ, I put it on my baby registry and I am glad I did.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
and is easy to clean.
This one uses regular bags (I use 32 gallon bags).
Here's some tricks for this Champ:1.
Put an Arm & Hammer Baking Soda box at the bottom of the pail to help eliminate orders.
The side straps of the diaper will get caught in the shoot so make sure you roll the diaper really tight and use the straps to hold it together, otherwise your diaper shoot will get clogged.3.
Double bagging them helps to eliminate the orders.Hope this helpsMy husband and I love this product.
Several friends of ours recommended it, and I'm so happy that we purchased it.
My sister had the Diaper Genie, which is tough to use and too small.
This product is much betterThis diaper pail is a wonderful investment.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
I highly recommend the Diaper ChampWe also wanted the diaper champ instead of the Genie because...who wants to buy special bags??
Piece of cakeI registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviewsLove it, love it, love it!
I love that you can use regular plastic bags and don't need to buy refills for it.
Wipes up nice and clean with antibacterial wipes.
My daughter is starting potty training and I'm still using it.
It is however a huge hassle to open so beware if you value your manicures.
It is very easy to use, refill, and move around.
The fact that I can use a regular trash bag is a definite plus to a mommy with a small budget!I highly recommend this productI was quite pleased with this for the first 6 months.
Now as my son's diet is changing, the odor of his bowl movements can no longer be contained.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
Here are the big two complaints:1.
It's unsanitary.
We used the odor prevention garbage bags, but nothing prepared me for that odor when I opened the lid.
Yuck.On the plus side, it's wonderful to be able to use regular garbage bags, not the expensive ones the Genie requires.
And it's certainly easy to use.
And the new version of the Genie is much easier to operate than the earlier model, so we'll just cross our fingers the lid stays attached next timeI've been over to friends' houses and fought with their diaper genies.
I've tried Lysol and the dryer sheet at the bottom of the can and various other tricks to mask the odor emanating from the Champ without luck.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.
I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refillsI thought about getting the diaper genie at first but then did some research.
This is the best for your money!
Not only was it less expensive than most other diaper pails, it also works the best.
I really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags.
It works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else.
It's a good size & fits nicely next to my baby's changing table.
Overall, I am happy with this product & do recommend itThis is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!!!!
No problems or odors at all.
The best part is you use regular kitchen trash bags, no expensive specialty bags to buyThe Diaper Champ is excellent.
I have experienced no issues with odor, in fact I keep this in my baby's closet.
No special bags are needed ... what a savings!
Great value for an excellent productWhen my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke, I bought a Diaper Champ.
While I was happy about being able to use regular trash bags, that was all that really impressed me with the Diaper Champ.The odor protection of the Diaper Champ really leaves something to be desired.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
I think it's great and I highly recommend it to every family that loves to save moneyUnlike the Diaper Genie, the Diaper Champ can be used for both disposable and cloth diapers.
It's so easy to use, my 18 mo old daughter figured out how to flip it and started doing it for fun.
She's now 2.5 and still loves to flip her training pants into the pailI'm not sure about this one.
I just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.
In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
(It was not a pleasant task to retrieve it, either!)
I haven't been able to figure out how to fix it, so we are using a Safety 1st Diaper Pail now, and the Diaper Champ will be hauled to the road for the trash pickup next week.
We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001!
:) It's very easy to clean and so easy to useWe purchased the Diaper Champ instead of the Diaper Genie because we didn't want to buy special bags.
We have now used it for a year and it has been great!
I don't like how easily it gets backed up though.
I had planned to get the Diaper Genie, but after I read the reviews, the Diaper Champ won out!
I love the fact that the Diaper Champ accepts any kind of bag, and you don't have to purchase specific bags.
It's also super easy to use one-handed which is important with a squirmy infant either in your arms or on the changing table.
This is one of those baby items I wouldn't want to do withoutI've used the genie in the past and much prefer the Diaper Champ.
I'm all about practicality when it comes to baby products and the Diaper Champ is right in line with my views.Very easy to use,(my senior citizen parents figured it out...lol), controls odor well and USES REGULAR TRASH BAGS...woohoo!
Very easy to use.3.
Very easy to empty.4.
Can use regular trash bags (saves money!)CON'S1.
And once it is open (stinky!!!)
We have cleaned it, sprayed it, bleached it, put dryer sheets in it, well you name it and we have tried it.
THE THING STINKS!!!
We have since tried other bags and such but if you walk in my sons room you smell the diaper champ.
Also just a note.
My son started eating solid food and went to formula when it started stinking real badI love this diaper Champ.
I got it as a shower gift and hadent heard of it before but when I started using it I had to tell all my friends.
This will definatly be my gift of choice from now on to all my pregnant friends.
This pail doesn't really keep in odors anymore and we'll probably have to get a new one, but since you can use regular garbage bags (we actually use the bags we get our groceries in because they hang perfectly) its still probably a better deal than the genieNo special bags to buy... change at least twice per week (especially in the summer) and you are good to go.
It does certainly reduce the odor but the bag still needs to be replaced regularly otherwise the odor will sneak up on youI originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
I decided to go with the Diaper Champ rather than the more popular Diaper Genie, because I didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
CHANGE BAGS FREQUENTLY!!
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
Again, this is because as their diet changes, so does the consistency and odor of their stool, in other words, it gets stinkier!!
!All in all, this product is definitely one I would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable priceI love this!
But once I used it, it made changing the crib in the middle of the night speedy, letting baby and ME get back to sleep quicker.First off, it is soft to lay on, absorbant and waterproof.
If baby's diaper leaks it only gets on this sheet.
You can take the sheet off easily by just removing the snaps attached around your crib slats.
We have our crib matress dressed in an additional regular crib sheet underneath with a cheap matress pad below it.
This allows us to make it thru the night without having to make a full crib linen change--- at least until morning.I will certainly buy this as my gift to all my friends baby showersOur son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well.
It is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though.
It just has problems fitting around the big 4 corner crib rails so I am forced to attach the snaps on the regular rails instead which makes the sheet not be able to stretch to look completely flat.Today I just found another use out of it though after feeling that it was a waste to buy this.
My son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off!
AH!
So I improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.
It would have cost about the same price to buy an actual[...] rail cover so it works out.
He usually only teethes on 1 side tooI bought this based on good reviews in the Baby Bargains book, so I had high expectations.
If you're not using crib bumpers, the look of all the elastic pieces on the crib slats isn't too attractive.
I'm glad to have one of these, but it isn't the miracle sheet I hoped forHere's what I like about this product: it's easy to change, and it provides a leak-proof barrier between the baby and the mattress.
I only use it now when I know he is prone to leaking, such as when he is between diaper sizes.
Changing the crib sheet daily was NOT fun.After I got this, it got a bit easier.
Not as soft as the crib sheet fabric, unfortunatelyIt's a nice thick pad and seems comfortable enough to use in place of a sheet everyday, but it's too expensive for a sheet and because it has the rubber bottom, you can't really put it in the dryer without harming it.
So I use it as a water proof pad and put a sheet over the top of it, but that takes away from the ease of putting it on the mattress, since It gets tucked in the fitted sheetI have been using these sheets for 6 months.
Putting regular sheets on crib mattresses is a huge hassle, so the Ultimate Crib Sheet is a huge help for middle of the night diaper leaks.
I leave baby's cute sheets on the mattress and use this on top.Size: Both of mine shrank a tiny bit in the dryer, but it is not a problem at all.
Lifting my daughter's mattress takes no effort: it's made of lightweight foam.
As a result, changing her sheets is also super easy.
On the other hand, snapping all the ties on the ultimate crib sheet takes bending over the crib for five solid minutes (plus, the manufacturer recommends snapping the snaps before every wash, which means snap on crib, unsnap, snap again before wash, unsnap, snap on crib...) So, if you have a foam mattress in a corner of the room, I'd suggest just getting normal sheets and some of those stay-dry liners.
Not in a lifetime.
Plus, when I opened the package, it smelled of plastic.
I will do the laundry when she messes up the bed and deal with it rather risk exposure to PVC fumesworks great to keep the mattress and sheets under dry.
It also is good enough to be used without a cover, my daughter doesnt mind it.
This is the best thing ever!
we put one on, and have the other one for an emergency.
It is soft, the cotton is excellent quality and the work of crib changing at 3 in the morning it just went from 10 minutes to 1 minute!
nothing can bit 9 minutes of extra sleep in the middle of the nightThe baby isn't here yet.
But we've bought a couple of these.
So, we'll give these a shot.
I've also heard great things about those.
Will let you all know, if these turn out to be a disasterThis item was great in the middle of the night when little one had an accident.
HOWEVER...I really hated that after i washed this item only a few times, the surface became very rough to the point that i quit using it all together.
It's something you don't think about, but will save you when you're totally exhausted and your baby spits up in bed.
Ever tried to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night while your kids has either puked or peed on it.
No one is happy, everyone is crying.
This simplifies all of that and still lets you have and see your adorable sheet set you overpaid for.
It is definitely one of the first things that I recommend to parents and I'm glad that we will have it around for our second child.
also, on a side note, as cheap as these are from Amazon, I have also been able to find the same brand at TJMaxx and Marshalls for half the priceWhen my son was a newborn, I was able to fold it in two and placed a blanket on top to make it a little more comfortable because it is kind of scratchy.
Now at four months it is at is full length and I still put a blanket on top of it.
Whenever he gets it wet I just take the blanket and the cover and wash it easily.
This makes life simple and cleaner.
It keeps the rest of my son's crib sheets dry, so easy to take off and clean.
I have two so I just wash one and use the other.
It covers the full top surface of the crib, give or take an inch.
My daughter has used 3 of these over the last 3 months.
The upper material is soft and smooth with adequate middle absorption so that it catches excess moisture.
I used one on her crib on top of a decorative sheet, another doubled over in her playpen under a practical sheet (since the playpen pad can't be easily washed), and a third to replace whichever one she soiled most recently.
I have not yet had any problems with her getting underneath it.
The snaps work well on small crib rails.
They may not fit around larger crib posts.
I highly recommend this to any new mother with an appropriate crib.
The mother had requested a couple of these.
Great idea for a baby shower giftUPDATE: After washing them only a few times, the snaps have been falling off so this sheet is not very sturdy.
Instead of taken apart the bumper to remove the mattress to change the sheet, all that is required is to unsnap the corners that secure sheet in place.
I have three, one for the hamper, one on the crib, and one waiting to be used in case of a bed wettingI absolutely love this sheet!
Changing my babies sheet is effortless, thanks to this great invention.
Therefore, I found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).
All the praise is accurate!!!
It's better than the standard sheet savers because it covers the entire top of the matress - not just one part.
The only drawback is that it only comes in white, but since it can only be seen looking INTO the crib, it not a big issue for meThese are the only sheets I have ever used in my son's crib.
I just use my Ultimate Crib Sheets.
I have three; I would recommend that number.
I've never not had one on hand, with 3 totalI thought this looked wonderful in the store so I registered for a couple.
Afterwards I attempted to put a cute sheet and mattress pad in the crib... such a chore!
I started using these and haven't had to change the cute sheet since.
It's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.
I've changed it in the middle of the night in a couple minutes tops... it washes up great with my baby's normal laundry too!
The first time I tried to put in on the mattress, I was fussing and swearing at it and was sweating my butt off trying to get it hooked on.
Since then, I've had to do it myself, and I still hate it although I am getting better.The pros?It is nicely waterproof.
When the boy spits up or his diaper leaks or he sweats a lot, it does not make it through to the mattress.
But that said, it's not like there's a lot of liquid to worry about.We haven't had any issue with the snaps not staying snapped or the baby getting underneath the sheet.Overall?We are still using this, although I am not quite sure why.
It is super absorbent and stays in place!
They are great for potty training accidents and for one unfortunate night with the stomach flu.
I used to wrestle with matress when changing the sheets but not anymore.
I have the pretty sheet that matches the bedding on the bottom and the crib sheet on top.
Now if there is a middle-of-the-night accident I just unsnap the cirb sheet, pull it off, and put a clean one in its place.
I'm still using the ones that I received during my baby shower.
Overall, I'd highly recommend this productThey are so easy to put on (or change when you're half asleep) and really protect the baby's sheets.
I have three of them right now!
You need to be careful with them in the washer and dryer (the washer sometimes ripped the backings on them and the dryer sometimes broke off the snaps) but they are so worth itThe first time I went to change the crib sheet on my baby's crib I understood the importance of the Ultimate Crib Sheet!
The Ultimate Cribe sheet snaps off & I put a clean one on - so easy & practical!
Don't go withoutWe registered for the Ultimate Crib Sheet because a cousin and a few friends raved about it - they said to get two so that one could be on the crib and one could be in the wash.
I received it at my baby shower, but we have found only limited value in this crib sheet for our 11 month old daughter.
Since our daughter is a "perimeter" sleeper who likes to be up against the edges of her crib, that is a problem.The majority of parents we know have purchased convertible cribs which have thick corner posts when configured as a crib or toddler bed.
However we have found that a waterproof pad under a normal crib sheet works just fine for our babyI use this on top of my crib sheet when my crib sheet is dirty and I don't have a replacement.
So in that sense it's helpful.
It can probably hold a lot of pee, but the real question is why does your kid need this kind of protection?
I wouldn't sleep on this so will not use it for my son's crib.
It can be simply used by itself by just fastening the straps to the sides of the crib or can be used with a more decorative sheet simply placed snugly in place over it.My daughter is now 6 months and has leaked out of her diaper on occassion, the mattress that she sleeps on cost around $120.00, so thanks to this sheet the mattress still looks the same as it did when we brougt it homeI absolutely love the idea of this crib sheet.
To my disappointment, the elastics at the corners will not fit around the wide posts of my crib.
This should come as no suprise since it is also harder to find crib bumpers that fit correctly too.
Needless to say, if you have an Italian made crib, keep the packaging and the receipt.
Return all those cute sheets you bought and invest in a bunch of these - you won't regret itReality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.
Instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.
I have a regular crib sheet under the Ultimate Crib Sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.
I have two of them and it's worked out just fineMy sister recommended this product to me, and I wanted to like it.
But the waterproof barrier makes this not breathable.
My baby would sweat profusely.
We always keep our house at 68-70 and dressed him in a cotton sleeper.
Basically, whatever was touching the mattress pad could not breath and it was uncomfortable no matter what temperature adjustment we made.I will say the design configuration is very practical and a great idea.
This pad makes it easy to clean up the crib after an accident and speed is critical in the middle of the night.I purchased a felted 100% wool mattress pad instead and couldn't be happier.
Wool is a truly fabulous product: very breathable, helps regulate body temp, naturally water resistant, anti bacterial and NATURAL!!!!
I am nervous that it could be dangerous once my baby is moving around more in the crib; she is only 3 months, so she stays put right now.
I will probably stop using this once she can roll overIt works well enough, but it takes so long to get all 10 of those snaps around the crib rails, ya might as well just change the regular sheetThe strings ripped off when I tried to pull it off of the crib.
So it might be a good idea if you don't have a great baby mattress or aren't into decorating the baby space.
It's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so I really never needed thisI had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from Babies R Us.
The snaps make it a breeze to change, I'm so glad I don't have to take the mattress out of the crib all the time!
The waterproof backing is great not just for the diaper leaks but also for the spit-ups.
Waterproof!!
Perfect giftI measured the crib before purchasing this, but it was not a hood fit for our standard Jenny Lind crib.
It did not make me feel comfortable to have those straps dangling since they could have been a potential choking hazardSeemed like a good idea, but I didn't care for it.
I returned it because it wasn't soft.
Buy two and put them both in the crib.
As far as the snaps falling off, my son had pyloric stenosis (severe vomiting requiring surgery) and I washed these 3 or 4 times a day for weeks.
I even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommendedI bought this, put it on the crib, took one look at it, took it off, and returned it.
Easy to wash and can be used anywhere, not only crib.
One of them was an open item but the sheet looks fine and doesn't seem like have been used.
I'm okay with that because i bought them for less than $4My son spit up in his sleep for the first 6 months, so this product was wonderful.
The product was such a life saver that I will purchase new ones (maybe a different brand) for future children, but I really expected more than 6 months of use out of theseI love this item.
I was quite surprised by the rough texture of the top layer of the sheet.
However, both problems improved substantially when we removed it and put her on a softer, normal bed sheet.Also, I agree with another poster that this could be a dangerous product, especially if your baby is older and moves around her crib a lot.
There is no way to tuck the sides under, as with a regular sheet, so a baby could find her way under the sheet and suffocate.
Keep in mind, too, that undoing the snaps is very easy--so easy, a baby could do it!
I won't be regularly using this sheet anymore.
But, there is an upside.
And it is waterproof underneath (unlike a certain zipper sheet, I could name), so in an emergency you don't have to worry about the mattress.
Recently, my daughter had a stomach virus, diarrhea everywhere.
Instead, I have 2 ultimate crib sheets that I alternate between.
I can't tell you how awesome it's been.
In a pinch (ie, diaper explosion or sick baby in the middle of the night), they make life SO much easier.
You don't need any other mattress pad with it, eitherI've had 2 of the ultimate crib sheets and been using them for 7 months now and I do not like them.
Thankfully, it was only 2 snaps and I was still able to make the sheet function.
However, it does take some time to snap the sheet on securely and it isn't very soft or cozy for baby.
It has kept accidents from leaking through and it did work well in that area, but as far as adding coziness or comfort or ease of use...it failed miserably.
Go for a different crib pad that will protect and add some softness/coziness to the crib.
I knew I wanted to keep the bumper and searched the internet to find a solution.
This was the first recommendation to pop up with rave reviews!
I tried one out and absolutely loved it!
I don't like the new design nearly as much as the original.
This won't work for us as baby gets older.
I do like that the sheets are easy to change, clean well and allow you to keep the crib safe without having to add a lot of bedding.
This product works well with the Halo Sleep SacksOur newborn baby boy has been having a ball spraying us every time we change him.
Thank goodness we bought these crib sheets!
I can't see the sheets underneath really well, since it covers the entire top of it, but it keeps it clean and dry.
The top is soft, while the bottom is lined with plasticLove this.
This makes it easier to keep my baby's bed cleanTry to change those sheets on a heavy crib mattress in the middle of the night after your kid has an accident and then try jus changing this pads.
So easy to put, so easy to change, maybe not visually appealing but I go for practical not just looks.
It is large enough to cover the whole crib surface.
It seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.My only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.I think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.
I like it and would recommend itLifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks!
I just put it on top of his regular sheet (which is over a waterproof mattress pad).
The snaps can be a little tricky to remove with one hand (say when you're holding a baby), but I generally start unsnapping while he is still in the cribDid not know about these initially when I registered for my first baby.
Had one during her first year.
Now having a second baby and ordered three more!
Our first one did pill on the cloth side but baby doesn't mind and it still serves it's purposeWhen my newborn was in her Co-Sleeper, changing wet bedding every morning was no big deal -- but a move to the crib meant a HUGE daily struggle to disassemble the bumper, manhandle the mattress and strip the sheet and mattress pad, then reverse the whole process after washing and drying.
The Ultimate Crib Sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash.
It's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry.
There are always loose straps hanging off or awkward folds in it when we try to strap it down.
We tried over and over again to get it right, but to no avail.
This is ok, but then when we do have a late night accident and have to pull off the top sheet we always worry about the Ultimate Sheet not being strapped down properly.
And they don't keep the sheet secure to the mattress.
We have a Sorelle Rosa crib with hidden hardware so the snaps must go around the outside of two bars for each corner.
No big deal though as we just do two corners and then go around the first set of bars on the far side.
If our baby does start to try to get under the sheet it doesn't seem like a difficult task to just add our our strap extensions.
They are awesome especially when kids have runny noses etc.
The only downside is you can't see the pretty design on the crib sheet but for me that is really no big dealThis pad has worked well for my son.
It's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident.
It has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality.
He got used to it and now it is working fineStarted potty training and this has been our best purchase.
Rarely my crazy sleeper will roll to a part of the bed thats not covered and pee but usually this pad protects the sheets and saves me from having to change all the sheets.
Stays put.
Washes wellIt does what it is intended to do, protect mattress from wetness.
It is not comfortable so you have to put it under the sheet which means a lot of changing or bedding during the middle of the night if there is an accidentAccidents happen with little kids, this is a really easy way to make sure the bed is kept clean and dry especially if you have a loft or bunk bed you don't want to climb up to, to tear apartThe method that I used for potty training had me completely throw away the diapers and didn't allow for pull ups.
(It worked well!)
About a month after we started my daughter had a string of accidents at night out of the blue.
Turns out my daughter was sick at the time, but once I got two of these it was so easy to just move her and take this pad off to wash it instead of stripping and remaking the bed.
I wish I had known about this when I first started potty training (for nap time and bedtime).
It is also relatively small to pack if you are traveling somewhere and you are afraid of your child wetting the bed this is great for that too.
I now have this off of her bed again, but I can't say enough good stuff about this productFor a Training pad these are super easy to use, wash and make acceptable with your kid.
Have 5 of them now as we braved no diapers at night early onI use this along with a water proof mattress pad, to minimize the number of times I have to launder EVERYthing, and it is fantastic.
And my kids don't really even know it is thereThis is an excellent mattress pad to use during potty training.
It's also good for the time before that just in case there are leaks.
It's very absorptive and easy to put on and take offI bought this at a discounted price and that is the only reason I am not returning it.
It fits across our mattress just fine and we are able to tuck it in.
It continually rolls up and then my son is sleep with a big crease across his chest and tummy....which is not very comfortable.
And it doesn't secure to the bed that well.
I'll probably trash it and get a better one, I don't want to risk ruining my bed if my 3 year old misses the pad.
!00% would not recommend itWe are in the process of night-time training our 4 year old.
I am considering getting anotherI absolutely LOVE the Handy's Plus Pad.
I purchased 5 of the full-size pads for my son over a year and a half ago and I think they are GREAT.
), are comfortable and wash-up well.
I only have 2 complaints ... 1. the side-flaps aren't quite long enough to fully tuck under if you have a pillow-top mattress (although you can make it work if one side of the bed is against the wall and you pull the opposite side really tight) AND 2. the top and bottom of the pad tend to "curl up" after several washings.
Despite these complaints, I have not been able to find a pad that is even near the quality and comfort of this one.
I also use one (full-size) on the Spinmaster Flip-Open Sofa to keep spills and accidents from staining the sofa.
The full-size fully covers the full-length of the sofa.
(fyi ...
If you like Basic Comfort's Ultimate Crib Sheet, then you'll also like their Handy's Plus Pad.
I've been using it almost a year.
Not had any stinky problems and this is in my hallway right by the familyroom.
I do take it outside every month and give it a good cleaning w/ bleach and a garden hoseThis is an OKAY diaper pail for the money.
It is very easy to open and I wonder about my son getting in it as he gets older.
I even bought some odor discs but they didn't work either.
The only convenient thing about this is that you can put whatever garbage bag you want in it and even then, the bag can hold many diapersMy husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags.
The springs have been popping off since about the first month.
It's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash canYes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature!
And yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another.
The covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapersWe have used this pail for 3 years, and 2 kids.
The advantage is that this pail doesn't require any special bags.
Several of my friends disapproved of the Diaper Genie and recommended we purchase an inexpensive diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags.
Odor-Less - No.
I place an aroma jell in the little basket which helps with the odorPurchased this unit to hold adult size large briefs and have been pleasantly surprised.
I wish it held more but I'm so happy to have something that helps with this &quot;unmentionable&quot; problem that I really am not concerned by the small-ish volume.
I'm having trouble finding replacement deodorizer disks though and may have to use a stick-on unit or something when a new one is requiredI really like this diaper pail.
It helps with odor control, but is certainly not odorless.
This one has a lid that closes nicely to shut out odors.
It has a nice little compartment for odor disks to help manage odor.
I can't fit a larger cable through it.
PLUS if you have plugs that go sideways like our ROKU does.
You can't use it.
The narrowness makes this not work for adapters or thick cords.
And the two small openings at the bottom of the unit are for thinner or normal sized cords only.
When I did this I was actually only able to put one cord per cover.
We only have a couple items plugged into an outlet that isn't covered by furniture so I purchased these to make sure he couldn't pull the plug out of the wall and get shocked.
They are wonderful and I feel much safer letting my little guy explore the house.
But I don't have to worry about the plugs anymore!
One less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parentsI bought these to help baby proof my house.
My son gets into everything!!
These covers are fantastic.
There is no way my son will be able to open them....he's tried!
haha.
So you still need to be vigilantThere are two pieces to the outlet cover: back part replaces the outlet cover (and needs to be screwed on) and the front cover, which is released from the back cover by squeezing the two plastic pieces on the sides.
It projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord.
It also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bitThese are fine for standard, thin power cords.
We finally ended up attaching ours to the wall with duct tape to cover those cords.I am giving this three stars because it does work fairly well for thin cords, and because I have yet to see anything better out there.
If you want to run something thicker (like the wire on one of my power strips) I found I had to do a bit of modification to make it fit.
I'd consider them on the fence for an outlet that I'd want access to all the time, and someone with arthritis would probably want to stay awayI had a couple major issues with this outlet cover.#1: The screw that probably is in your existing wall outlet covers is not long enough to accommodate this outlet cover.
They made it much thicker than the outlet cover it replaces so for me, I need to go purchase a handful of screws.#2: Box is not big enough to accommodate ANYTHING except basic, small, two-prong plugs.
So what won't fit?
Our laptops, our phone charger (Samsung Galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), iPod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, DSLR charger, baby sound machine, Verizon Fios plugs.
A lamp.
Just one lamp.
The Safety 1st units are square (not pyramid shaped) and hold various plugsIf you want to keep the plug in there forever, it is the best one.
But the first time, you still need to open it to install.
Another con is the cover is too small, that I cannot put anything other than a stand lamp in itThese work great to keep kids out of the plugs and are easy enough to remove by an adult.
We use them in our nurseryThe slots for the cords on the bottom of the cover are too small.
I feel everything of my children's has an oversize plug that goes in the wall.
Have yet found anything to use it forThis thing works but it's very tricky getting off.
Don't get discouraged like I did.
Work it gently and It will come off easy with a little presure.
Does not fit a bulky box plug in head only standard ones like a lampGreat to keep kids away from plugs, but it prevents me from using the plugs as well.
If you have something that is plugged in permanently, it may work great but don't use this for an outlet you need to access regularlyI have 18 month old twins, and an older child with cerebral palsey, she has a hospital bed downstairs where we all get together during the day and evening and the babies are always getting into the cords, pulling them out of the wall, came on amazon (found this) and it goes over even the thick cords for the hospital bed (3 prong) so it is well worth the money as the babies have now completely given up on the cordsMy 2 year old hasn't been able to figure them out yet, so naturally, we're sold!
Yes, it's childproof, but also adultproof too which is not convenient at all.
It also doesn't fit all outlets.
Only the smallest plugs will work like lamp plugs not not thick cords like computer plugs.
The plug won't come out of the box easily, but it can still be unplugged, and since it's harder for an adult to get fingers in the top part to plug it back in, it has to be taken apart to be plugged back in.Overall, it's done the job very well, but it is big and isn't perfect (though I doubt anything isI love this item.
I got two for my apt.
I absolutely love this itemI love this thing.
Also very easy to use.
It seems sturdy and does fit fine, but the opening is way too big.
I decided to keep it and put clear packing tape around the openingThey are as shown, and work great so that kids can't pull out the many cords that we all use easily!
Yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but I could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.In the end, I rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary.
I enjoy how I can reach my skinny fingers into it unplug one thing and still leave it in the power strip cover but my son can still not get into it at all.
It has been great to have especially now for all the Christmas lights we have going onthis helps from letting my daughter play with the actual outlet and plug in, but she can still pull the cord out of the plug in the inside.
I finally started using it last week.
But, once I ready the instructions a few times I got it.
I would purchase another one of theseThis is a perfect baby proofing tool.
The strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.
There is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.
It is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.
It is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.
Overall, best power strip cover I've seenWe have several surge protectors throughout the house and these covers fit them well and protect the plugs and open outlets.
They do their job well.I have not tried to wall mountSo far, my 2 year old has been able to pull the cords out, but hasn't been able to get his little fingers down near the outlet, which is really the important part.
One nice plus is it actually neatens the look of the power strip, instead of making it look tackierReally?
How could this possibly be useful?
I saw somebody else post that the baby's hand can fit inside and I thought they were exaggerating.
I don't know what we'll replace it with since the others don't sound better, but I know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show.
There's no way I could leave baby in there with this while I was out of the room, so I might as well just leave the cords as isWhat a great idea, to protect your power strip.
The design is sturdy and fits our power strip perfectly, it is also easy to put together.
But it has two big minuses:1.
Its height.
The wires can bend but this is about 1 inch higher than the plugs, so if you want this to go under a piece of furniture you may want to consider whether it fits under or not.
THE REAL ISSUE: The width of the slot through which the cables come out.
MY TODDLER's HAND AND A PORTION OF HIS ARM fit through the slot perfectly, so he can reach the outlets AND the switch of the power cord.
What is the point of this item?
Although the toddler will be able to reach in, he will probably not have the strength or dexterity to pull out the outlet covers while his hand movements are limited by this shell.
And if you are planning to do the wall, keep in mind that this is pretty big--like attaching a 1L bottle of soda to your wall, only it is a solid, ugly off-white contraption with wires spewing off itWe used this behind the tv for all the connects and cords.
It works well and keeps all the cords from being pulledDoes the job!
It's huge.
I'm just grateful someone made something like this to keep our kids safe from electrocutionThis is the best power strip cover I have found.
We tried the Mommy's Helper cover but it doesn't shut very securely and doesn't fit some larger plugsDoesn't fit the strip we have our computer/tv plugs in.
We intended it to use there, but are using it in our bedroom insteadMy 2 year old never cared about the power cord under my computer (that powers the router), but once she discovered the entire family's reaction to pressing that red button, she sure loved sneaking down there.
Unfortunately it still draws the attention of a 9 month old baby....but nothing gets past them anyway!It is safer to just have no wires/plugs anywhere that babies can see them but if you cant this at least makes it impossible to get to outletsThis has been a life saver!
It has kept my now 18 month old son out of the plugs and safe and I could not be happier with this productIt's funny how many people have positively reviewed this.
Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well.
I just ended up getting a power strip with a longer cord and moving it behind a bookcaseIt's a pain to get on and off and the opening for the cords is pretty wide so that my kids can still get their fingers in there to where the outlets are.
This one does.
Some other reviews mention the size of the opening on the top - it's true, it's surprisingly wide, I can usually reach in enough to pull out a plug when I need to, rather than opening the whole thing.
So could your kid conceivably pull one of your plugs out when you don't want him/her to?
Sure, but the cover is also tall enough that it would be pretty darn hard for them to stick their fingers down into the open sockets.
Bottom line: treat this as a deterrent and not a substitute for knowing when your kid's playing with power cordsThis fits a very specific style of power strip.
Fully straight, single rowWe have a in floor outlet under our love seat that we have a power strip attached to.
This is was the perfect solution.
It was easy to install and so far my 7 month old can not get into itEasy to useI got this for my son's room and it would be fine except that most kid stuff has larger plugs that do not fit inside (for example for the wipes warmer).
If you are plugging in standard sizes only, it should work great.
Even when it is on its smallest setting!
Not just that, but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through, but the gap is so big, my kids can still unplug the cords and play with themI have two very busy almost two year old twins who were fascinated with the power strip in their playroom.
This cover isn't the most attractive thing, but works.
It is tall enough, but not quite long enough to secure together firmly on our extra long power strip.
It still works however, and is the best solution I've found.
Would recommendThis power strip easily keeps my breast-pump plug secure.
It also covered as well as the other plugs :) Easy to use and sturdyThis fits over various charger cords though it is bigger than I expected.
The biggest plug I have in there right now is a usb phone/tablet charger.
I haven't tried anything with the heavy blocky plugsI bought this "neutral" color (off-white) cover (UPC 5218110409, model 10409A - I don't know how that differs from model 10409) andMommy's Helper Power Strip Safety Coverto compare the two.
Unlike that item, this cover is expandable from 9" to 13.5" in length.
The roughly-cylindrical compartment is about 3.5" wide and 4" high.
Holes are provided in the base for wall mounting, but no accessories are provided.To open the thing, you press two tabs on the inner lower cover, then slide off the outer cover, then lift the inner top cover.
Place the power strip into the inner lower cover, then replace the inner top cover, then slide the inner cover into the outer cover.The plastic is stiffer compared with the Mommy's Helper model, but it also seems more brittle.
It can hold a wider and higher strip and transformers than the Mommy's Helper model by about 3/4" in either direction, which is nice.
As I was installing it I tried to be very careful as it seemed as though the plastic was quite thinFits all of my cords (even my Apple cords) perfectly.
Works exactly as advertisedThis works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips.
It also has the option of hanging it on the wall which I really like.
For our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together.
keep in mind its kind of bulky i didnt think of that when ii purchased this but still a good buy for what i needed it forSo far this has worked well for us.
It's not pretty but it is effective.
Will update this is my son figures out how to take it apartAlthough unfortunately for only medium sized power strips?
Great for a smaller/medium sized power strip thoughThis cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit.
You still have to manage how the cords coming out of this cover are child-proofed.
There is some space to roll up excess slack and stuff it into the coverTo bulky, not what I expected or needed.
Would not buy againEssential if you are in the process of baby-proofing the living daylights out of your apartment/house, as I am.
This product not only makes the powerstip safe for kids, but it also allow your chords to be in a neat casing and not all over the floorThis powerstrip cover is pointless.
My son who is 18 months can fit his hand in this gap and can almost reach the outletMy little one looooves plug ins.
It keeps my child and my electronics safe!My only critique of this item is that it seems a bit flimsy when fully extended.
The power strip for my entertainment center is a pretty standard length and size and fits in this strip cover with the cover extended fully.
When extended, the cover can wiggle, and if wiggled enough, little hands could possibly figure out how to separate the two pieces, thus gaining access to the power strip.
They do the job.
They aren't the prettiest thing, but they work to keep my son safe, which is the most importantMany kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.
But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).
And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogetherThere is no perfect solution to window blind cords, but I think these do well.
I actually used this kind years ago for pets.
I do usually have to open and close them to unwind, but that is okay.
However, for the kid's room we have the kind that is screwed into to the wall and wraps the cord around, so there is no chance of these plastic parts fallingWe have busy almost-two year old twins who are fascinated with the many window blinds in our house.
I didn't want to spend a fortune, but needed a quick fix.
These did the trick, easy to install, and keep the cords just out of their reach.
I've purchased several different brands, and they are all about the same.
Terrifying.
I tried a different lock prior to this one, which I returned as the lock kept flopping down inside the oven whenever open.
It is easy to install, and works in areas with tight clearance tooI was kinda exceptional when I saw it and the the adhesive pad idea wasn't that appealing to me for your oven door, but I gotta tell, it works and it works surprisingly goodThis item won't attach to a regular stove because the adhesive won't stick to the sides.
Also, it comes unlocked too easily if you can manage to get it to stick to the ovenIt's pretty hard to find a great oven lock.
This one had terrible reviews, but was the kind we needed for our new oven (a side lock).
She's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.
I can see a toddler who is very interested in the lock being able to figure it out, but she has been easily diverted from it.It's held up great, and I don't find it too cumbersome to lock/unlock it whenever I use the oven (which is pretty often - I cook a lot).
I have no complaintsWe love this oven lock.
Basic and easy too use and little ones can't figure it outMy 15 month old daughter was able to pull this thing apart with little effort.
The time now was well worth the ease in the future.
This is great because when we have future company we can reactivate them and the home is childproof again.
Definitely a wonderful investmentI LOVE these things!
They work great and I love that you can't see them or my child can not get his fingers stuck in anything!
They were featured on HGTV to baby-proof your house which is how I found out about them in the first place.
They cannot be opened at ALL by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.
Buy themLove these.
Not the easiest to install and they may take a little getting used to, but so worth it!
Would recommend in a heartbeatThe instructions to put the item together are small and hard to understand.
It's been sitting on my kitchen counter for about a month, and god knows when I will get to it.
We didn't want her to have access to the cabinets, as we store her nicer books in the cabinets.
We tried several different methods of keeping her out of the cabinet doors.
These things are great.
Just don't lose the "key" or lock it inside the cabinetWe have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home.
I've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in.
Sometimes the doors require pressing to open, but after I figured it out..
This will be the system of choice in any additional homes we buy later on...
I don't think I'd ever want to change after having such a positive experience.
I would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitationThe locks are great.
The only tricky part was installing them b/c if you don't drill far enough, the magents won't line up when you use the key on the other side and it won't work.
I also could not flip the red bar to disengage it.
I would recommend these b/c they work and with the key...they're almost even adult proofAs with everything about being a parent, locks are more complicated than you'd have thought (or would like!
):SCREW-MOUNTED MAGNETIC LOCKS: The Safety 1st Tot-Lok Locks can be difficult to install, especially on drawers, but have more flexibility about where you can install the lock than the adhesive locks and seem very secure.
Still, most people may want to try the adhesive locks (see below) first, to make it easier to get some child proofing done quickly.Pros:+ Very nice & secure once installed, especially since the fit can be adjusted to give a tight lock when closed.+ Works vertically or horizontally ... that is, on the side of a door or the top.+ Can easily be switched to hold the lock open, for when no children are aroundCons:- Complicated to install, especially in some situations.
So you might not get around to installing them, given all the other demands on your time.- Requires drilling a hole partway through the cabinet door from the inside for the magnetic part, plus some small holes to attach- May require some new tools - a collar lock, to keep from drilling through the door; and a right angle chuck for tight spacesIf you plan to be in your home for a while, and want a finished, secure set of locks, the Tot Loks may be a good choice.One note, if you use them often the magnetic key will wear the finish where it rubs.ADHESIVE MOUNT MAGNETIC LOCKS: The KidCo Adhesive Mount Magnet Locks will only work in some spots, but it's still a good lock to try first, for a lot of people, because it works well (in the right situations) and is easy to install.
Buy some and see how they work on your cabinets.
They seem to be strong enough so far, especially since our kids seem to give up trying a door after a while - if it won't open, they lose interest.
I don't know how the adhesive would stand up to long term use or really heavy pulling.HOOK LOCKS: The advantage that either of the magnetic locks has over the old fashioned hook type (like theMommy's Helper Safe-Lok Cabinet Door and Drawer Lock) is that the hooks have a lot more play (they have to open a little bit to give you access to the lock).
So a child can bang them back and forth - they might not open the door or drawer, but they will make a racket.
Maybe OK in some situations, but not a great solution for easily accessible drawers or doors.SLIDE LOCKS: Slide locks (such as theAmerican Red Cross Cabinet Safety Slide Lock) are very quick and easy to install, if they fit.
But they can also be pretty easy for some kids to unlock, so if they are within reach they aren't much of a barrier to older kids.
And even younger kids can sometimes open them by pulling or pushing on the doors.
However, they are a good temporary solution and can be useful to carry when you travel.FLEX LOCKS: Flex locks (like the Safety First Cabinet Flex-Lock (see reviews) orCabinet Flex-Lock 2-Pack) are strong and easy to install, and you can see by looking at them whether the lock is secure (unlike the magnetic locks, which are designed to be out of sight).
And as a bonus, they are so secure that even some adults can't open them!
;-) (They do take two hands to open.)
Not attractive, but they do the job if you keep them tightenedWe used other types of latches, such as the ones that you push down and the ones that you squeeze and pull apart.
We bought these magnet latches to put on our drawers in the kitchen and what a dream!!
Another reviewer suggested two keys.
Definitely.
One drawback: If you have a double-wide or single-wide mobile home, you will have to do some modifications to your drawers to get them to work.
After it was all done, it works perfectly.
If you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.
You have to be patient.
I think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.I love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.
We on the other hand love these locks.
We bought our first set 7 years ago to use with our first child.
I am just about to get a second set because we have a new crawler and I want to put them on the bathroom cabinets.
We prefer to leave our on at all times (even when our children don't need the cabinets locked anymore) because they are easy to turn off (just a flip of the red tab inside the cabinet) that way they are there whenever you have little ones visiting your home.
It leaves no room for fingers to get pinched either.
If you do happen to lose your lock you can buy a strong magnet from your home improvement store and still get it open.
Good luck whatever you decideAfter many years of fighting traditional cheap plastic child safety locks (we have a cat that likes to get into things too) and seeing our son still manage to pinch his fingers in doors (better than getting at chemicals or whatever, but still!
), our pediatrician recommended these to us.
They were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.
They also have a mechanism to keep the lock in the open position, like if you need to get in a cabinet a lot, or the kids are older and you don't need them anymore.
The newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.
They open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).
We use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.
So kind of unreliableThese locks are fantastic, but wow, what a pain to install.
My husband had to drill and redrill a couple of times to get the lock in the right place so that it would work.I would recommend these locks only for cabinets/drawers where there are dangerous/harmful goods inside.
But when I tried to install on my sink cabinet, one side worked like a charm and the other side just won't work.
The two parts line up fine, but they won't latch.
And the two cabinet sides were installed what seems like identically to me, but apparently not.
Hello?
It is cute that the manual says "do not drill through the door," hugh?
Who pays for that?
Non-starterWe installed these to keep the kids out of the knife drawers.
They worked well at first but had a learning curve.
Visitors to the house found it impossible to work, because we had to have the magnet positioned just so.
It takes work for people to learn.
They were correctly installed by my husband, but the magnet is just not strong enough to get it to open.
It may work if you have the thinner particle board cabinets, but it definitely didn't work through our solid wood cabinetsI am opening a home daycare and these are some of the only locks that are approved by the state of Washington.
I really think they would be great for grandparents or anyone who has young kids visiting often because you can turn them off when the kids are not there, most other child locks do not have that featureLove these, my son can not open anything now.
Everything is totally safe in our home now because of theseI am sure we will use these in the future, but I wanted to post saying that our doctor recommended an emery board to avoid the risk of cutting the skin of a newborn because their nails are so close to it.
After trying many different brands and styles - this is the one that we love.
The blades are dull enough that they do not clip skin but sharp enough to cut sharp little nails.
My baby's grow quickly so these clippers are used often.
I like that the grip it small enough to fit in my hand easily but not too big to make me clumsy.I love the grip, that it moves with me and keeps me stable so that I only clip nails.
It will not work for big people nails, which is nice - it means I can always find it when I need!I highly recommend these clippers to caregivers of infants and toddlers.
Hands down my favorite clippers - perfect on the pocketbook tooOn the first use of this item a sliver of metal fell off.
To add salt to the wound, I tried to return the item and I got two separate emails from the seller.
The first email asked me to describe the defect.
I responded to the email.
After which, I received a second email asking me to send a picture of the item; SERIOUSLY!
1.
2.
3.
If the seller needed a picture, this should have been requested in the first email, not in a second email.
I do not have time to respond to an email trail for a $3 nail clip.
In addition, my request to return the item was closed before the return approval process was completedOrdered before baby was born.
Now started to cut the nails already.
Nice clippers, easy to hold in the handNo brainer, makes it easy to cut my children's nails.Doesn't get lost easily.
But I'm guessing this is just the case with all baby clippers.
It's fairly easy to see what you're about to clip and you don't need to press very hard to cut the nail.
My handle was green, unlike the white in the photoEasy to hold and easy to use, we love it and it helps stop our son from scratching his face up at nightI have used these clippers just once, they did a good job.
I dont love them( not really comfortable to use) but they get the job doneVery nice it's was exactly what I expected.
I will defiantly recommend it.
I will be buying more in the futureThe extra add-on is awesome for long-fingered parents!
HahaSo the baby nail clippers are TINY!
and hard to hold, but this is great, it fits into the palm of my hand and I get my newborn son's nails clipped much easier.
I would recommend this productI received a different nail clipper as a baby shower gift.
I couldn't see my baby's finger nails at all and it wasn't sharp enough.Then I used this Safety 1st Nail Clipper at my mother's house.
The size is perfect for her little fingers.
I could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her.
The handle fits nicely in my hand.
And the blade is sharp enough to cut the nail off in one clip.
I bought one for myself and it's the only one I'll use nowI know they make these with a huge bulb on them now, but I still use the pairs of these I had from 10.5 years ago when my son was born.
I clip my 10 and 4 year olds' nails with these and they are steady and perfect and still clip fine.
Just bought a pair for a new mom-to-be friend, and have gifted them in the past.
And maybe some reading glasses and good lightI'm FTM and just used on my 5 days old baby-works perfectly.
Not bulky, sharp and great quality.
Highly recommendedThese are comfortable to hold and make it easy to cut my baby's nails without cutting them too short or struggling to hold onto the tiny clippersWe had the Summer Infant clippers first.
They came in a two-pack, with a smaller clipper and a larger clipper.
Neither one worked well.
The larger of the two didn't work at all.
For those of you who know how difficult it can be to clip a baby's nails, you also know how frustrating it can be to finally get the clipper positioned right and then have it not cut.
AAAAARRRRGGGHHHH!These work every timeI bought this pair of clippers because of the rave reviews on Amazon.com.
By the time they're in a firm, steady grip, my baby has wiggled away, and I have to start overHonestly, I don't just use these for babies.
In fact, it's the nail clipper of choice in the house for all 9 of my kids.
They won't touch the metal ones, but these work really easy even for them to clip their own nails.
All three of these nail trimmers are in the "Hospital's Choice" series.Overall, I prefer the 49523/49539 model (see Customer Images) because it is more comfortable to hold for the following reasons.
Third, the lever has the same soft orange or blue non-skid rubbery material at the end, thus providing a cushion for your thumb.In terms of cutting nails, the very good performance of this model and the 49523/49539 are the same.
(They both leave the nail edges a little sharp, so some filing is necessary.)
So I recommend purchasing the 49523/49539 insteadClipping baby nails is one of the most stressful things.
This nail clipper is small, but handles very well and the thicker handles make it an easier process.
Well-made... we have been using ours for over 2 years without problemsThis is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.
It's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.
What more do you need in a pair of baby nail clippers?The losers:- Safety 1st model 49539 (has the holder for emery boards) - the grip is comfortable but the clippers are blunt and therefore useless.
The emery board is useful.- Dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.
I tried to trim my 3 month old son's nails, granted he is the fidgeting type.
His finger bled, my son cried and I panicked.
But if I knew how dangerous these clippers were I would never have used them in the first place.Instead I use baby nail scissors by same company.
They are VERY safe.
I have used them for over a year and have never had any accidents.
I shudder to think of using nail clippers again, especially now that I have to chase my son around the room to cut his nailsI know that every doctor says an oral temperature doesn't count, you have to take a rectal one.
Yuck.
You pop it in their mouth, couple of seconds later, you have your temperature.
I have found it to be really accurate, unlike the ear one, which reads completely different on each ear.
Plus it is so small I bought a second one for our diaper bag.
after my 2 month old gagged on this twice he started refusing his other pacifiersWhen I bought this item, I thought this was a really clever way to take a baby's temperature.
I use this thermometer only on occasion.
It's getting harder for my baby to accept this "pacifier", now that she is on the larger, 6-month-plus sized pacifiers.
Also, check with your doctor about how to take accurate readings: our pediatrician said that a rectal thermometer was the most accurate for the early weeks of her lifei bought this pacifier when my son was 3 months old, wiggly and had his first temp.
it's a great concept.
it helped sooth my nerves.it wasn't, however, very accurate.
when he first put it in his mouth, i would get different readings back-to-back.
i found it worked better if the baby used it as a pacifier for awhile before i took his temp, i would get more consistant readings during naptime, and i double checked it with the under-arm when i needed an accurate temp.unfortunately my dog decided it made a good chew toy, so i'm on here today to buy another one.
**update**i ended up getting the temporal scanner instead, and have found it very accurate and time efficient.
I've tried to use this thing many different times and my girls always spit it right out, even if I tried to hold it there they would push it out with their tongue, they HATE it.
My girls are currently 14 months old and love their Binky pacifiers but I've tried to get them to use this to take their temps several times and they make a face & push it right out.My girls HATE & have always hated having their temperature taken under the arm pit but they do not mind it taken rectally, it IS very easy and the most accurate.
I use an Exergen Temperal for when they are sleeping because it is accurate enough to let me know if they have a temp and if it is a high temp.
If it shows they have a higher temp then I get them up and take their temp rectally to make sure I get the most accurate temperature.
I recommend the Vicks Rectal Thermometer for that.I think companies make products like the pacifier thermometer because as new parents it sounds like a good idea but in reality, they just don't work and I'm sure your Dr will tell you the same thingMy baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers.
No baby is going to keep a pacifier in his mouth long enough to actually get the temperature measured if it is not his (her) pacifier that he (she) loves and always uses.
Especially if the baby is not feeling well.
Don't buy this.
Get a real thermometerI never wanted a tub because I was not impressed with anything I found but my sister got me this as a shower gift.
I just don't think baby is comfortable in it.
Turns out it is the perfect cushion (it has suction cups) to attach inside our sink and put baby in for baths.
It has grooves so baby's head doesn't flop everywhere.
The cushion also allows me to flip baby over so I can wash his back.
He just lies on the soft terry cloth.
It's perfectMy Grandmother got this tub for my 3 month old son to use while visiting.
My son seems comfortable, but he prefers to have more water to splash in than this one holds.
This tub is great for grandma's house, or if space is tightI am sorry I bought this tub.
It is very uncomfortable for my daughter.
Used it since she was about 3 weeks old.
She's now 4.5 mos and I'm throwing it away b/c she is practically flipping out of it.
And the plug is waaaaay too hard to plug - it's an enormous effort to plug it each time.I've switched to the First Years infant to toddler tub and it is way bigger, nicer, more comfortable, and it has no areas to pinch fingers or toesThis tub has proven very handy.
My son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.
I admit, that was a little tricky.
However, in no time we had it down and I was able to bathe him easily anywhere.
I like the portability and the fact that it can fold up and fit under the bathroom counter, since his bathroom is also the guest bathroom.
It's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.
The tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs.
it's getting small.
I wish I had read reviews before I bought it, because now, after only 2 months, I'm just going to replace it and throw it away.
What a wasteI like this tub, it fits in my sink well, it folds up nicely.
My daughter is 4 months old and still fits in itWe first saw this fold-up infant tub in the NICU unit where our baby stayed for her first 4 weeks.
Its ability to be easily stored was a big plus in the hospital, as well as at home.
This positon is more upright and also makes it easier to wash her hair.
We use the kitchen sprayer on low and place a washcloth over our baby's torso which we frequently re-wet with warm water to keep her from getting cold.
Our baby is still a bit small for 4 months, but we anticipate that this tub will work for several more months.
Our baby loves bath time!- Our baby is now 8 months old and about 16 pounds.
This fold-up tub was a great purchase for usI chose this tub because it folds up.
More importantly, for some reason, there are hard plastic corners along either side of the pad where her head is.
I'm sure this helps prevent leaks, but it also prevents all water from adequately draining out.
I will stick with this until my daughter outgrows it.
A must haveI have been using this tub since my sons very first bath.
At first he hated to take a bath and now he loves it.
I love the fact that it folds up very easily and will fit into a closet when folded.
After the bath I wipe it dry with a towel fold it up and put it in the closet.
As long as you don't overfill it, it works just fine.
I feel I got my moneys worth out of it.
IT DOES TEND TO LEAK AT THE HINGES THOUGH CAUSING THE WATER TO GET COOL VERY QUICK.
WE USED TO KEEP THE WATER RUNNING INTO THE TUB THE ENTIRE TIME WE WERE BATHING OUR SON AND THIS WORKED OUT GREAT.
THE WATER WAS ALWAYS THE RIGHT TEMPERATURE AND OUR SON LOVED THE SPLASHING FROM THE FAUCET.
It's non-skid surface really helps hold baby in place, and it's size makes it very easy to bathe your baby.
It folds up nicely & we stored it under the bathroom sink.
As with most tubs, this holds maybe a quart of water, which means, only babies bum is wet, how fun is that.
And as soon as baby can sit, that is if she hasn't outgrown this small tub by then, she will not want to lay down at the angle this tub puts her at.
Also, you can't fill it to the level you would want because of the way its reclined.
The back is still very slippery despite the nonslip matt.
We only used for a few weeks before just bringing her in the tub with Mom and washing her that wayWe have limited storage so this works great & fits in the sink perfectly.
We have used it since she was able to take a bath, and she's 4 months old.
My daughter is very comfortable in it.
She hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room.
It is a great tub, and a great priceI used this tub with my son and boy do I miss it!
They both work and get the job done but for space reasons being able to fold it and put out of the way is much nicer IMOI got this as a shower gift.
The first time I used the tub my baby kept slipping around in the tub.
I am a RN and quite used to giving baths in different settings so it is not inexperience talking here.
I currently put her on the safer bather (read my review) or put her in the tub alone.
Baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.Lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this yearI used this tub with my 1st son almost 4 years ago and now I bought a new one for my 2nd son born this year.
I use it in the big tub and when I am done, I just rinse it and leave it to dry.
When dried, I fold it and put it in the cabinet.
The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because I had to buy a sponge to use on top of this in order to keep my son from slipping.
It's a great tub otherwiseI bought this tub without doing any research on it.
I bought it because I liked the idea of it growing with my baby.
The sling seemed to work all right when my son was smaller, but now he is 4 months and he loves to kick.
All in all, I will give this tub another chance once my son gets older and can sit up but if it still leaks, I am getting another oneI had ordered a different tub for my shower but never received it.
It wasn't made for a SINK.
Anyway,...I love this tub.
I wouldn't want any other one.
It was the most convenient when my son needed to be on the sling =perfect=, and now that he's sitting up,... it's even more convenient.
Once it is completely extended, there is a good seal and it does not leak.I have and will continue to recommend this tub to all my friends.It's accomodating for longer than any tub out there.well worth the moneyI looked everywhere for a tub without all the grooves for baby's body - I wanted something that would submerge nicely from the neck down and this looked like it would do the trick.
But like I said, we've only used it a handful of times.
It takes my husband AND I to bathe him b/c the tub offers no help.
It leaks everywhere.
We have been using it since our daughter's first bath.
It was tough to pop the tub into the expanded version, but that tight fit means it won't leak.
If you don't pop it together right it will leak.
We leave it set up in the tub when not in use so it's not really taking up any vital space.
Our daughter seems to like the sling.
Still no problems.
I was shocked and then thought if I have not even used it and it does this I do not want!
And I read all the instructions before attempting to play with it so I could do it correctly.
The design idea was good but it just isn't practical for a baby tub that will need to be used regularly.
It leaked all over the place.
Finally my husband put silicone all around it which helped.
Save your money & buy the cheap $10 one that's one pieceI registered for this tub because I thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.After the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, I found this tub is not very easy to use.
My husband and I coudln't solve the leaking issue.
It also difficult for me to expand or close the tub.The sling is not very good, either.I tried to use this tub for 3 times and returned it.
I think Sure Comfort Deluxe is a much better choice for new born.
It is very easy to put over my sink.
The green net comes with the tub is easy to useUnfortunately, I am not able to find this bathtub anywhere (( My son used to have it 6-7 years ago).
It is great!
This blue gear is awesome.
I do not understand why it is discontinued.
I do not care if it is leaking.
IF SOMEBODY HAS IT, PLEASE, I WILL BUY FROM YOUIt's been 5 months aleady and we've had no troubles at all.
It leaked the first time we used it because I didn't snap the locks into place all the way.
There is plenty of room for that.
I don't use the sling anymore, but it wasn't a problem when we didI've used this tub since my baby was born 6 months ago.
I felt it did not fasten securely to the tub and there wasn't enough cushioning for his head and bottom.
Everything on the tub works well.
My son does slide down the sling and I do have to put him back.
But I don't think it's possible for that not to happen because he's so actively moving the whole time.
But theres a reason they stick so much to keep my son safe.
It is at this point that by moving the tub, the suction cups stick to the counter and while moving the tub, it unhooks the clips and out come the waterworks....all over the hardwood floors.
And let me tell you, it isn't easy to remedy this while holding a wet, squirmy baby.
Look at it!
I had to put towels under it to absorb all the water.
My daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase.
It didnt seem to fit together right.
I took it back and bought a basic tub and a foam bear pad to lay her on.
I regret not getting the kind which sling stretches across and keeps baby buoyant.
Oh wellIt leaks every time I use it.
It's impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.
I have to put towels underneath the tub to collect all the water that leaks out of it.
I love the sling, but I am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.
I received this as a gift and didn't check the reviews before using, I should have.
preferred the euortub by farEnough saidMy son is now 11 months old and I have been using this tub since he was 5 weeks old.
In the beginning, we used the infant sling, but my baby would constantly slip down into the water.
We had to put a large bear-shaped foam bath sponge between him and the sling to minimize the slipping, but we still had to readjust him quite frequently.
When he learned to sit on his own, we tried using the bath seat feature.
We decided to try it without the ring and it was a little challenging holding him in place while washing him, but we managed.
Please consider buying something different for your baby.
The newborn sling is nice, and lets baby have contact with the water without feeling overwhelmed.
Baby loves to explore the tub, and the secure bath ring helps keep him safely and securely in one place.
He is now almost 20 mos and we still use it with the bath ring in place because he likes it better that way, too!
I especially like it because I don't have to worry about him slipping under the water accidentally if I look away for a second to get his towel ready or something.
The baby sling never stayed in place and i was constantly adjusting the sling and baby.
When i moved to the bath ring it's plastic edges are sharp and usually scratched him while he moved around.
It doesn't colapse or open easily leaving a large tub.
I like the whole set up especially teh suction cups so it doesnt slide around, the sling to keep the baby laying on an incline is great too the perfect height to keep the baby happy.
There is a slight issue with locking the tub in the expanded position, if you don't snap it in right, it will leak.
But once we figured that out we had no problems.
Our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great valueI was so excited when I recieved this tub thinking it would last for years.
Well, first you can NOT use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface.
This was fine though, I planned to use it on our kitchen counter.
This tub is more trouble than it's worthI received this tub as a gift at my baby shower.
Wrong!!
You cannot let go of the baby for one second beacause they will slide.
My son absolutely hated bath time until I bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.
I would buy one that is built with a slanted back and a short basin so baby doesn't have far to slide down.
i had two different tubs before, and i got this one when my daughter was 5 months old, she's now one year old and still uses it.
i've had absolutetly no leaks with this tub, and the suction cups still work great.
the bathring works great, and can be moved out of the way when baby is old enough to sit alone.
although i still use the bathring so my daughter cant stand up all the time.
IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK.MY BABY WAS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE IN THIS TUB, YOU ALSO ONLY HAVE ONE FREE HAND TO WASH THE BABY .
IT ALSO LEAKS FROM THE BOTTOMI bought this tub without reading any reviews (I research everything before I buy) and this has been the best tub by far!
I had a little sponge bath when he was first born...I knew it would not work for any extend about of time but it did the trick when we were waiting for his belly buttons stump to fall off.
We received the four stage bath system and it was horrible the baby just did not fit in it right.
So far, it has been great.
I am 5 months pregnant with my second and cannot wait to use the sling with the next baby.
By far this is one of the best baby items I own!
Five stars from meWell, I loved it when we first had our daughter.
She never cried during her baths.
I wish it was somewhat largerWe registered for this tub, before doing any research.
As a newborn, I used the sling to bathe my son.
My son kept sliding down, even with one hand on him at all times.
He didn't really seem to enjoy it either.
Finally, after reading great online reviews I bought the Eurobath.
LOVE IT!!!!!
From day one my son had a great time in his new (huge) tub.
He is comfortable and there is enough water around him to keep him warm and for him to splash.
We've had it over a month, I highly recommend the Eurobath over this bath tubThis is the most poorly made baby bath I have ever used.
When you do get that figured out then you get to deal with the stupid sling.
But my son would just slip down and would cry because it was uncomfortable for him.
i returned this item right away.
it leaks.
when i pressed it to lock the extension, i couldn't tell whether it locked or not, so then i put water to test the lock system.
it does a good jobThis tub is okay, but not the best there is.
Our son is 3 months old and fairly long, 25 inches.
He can't sit on is own yet, so has to lay on the sling.
He also slips down the sling frequently.
There's got to be something betterWe bought 2 of these, and used them to block off the computer desk from the rest of the family room, and to block off the 7' wide archway between the kitchen and the rest of the house.
We soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over.
At least once a week, my husband or I will catch a toe or scrape a shin stepping over.
So if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a Great Buy.
you (and your toes) will be much happierWhen our son started rolling into chairs, we knew we needed something to keep him safe.
This play yard fits great in our living room, yet there's plenty of room for him to roll around in all directions.
Also, I like that it's see-thru.
You can see your baby (and he can see you) from across the room.
It was affordable and it does the job.
And when our son starts crawling, we can completely close it and know that he won't be able to sneak off.
My son falls asleep with his head on the edge all the time (NOT very comfortable), and when I move him away from it, he wakes up.
It'd be nice to not have to move himWe bought this play area to keep our 15 month old daughter safe while we worked outside.
She loves it and plays well.
Best of all, is that it is very light and easy to carry, as well as having an excellent carry strapSuperyard XT is an excellent product for child containment, providing exactly the protection a parent desires for outdoor play.
It isn't a very large gate- even when fully extended, it covers an area only about the size of a medium to large playpen.
But it offers enough space to keep one or two kids (and their toys) safely occupied.Superyard XT holds up well and I have left it outside during harsh weather conditions with no problems.
It is very easy to clean and to transport.
The panels fold together and the carrying strap makes the job even easier still.
The panels do not fold completely flat- they do have some thickness, so don't expect this gate to fit into a tiny space.
It needs at least enough space to accommodate the thickness when all six panels are folded together.The panels on Superyard XT are not very tall and because of this, the gate is good only for toddlers and other kids up to about two years of age.
But the shorter height has one clear advantage: It makes it easy for parents because it can be stepped over.
There is no need to dissemble the panels or open the gate to get inside.Superyard XT is solid and sturdy but consumers must be careful to position it properly.
The gates cannot be placed in a straight line because the design of the gate diminishes its effectiveness when used in this manner.
With the limited space, some people may have difficulty fitting even two kids inside the closed walls of the gate.
Depending on the number of toys your kids have, one child might be all that will fit.
This is why I strongly recommend purchasing an extension kit.
This kit consists of two additional panels and while this doesn't sound like much, it increases the area substantially and it makes the gate capable of handling two kids with no problems.Overall, Superyard XT is a very good gate for child or pet containment.
It offers kids a place to play where they are well- protected, giving parents some much needed peace of mindThis product is a godsend!
The 'Superyard XT' is also great for puppies, and more humane than crating them for hours.
I know my grand daughter is safe while she is entertaining herself.
Also, due to it being plastic ((very well rounded I may add, no sharp edges!))
we will be able to start bringing it outdoors as well now that the weather is improving!I also am planning on purchasing another one to use to "gate off" 2 over-sized entrance ways to my family room.
They are NOT baby gates... this is just a creative suggestion I thought I would mention)).
Definitely, a very sturdy gate that won't just fall apart when pulled or tagged by my son, now 14 months.
A great investment for a lifelong useThis is one of only a few products my husband and I would buy again with no hesitation.
We bought it over a year ago (with the extension) and have used it every day since.
When my daughter outgrew the octoganal arrangement, we just opened it up and have used it to block her from the kitchen and other dangerous areas.
She is not a climber yet, so I do NOT recommend using it in this fashion if your child is.
It will tip over, the circular formation is the sturdiest.
We haven't had any problems with pieces breaking off or the plastic being brittle and we adjust it almost daily.
Highly recommendedWe now own two of these gates/yards.
Currently we are using one gate to block off the bottom of the stairs and one at the top (we're in a rental home and cannot bolt the sturdier ones to the wall).
We use them as a deterant and NOT as a "babysitter."
Our daughter is always supervised, but it's nice to have a "split second accident preventer."
In other words, it would take her some time to move the gate and go around it, by which time we would have caught her red-handed.
Our first gate made it through a cross-country move with "Break and Dent Van Lines" with no issues...if only all our items would have been so durable.
Anyway, well worth the cost for a variety of usesWe bought 3 sets... family is buying them also.
He can play with his toys,while I check my email, do the laundry and watch him at the same time.
It's great that you can adjust the individual pieces.I recommend buying the extra parts to have a larger space for baby to roam in.
It never hurts to have extra, in case one breaks.
We have great fun playing in it togetherWe got the superyard (or, as I call it, the &quot;Steel Cage Death Match&quot; yard) to contain our child in the living room and den while we are working.
This is our experience.
Also, it's pretty clunky and large, so once it's up, we keep it up.
AckI got this from a friend whose son had outgrown it.
It has been wonderful.
We use it both indoors and out.
It is especially handy in the backyard since we have a pool.
I just put a few toys inside it with my son and he's happy for a while.
It folds easily and stores great under the bedWe love this thing.
That's the key---no assembly required!
To remedy it as best as I could, I have placed stuffed animals or larger toys in front of the corners.
I still think that her rare head bonks are a good trade off for other huge catastrophies that would be occuring daily in or house.
She doesn't protest to being put in it because she has a sense of freedom and scoots all around and is still be able to see us.
And we can keep an eye her as well.
It is the perfect size as not to intrude on living room space but big enough to hold her ever-growing little body and a ton of her toys.
It's great in the sense that it contains him very well.
It contains his crate, wee-wee pad and food bowl with plenty of room for him to play around in.
I bought a second one to use as a gate to keep him from going up our stairs.
One drawback is the gate is a little difficult to open at times in case you want to just walk in.
but I was able to use it for other purposes which was great, such as enclosing the fireplace.
It doesn't need to be connected to itself to function well.
It's very versatile, and I recommend itMy son is getting around pretty good now and I wanted to be able to contain him a little.
I put this with the extension kit around his Laugh and Learning Home by Fisher Price and he is able to play while I get a few chores done.
It is open enough that he does not feel too confined and seems quite content to play in it for a while.
A good purchase that can be used in multiple waysIt holds position nicely.
It works for indoor and outdoor areas, and the optional extensions can be used to make rather large enclosures quite easily.We bought this as a replacement for the Pack-N-Play type portable play yard.
The SuperYard has been a very good, albeit not completely perfect, solution for providing some portable play space that requires somewhat lighter supervision than a freeplay in an open room.
Our son's now closing in on 14 months and this has been useful for that purpose.It's not 100% easy to set up and reconfigure, and there's a reason for that.
The extra difficulty with piecing the "end" sections together means it's nearly impossible for a tot to open or close this by their lonesomes.
It takes some strength and adult wile to open the sections and bend the connectors at various angles to thus reconfigure the overall shape.
There's a slight trick to negotiating the opening mechanism in a panel, but once you "get it", it's easy enough.
I suspect many of the comments about difficulty of set-up were written by those who had just set the thing up for the first time or who don't move it around a lot and who have forgotten "the trick".
We're on our fourth month of using ours, and it's very easy now to open and close the corral, as we call it (perhaps in part because we do it frequently).One of the big advantages of this type of arrangement is the shape of the enclosure can be changed.
If you put a 120 degree angle at each of "joints" and form at least a hexagon (with the basic model) or an octagon (with the model plus one extension), you get an incredibly stable structure.
Your little bruiser may be able to push it around a bit, but your average baby isn't going to get very far.
I would recommend it for creating a "safe" play zone in an otherwise unsafe area -- an unchild-proofed room or outside (where we use it from time to time).
The SuperYard has at least made a part of this room safe enough.As for being able to climb over it -- there may be some prodigious children who can scale this using the lattice work as foot-rests, but I strongly suspect they can scale other things as well.
(If you want to be extra sure, just put the kid in some shoes, which will make it impossible to use his toes to grab the lattice holes.
)I do recommend getting at least one extension, as the extra two panels nearly double the available surface area options, and if you don't need them you can literally just fold them over without having to detach them.The portability has been excellent -- once you get the knack of how much pressure you need to collapse the sections, it folds up like an accordion, and there's a carrying strap that doubles as a restraining strap to keep the folds together while under transport.
crib).
The fact that he can see out the SuperYard is a big help; with the old Graco PackNPlay, the opaque sides meant he couldn't see a parent even if quite close.
So while he objects to being set down alone, a little distraction with a forgotten toy and the reassurance of being able to see the parent through the "wall" usually suffices to make us both happyThis was great for helping me keep an eye on my little one while I worked.
I was working from home, and most days I was upstairs and on the computer.
Once she could crawl, she started crawling toward everything dangerous.
I bought this and it was great!
My oldest son even liked to get in with her to play so she was never &quot;lonely&quot;.I also used this outdoors a lot during summer months.
My family is big on campfires and cookouts and this was a great way to ensure her safety, yet not have her confined to a play penWe bought this play yard when our son was 2 months old and we LOVE it!
in a clean space away from our curious doggies.
It's a great, roomy size and not too hard to put together or take down.
It can be configured into different shapes and easily movedWe bought this instead of the Playzone because it was cheaper.
We bought the Superyard XT to use as a playpen area for our son.
The Superyard is fantastic when it comes to size and it very sturdy if you mount it to the wall or bolt it into the floors but we prefer not to put holes all over the walls or into our concrete slab.
So we did not get to enjoy the gates fullest potential.The Good:1.
Very tall2.
Has options available to make it sturdy and permanent in placement.3.
Able to see though the gates, great for both parent and child.4.
Easy to fold up (with some elbow grease)5.
White color, very nice can match just about anything.7.
If you want to use the Superyard as an extensive gate to block entranceways this gate is fantastic in every way.
It was great for both indoor and outdoor use.
We also used it to block the large open area between our kitchen and family room that no other gate would be large enough to cover.
We also plan on using it around our Christmas tree again this year.
Other reviews have complained that it is not sturdy or difficult to set up.
Well worth it for it's versatilityI began using this when my first daughter began to crawl.
I liked that it was bigger than any playpen or playyard and could accommodate my growing daughter as well as her toys.
It is easy to put together and I purchased an additional section to make it even larger.
We have twins and it seems to keep our kiddos as well as all their stuff in one place.
''hmALSOwhen your kids get to about 18 months or so, they can either move the sides, by walking while pushing on a side, which changes the angle you had it set to, or just lifting it and crawling undergood for babiestoddlers, not so mucheither fix it to the floor somehow, or accept that they will escapedogs might do that tooespecially just dig under or root it up with their nose and go underwleInitially, I thought this was a great toy.
My 5 month old didn't seem to love it, but would sort of press the buttons and screw around with it.
Today, she flailed herself towards the cube and banged her eye socket against one of the corners.
I think I am switching to all soft toys and cubes until she is 1My baby seems to really like this cube.
It's been many months since we bought this and baby is still interested in it.
Which is why it has been put away since Christmas.
If not I'll just sell this overpriced piece of plastic at my MOMs Resale next monthOur 11 month old really loves this toy, he loves swatting the sides to make the music turn off/on.
Its very sturdy and well made, but the one we received stopped working for no apparent reason after about 2 weeks.
I did find it interesting that they enjoy one of the songs more than others and will keep pressing the orchestra button until they find the song the like.
I think it's a good way to start to introduce them to musicWho is very chatty and outgoing.
Maybe when he's a bit olderI was so excited to get this for my 1yo, and it is a great toy... My 1yo & 3yo love it.
When it arrived (with included batteries in a "try me" box), the batteries were dead.
When it begins getting low on power, the music sounds warped, like an old warped record, which is dreadful!
I hope this isn't happening to othersMy daughter isn't quite a year old, and she can control this toy.
It's easy to press the buttons, and she loves the music.
My son doesn't really care for it.
It's heavy for a baby to hold and doesn't really do muchI didn't buy this for my son because some reviews said the sounds weren't true to the instrument.
I am SO GLAD someone bought this for my son.My son is 5 months old.
But, he does press the buttons himself.
It's a baby toy remember.
She didn't quite get it at first since she was so young, but through the months she's enjoyed pushing the buttons, watching the lights go on and off, hearing the music, and now at 15 months knowing that the different buttons do different things.
Hopefully she'll enjoy it for a few more monthsgreat item, my baby loves the music, i love it as well pressing all the buttons, i would def.
recommend this itemIt's a bit on the loud side, yes, but my baby loves this toy.
She smacks it, turns it around, bites the corners.
Very happy with itSeriously, we have a top 5 list of must bring/have with us when we go anywhere, and this is one.
My MIL freaked out when it ran out of batteries.
It's that good.
I'm not even sure why, but the baby becomes obsessed with the different instruments and the sounds.
We received it early on and I think he liked the sounds of it somewhat.
Even then he'll only shortly press some buttons and then usually starts picking it up and throwing it.
He is very fussy baby but when I played the music on this cube, he loved it.
The best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the Orchestra.
The Best thing about this Music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.I believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.Cons: The battery didn't last long.
The "music" is tinny and unattractive.
Apparently, the older model had better sound quality, which is why I went with this vendor.
However, communicating with Drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle.
I would actually recommend either getting a used model with all purple corners (the older model) or buying it at a brick and mortar location so you can actually listen to it.
I will not do business with this vendor againMy 6 month old LOVES this toy!I was thrilled when he went for it immediately in his playpen and was tap, tap, tapping the buttons - he knew the music should come from this tapping, but I had turned it off!
But the music is really pleasant, unlike so many toys.Of course the music is electronic, and I think that would be my only complaint.
I'm a very amateur violinist and would like the violin button to truly sound like strings but instead it's very electronic.However, the piano and French horn are quite good facsimiles.Research tells us that early introduction of classical music to children aids in their developing cognitive abilities.
This is a great way to make music fun for kids and I think all would enjoy this toyBought this as a gift because we love the one we own!
We received a used one as gift when my daughter was 9 months and it has held up great over the years.
Both of my kids love it tooMy 10 month old daughter loves this toy and we also like the music it plays.
Also, it is a great size to travel with for road trips.
Definitely a toy we recommend.
We have also given it as a gift and the one year old loves itI worked in the church nursery for over 4 years with this toy in one of the toyboxes available to the children.
They'd pull it out, bang it a couple of times (starting up 2 different sounds) and then get bored and crawl away.
It was the one toy I knew I'd never buy for my childrenWe got this as a baby shower gift and my son has loved it since he was about 3 months old.
He is now almost 18 months and he knows which songs he likes over other ones.
I love that he loves this toyThis toy is great.
My 7 month old figured it out pretty quickly and loves to bang, roll and chew on the thing.
Well worth the moneyWe like this toy.
The corners are very soft and it is very easy for a baby to turn on and off.
He loves moving it around the room.
A few of the sounds could be improved.
But I would buy this for a friendMy daughter played with this a lot for a few weeks.
Now at 15 months, she periodically touches it when passing bymy daughter likes it okay especially if I play it for her, but it is too loud.
I guess it is educationalMy 9 month old loves this musical cube.
It has a nice selection of music.
Overall, I'd recommend it for your little oneMy twin babies, now 9 months, liked this one right away.
I was surprised the music sound quality was better than any of all the other toys and mobiles and everything we have for them that plays music.
And the Mozart pieces using different instruments makes the cube not tiring at all as I would have expected.The cube is a bit heavy, but they roll it around without difficulty at all.
They can't throw it and it has rounded edges, so it's safe for them.
It lights up and eventually we'll all associate those different colors with the different musical scores.I think for the price it is worth it without a doubt.
Nice silicone-esque edging makes it easy to grip and keeps from slidingThis is just the biggest hit with the grandchildren and their parents probably thanks to Mozart.
The children love it and it is so simple and unobtrusive.
The music is pleasant.
It stack and storesI love this toy, and so does my 13 month old son.
At first, he would just roll it to the orchestra side and hit that until it started playing.
Lately, he has also started experimenting with the different instruments, both alone and together.
It's electronic, but much more pleasant than many of his other music toys.
Grandmas loves to play with it tooI don't know what the "old" magic cube is that some reviews have mentioned, and yes it's true that the instrument sounds are electronic-sounding reproductions not actual instrument sounds.
I hesitated to purchase this after watching a video review on here showing the violin sound.
I have played piano for 26 years and violin for 23 so I might be pickier than some as far as the sound.
I love that you can hear each instrument's part separately and choose which instruments you would like to play together.
My 1 year old likes to push the buttons to listen to the music while he plays with other toys, and often as soon as the song is over he will stop what he's doing to start another song then go back to playing.
Buttons are nice and soft enough that baby can activate them.
She carries this around everywhere.
Just watch the toes as it is a bit heavyI bought this for my 3-year old daughter as one of her Christmas present from Santa Claus, she is not that into it, I think this is best for kids age 6 months to 2 years.
She wasn't strong enough to push the button herself, so she didn't really like it.
Around 8 months or so, she started liking it.
The more she figures out how it works, the more the likes it.
Now she's strong enough to lift it, so she hands it to us to playHands-down one of the best purchases we made.
My son fell in love with this around age 6 months and still plays with it at 1 1/2.
The music is lovely and it teaches kids cause and effect, and then how to combine melodies.
A really fantastic giftI know it says that this is for older babies but my daughter loves looking at the blinking lights and listening to the music.
I highly recommend itThe buttons are easy for the baby to find and the music isn't super annoying for the parents.
It's one of the VERY few toys he will stop and play with.
He has always loved music from a young age.
He like to hit the various buttons and it is small enough for him to carry around.
It also can take lots of abuse.
My 4 year old daughter will play with it as well.
Really a classic must have for babies and toddlersMy 4-5 month old baby loves this toy.
It is very easy to press the buttons and activate the sounds, so even very young, uncoordinated babies can get this toy to make noise.
As she gets older, she can use the cube to learn about different kinds of sounds and about colors.
For now, though, she just likes to chew on the corners and is delighted whenever the music starts playing.I am giving this four stars instead of five because the cube is secured to its packaging with wire-like pieces of plastic that protrude from the toy.
There seems to be no way to remove them entirelyThe itself is well built and is exactly what you read about above.
Baby (7 months old ) loves it.
Good qualityThis is a great transitional toy.
We've had it since my son was tiny - as an infant, he liked to look at the lights and colors.
At 18 months, he dances to the music and loves pressing the buttons.
I don't think he fully gets the concept of adding and removing instruments to the orchestra yet, so once he figures that out, we'll have many more months of fun with the music cube.
The music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.One word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs.
:)We love the music cube - highly recommend itThis toy inspires me.
I messed with it constantly when my son was an infant and too young to understand how to add and subtract instruments from the full orchestra sound.
It lasts for years, offering various entertainments to various ages of kids.
Classical music is awesome for babies and little ones, so we love this.
The rubberized bumpers on the corners are fantastic for safety.
We're never giving away this adorable musical toyMy husband, son and I all LOVE this toy.
I love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him.
He loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).
:) SO key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.Great, fun toyThe fabulous Munhkin Mozart Magic Cube was given to our friend's daughter when she was an infant.
From a very early age, we watched in amazement as she responded to the sounds of the music, obviously recognizing changes.
We could see the pleasure on her face.
She loved to play with some more than others.
However, she was always constantly drawn back to this -- the sounds of the music from different instruments was a great source of fascination.As she gets older, the way that she handles Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube becomes more selective and sophisticated.
This is one of the best toys we have ever seen to develop delight in music!She is beginning to talk now, and I feel certain that her first words will be, "GET ME A HARPSICHORD NOW!!
"Love itMy one year old son has played with this toy since he was 6 months old and it still entertains him.
While the instruments do sound a bit synthetic, the toy still provides an introduction to different instruments and how multiple instruments can create a complex music pieceThis item has been a life saver for me!
I can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while I try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head.
My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.
The music is good and there are a lot of different choicesMy son loves to dance to music now.
He received this for his 1st birthday and it was an instant hit.
He quickly learn how to work it and he still loves to play with it at 20 months oldI bought this product as I was looking for some alternative toys for my 7.5 mo son, so he cld play/hear music when he wakes up in the morning in crib, instead of trying to stand up all the times.I love the product after reading reviews, love the rounded corner, love the design that baby has to play all by HIMSELF!
I turned the cube off and he's happy again, then I realized the cube could TOO loud/noisy for infant.Different from most of other musical toys that have volume options, this one does NOT and its volume was definitely on the higher side, which might not be too good for infant, especially when it was designed for &#34;all ages&#34; - 0 month +.Anyhow, I'm still using it to buy myself a little bit time in the morning, but I don't let him to play for more than 5 min, that would be my temporary solution for nowOur 8 month old loves to &#34;bang&#34; things so this is perfect.
My 8 month young daughter loves it too.
It never gets old and it's so much fun to hit all the different instruments, then listen to them all play in sync.
Great buyMy daughter got this when she was 3 months old and it was one of her favorite toys.
At 3.5 she still loves it and she sits and plays with it along with her 9 month old brother nowI must say I'm guilty of purchasing anything that has &#34;Mozart&#34; in the name, since I love classical music and Mozart is my favorite composer.
But this is the best toy ever.
When I bought it my baby was a newborn, so mostly I played with it.
But now my baby is seven months old and absolutely adores it.
Best toy everI bought it for my love, it's very nice as the description, my girl loves that a lot.
Here are a few possibilities:1) You just want some kind of musical toy with which the child can interact to change the song that's playing.
If this is your thought, you will probably be happy with either version of this toy.
(Then again, if that's ALL you want, you'd probably be just as happy with theBaby Einstein Take Along Tunestoy, which my son enjoys, and which is both cheaper and more portable.
)2) You want a musical toy that's a bit more interactive, where the child can change the sound of the song that's on.
In this case, you'd also probably be happy with either version of this toy.
My 19-month-old son loves to press the buttons to turn on and off different instruments, change the song playing, and just listen to the music and dance and clap to it.
He does seem to enjoy this more than the Baby Einstein player mentioned above, perhaps because he can change things up in a greater variety of ways.3) You hope that your child will start to recognize the sound of different instruments from this toy.
You will certainly be disappointed on this count if you get the Munchkin version.
The french horn, however, is barely recognizable as a brass instrument, and doesn't have any of the beauty and timbre of sound that a real French horn does.
On the newer Munchkin version, only the piano sounds like the same family of instrument - kind of like a harpsichord, as one musically-trained reviewer has noted.
Nonetheless, in this day of tiny, inexpensive high-quality music players, I don't get why they couldn't make this to sound more like real instruments, and to have better sound quality overall.
Not only are the Munchkin instrument sounds largely unrecognizable, but the music overall sounds tinny, with the result that it is really grating to listen to it for any length of time.
And if your kid likes this toy as much as ours does, you will be listening to it a LOT.
I think that for this reason alone, it is probably worthwhile to check the listings until you can find the older Embryonics version of the music cube.
Even if you aren't especially musically inclined.
Then again, if your kid already has lots of toys that sing and make noise (mine doesn't), you may have developed the ability to tune out any kind of tinny synthesizer-produced ruckus, in which case you might as well save yourself the trouble of hunting down an Embryonics cube and just get the Munchkin version.Also, it is worth noting that the newer Munchkin version is marginally better-looking, in case that matters to anyone reading this review.
On the Embryonics version, all the sides are a somewhat drab yellow, with only the edges and centers of the cube offering any variety in color, whereas the Munchkin version is more colorful - this is the version pictured in all the product photosThis is a great musical toy.
It's been dropped dozens of times and it keeps on playing like new :oI am so glad I read the reviews and purchased the original Embryonics one instead of the one made by Munchkin.
The sound difference is amazing.
I got mine on ebayWhat a GREAT musical toy!
I highly recommend it.
Our kid loves it, plays with it all of the timeMy 13 month old son loves playing with this.
Much better than most other musical toys.
Obviously the manufacturer didn't receive the memo that we are pushing for frustration free packaging.
No luck.
My 7 month old daughter loves it and so do many of my musician friends.
I wish there was a way to turn the volume down.
They have so much fun rolling it and hitting the big buttons to make beautiful music.
I love the bouncy ball style corners to keep baby from injuring himself.
I love the classical music that does not sound like your typical synthetic baby music.
However, I not only have a baby, but two toddlers.
(It does stand up to the beating, so that is a plus.)
I wish there was a volume controlMy little one loves this toy (and my nephew loved his many years ago too).
It's easy to turn instruments on and off herself, and she loves hearing the different instruments (and combination of instruments) play the same tuneI bought this but my little one is definitely not old enough yet to grasp the concept...but she is getting there and lives to play with it, and so do I!
Love it, bought one for my nephew and cousin tooI bought this for my 19 month old son based upon the reviews of others.
Well, the reviews were right -- this is a great toy.
The music is great, the sound quality is surprisingly good, and the ability to add/remove instruments from each piece being played is very clever.
In addition, it seems to be well made, with rubber bumpers on the corners.
Highly recommendedThe musical sounds don't sound like the real instruments, they just sound like a cheap toy.
Also, I thought each instrument would play its own melody, how it would in a real orchestra.
For example, the horn would play the background, the flute a lighter melody, then all the instruments would combine to create the true melody when the orchestra button is pressed.
I was really disappointed, and my daughter prefers the music buttons from her Tiny Love Activity Center.
The ones on that toy are really neatWhy can't manufacturers put a volume control on all toys or at least err on the side of being too quiet?
but it could be betterAll the grand kids loved it and do the parents.
It's a great gift for years.
Durable and practice, a mustMy 6 month-old enjoys staring at the toy and listening to the music if I turn it on for him, so I probably enjoy this toy more than my child at the moment, but I'm sure that will change.
The problem for a young baby is that this toy is very dense, and the buttons require a significant amount of force to push.
The corners are also rubbery, so you don't need to worry about sharp edges.
I'm still giving it 5 stars because I think it will be a toy he'll enjoy more and more as he grows and becomes more able to interact with it on its own, but for a younger baby, you might want to look atBaby Einstein Baby Neptune Ocean Orchestra Musical Toy, which has a similar conceitSo, first when I opened it I tried to remove the packaging strings and there was no way to remove them so I ended up cutting them (but a small piece was left inside the cube at 4 corners) ...
Both he and my 2 year old LOVE it.
It is wonderfully sturdy, and has many music functions.
My 2 yr old will announce each instrument as she adds them into the melody.
My husband is a music educator, and he gives this a big thumbs up!
Thank you Santa!
My baby received this as a Christmas gift, and she likes it quite a bit, hence the second star.
!My older children like to turn this on to play with their little sister, and it is ok for the first few minutes, but it is so darned LOUD, I'm practically loosing my mind.
The musical arrangement was a nice choice, too.
But please MUNCHKIN, for the sanity of future parents receiving this as a gift, put a volume control on it!!
!If you are looking for a great gift for a parent, seriously considerPlayskool Busy Poppin' Pals (Colors May Vary), it's lasted through 3 kids, six years, and still going strong.
It's nice and quiet, tooI have read through some of the ridiculous low-star reviews and can't believe how anal people are.
This is a baby's toy for $20.
The music is clear.
I think it's neat that you can add or subtract musical instruments during the song that's playing so your baby can hear what each individual instrument sounds like.My daughter loves the toy.
Buttons don't depress easily or distinctly.
unpadded edges.
The corners have sufficient covers but why not the edges between corners???
Definitely NOT for under 1 year olds.
Battery replacement requires screwdriver.Munchkin Mozart Magic Cubesound is good, the way the music evolves with diff instruments if you push them is nice, but is waaayy toooo heavy for baby to carry and to pushThis is the best purchase I have made thus far for my new grandchild.
She has loved it from the very beginning and her interaction with it as she grows is ever changing and stimulating.
It is an incredibly well designed item and very sturdy as well.This is an excellent choice for a baby giftSturdy toy, fun to push all the buttons.
No assembly required just open the box and turn it onThis music cube is a great idea, but unfortunately the sound quality is terrible.
The violin doesn't sound at all like a violin.
But this cube is a lot of fun!
It will be a long time before my baby will be able to turn the cube or pick it up, for now it just sits on the floor between her legs and she's able to hit the buttons that are facing up/outCute product.
Bought it based upon favorable reviews.
She'll sit with her books and press the on the box for the pleasant tunes.
My husband and I really enjoy the music.
It's ten times better than the average music played by other baby toysmy son has special needs.
he loves itI think a lot of kids these days have this toy.
It's quite popular.
You can still tell the instruments apart.
You can't expect your baby to become a little Mozart just by listening to this cube 5 minutes a day anyway.Everything seems to function well.
It's safe.
I know that there are no sharp edges and my baby won't hurt herself.I'm not sure this toy carries a lot of educational / developmental value but it's nicePlays nice music that isnt to loud.
My son likes to grab hold of it while rolling around and sometimes he drops it on himself and cryThis is such a great toy.
There is no way to put tape over any place to quiet it down due to it's construction so we use it during loud times as opposed to &#34;quiet&#34; timesMy 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter.
He couldn't help but play with this in the store and I thought that since my baby loves music so much she would probably enjoy this.
(I paid a bit more than it is here) but it was worth it!
My daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and I even found myself and my son playing with it together!
And the best part?
The instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to.
I would recommend this and will probably give as a baby gift in the futureI hesitated to buy this after reading some of the reviews comparing it to the old Embryonics version.
You see, I bought that version at a secondhand store back when my three-year-old was a baby.
Thus I bought it because I figured we could return it if it was really that bad.I honestly think that it is better than the old one!
It has nicer colors, an improved battery compartment cover, and better synchronization of the instruments.The Embryonics version was purple and yellow and, in my opinion, kind of ugly.
As you can see in the pictures, the Munchkin version is all different colors and visually appealing.The sound quality is just as good, and the batteries get used up a little more slowly in the Munchkin version.
We've used our Munchkin version plenty but haven't yet run into this problem.I'm not sure why some other reviewers are knocking the sound quality (whether or not it's compared to the Embryonics version).
It introduces them to some new music plus some musical instruments they might not encounter otherwise.
Kind of.
That would probably help retain some battery life, too.Overall, my baby loves this toy, and my 3-year-old, who loved it as a baby, still loves it.
They actually play with it together, which is rare.
You'll be glad you did, and if you disagree, pack it back up and return itseems simple, but both my 6 month old and 3 year old enjoy playing with this toy.
the sounds are also pleasant and not as annoying as most musical kids toysMy ten month old loves this toy.
She is just learning to turn it over and press the different buttons to get the different sounds.
I find the music to be a little but too high-pitched for me, but it is better than many other musical toys we have had.
Overall a great purchaseMy daughter loves it and I love it too.Its a fun fun fun musical toy!!
The edges are carefully covered with smooth soft plastic.
My son seems to love looking at it and pushing the buttons, I think once he is a bit older he might appreciate it more.
IT looks fantasticI got it for my 1 year old son.
He likes to push the buttons and listen to the music.
It's sturdy.
Some of the music just isn't the greatest sounding.
:-/Given that I know this, I also know that he loves playing with it, and that outweighs my feelings.
I'd get it again in a heartbeat if we ever lost thisThis is one of my son's favorite toys.
He's been watching/listening to it since he was born.
Now that he's 5 months old, he's still very interested in it.
Currently likes to kick the buttons with his feet and loves the music (as do I).
This is a toy that will provide entertainment for months to comeGot this early on but the baby appreciates it more now that she is six months.
Music is more pleasant to adult ears than most other musical toys.
At least I think soI purchased this toy for Christmas for my daughter who was 10 months old at the time and she loved it right away.
Now at almost 16 months old, she has figured out how to play with it more, understanding that she can change the melody to each song and is just starting to realize with true understanding that she can add/remove an instrument to change the song to her liking.
Some of her older cousins, who are 7-9yrs old also find enjoyment playing with this toy as well and this just proves the endless possibilities this toy provides as well as many years of extended play.
So far, this toy has been dropped quite a bit and it still looks/functions as new as the day I purchased it.I'm also aware that this toy is what many have called a cheaper reproduction of the original that was out many years ago, but the product I received is pretty good too.
The Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube is very engaging and while others have said the music sounds &#34;tinny&#34;, I didn't find that to be the case at all.
I'm no music expert, but to my ears, each of the instrumental sounds is clear and pretty to me!
I'm sure the original was really great but this one is pretty nice too.
I suspect that maybe I received a newer model and the quality has been improved and if that's the case, I HIGHLY recommend the purchase of this toy.
The instruments sound lovely, the songs are pleasant and will not annoy you as other toys do, and most of all, this toy is educational because it engages children to think and can be enjoyed for many, many years to comeMy 9 month old has loved this toy for several months.
He always grabs it first in a pile of toys and loves the music.
This is in the top 3 toys of all time in our house and that's saying somethingMy son has this cube; i bought this as a gift for my sister's son...it is great.
6 decent songs and you can listen to individual instruments (and they only play their parts) or you can listen to the whole orchestra.
Great for little ones that are learning "cause and effectGot this as a gift when baby was 5 months.
He liked mouthing the somewhat soft corners and I played it for him.
The quality of music is very good, not mechanically computerized like some toys.
It has five or so songs and you can turn off and on each instrument.
Baby likes it.
The songs are nice too, jazzy and complex enough to be interesting.
It has a very solid feel, which worried me at first because I was afraid baby would hurt himself face-planting into it, but no injuries.
It's kind of heavy so just now has baby really been able to haul it aroundI bought this for my 9 mo.
old daughter for christmas.I love this toy.
Each song is a classical music track.
When a song is in play you can push the other sides of the cube to add or subtract instruments.
I think this is a fantastic toy that will get toddlers thinking about music.The best part of this toy is quality of the toy.
The instruments definitely sound true to what they should be.
You can very clearly tell the difference between the sound of the french horn, flute, piano, harp, and violin.
Each of the instruments plays a different part of a song and each instrument is playing a part "true" to what the instrument does in a real orchestra.
What I mean by this is that in an orchestra, a tuba doesn't just sound different than a flute, they perform different musical functions.
I love that this cube respects this concept.
The result is that the music is worth listening to and I am always happy when my daughter plays with this toy over other toys with less-pleasing music.I highly recommend this toyI bought this when my baby was less than a year old.
He loved it.
It is easy for their uncoordinated hands to use and interesting enough that they continue to explore it.
It has bright lights and different musical instruments to select from or to blend togetherThe coolest thing about this cube is that you can push the different sides to have that specific instrument play in the song.
It's great for your kids learning to hear different songs.
It also lights up and plays very nice classic type melodies vs the standard children's songsbaby got this at 3 monhs and still loves it after a year, so many ways to play with it and the sound is really fine!
great buy, andone which travels with baby easilyMy six month old grandchild loves this even though she is still somewhat young to fully appreciate it.
Here is why:1.
This cube stimulates touch, sight, and sound in a creative way.
Each side of the cube has a different instrument and a different color: violin--yellow; harp--pink; french horn--orange; flute--purple; piano--green; orchestra--blue.2.
There are no sharp corners.
I have read the most negative review complaining about the sound and that this cube is not as good as the original Embryonics cube.
While I have not heard that cube, I have played Mozart pieces on the piano and also have CDs of various of his works, so I am familiar with his music.
For a toddler the quality of the music on this cube is just fine, so don't let that negative review discourage you from buying this product.Bottom line: This is a well made quality toy.Update May 20, 2012: My now 16 month old granddaughter still loves to play with thisI really like this magic cube.
The sounds it produces are really sharp and the music is great.
We enjoy itI bought this magic cube about 2-3 months ago and at that time my baby wasn't really able to play with it.
This is one of my baby's favorite toys nowI had high hopes for this item based on other reviews, but it was a huge letdown.
With a music background, I really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.
This is not the item to do that with.
I will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.Update: This is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.
I'm sure he doesn't grasp the concept of it yet, but the lights and music hold his interestI only wish it had the real drum-snare sounds also added to it.
This is a good buy.
RecommendedBorning toy and my son was over it the minute he opened it up.
Music is nice but the buttons are hard to press for a child so be ready to sit there doing it for them.
This product got great reviews so I bought it - I was not disappointed.I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old.
It keeps him entertained longer than other toys.I like that it's easily washable and has soft rubber-like corners (so, if baby falls on it, no sharp or hard corners to scratch himself on).I also think the music is nice - nothing too annoying like a lot of toys out there.
And, with the click of the "Orchestra" side, the song changes.So glad I bought this!Update 6/10: My son will be 12 months old this weekend and he STILL loves his Mozart CubeBased on the myriad of reviews here, I purchased this toy when my triplets were several months old.
To be honest, they did not care for or notice it until they were closer to 8 or 9 months.
It was also excellent when they were just learning to sit unassisted.
He loves music and he loves his magic cube.
It is easy for him to push and he figured out that each side makes a different sound really quick.
It is very sturdy and the music quality is good for a toy.
It is nice and well made but just not for my kiddo.Personally I like the different instruments that play the songs.
I do enjoy that the music is MozartI like this seat mostly because Elmo seems to have magical powers over little ones!
If your kid is like mine, however, and likes to sit on the potty "unproductively" you might want to consider something a little more comfortable.
You could end up with pinched fingers or a soaked totbought this as a replacement for my son's first potty seat, this one is much better.
not as padded, which means it won't rip open and harbor a bunch of bacteria.
my son's old one used to collect urine underneat of it in the plastic part, this one doesn't at all, it's perfectI really like this potty seat, but it doesn't quite fit well on our elongated toilet.
It works well enough, and the colors aren't as bright as they appear in photo nor is the design exactly the same.
It's o.k.
Colors are nice and seat is soft and easy to clean.
It is light and my 18-month-old can lift and place it (albeit not always with the right fit) on the toilet seat.
), the rigid plastic base still cuts a ridge into his legs (the seat squishes all the way down).
I think once he gets more efficient at using the seat this will improve.
The urine guard at the front is also a separate piece just tucked in between the seat and the base, so when my son climbs on, he sometimes knocks it out of place (doesn't guard well then).
My dad had to fashion a filler block out of styrofoam attached with packing tape to the back of the seat because our toilet is oval so this potty seat slides back when my son sits down.
The description said it works with round and oval seats.
With the seat braced to the front it's fine.
Great, colorful graphicsWe bought this potty seat to leave at her grandma's house, and she loves it.
She wouldnt go potty on the training potty for the longest time and as soon as we put this one on the big potty, she went #1 & #2 and is well on her way to being potty trained.
It doesn't slide from side to side.
Easy to use,it's light.
My daughter loves the SpongeBob theme.
I'm not so fond of the vinyl seat, as my daughter's hiney sticks to it and is a little uncomfortable when she gets up.
But, it's cheap enough and serves its purpose - allowing my daughter to sit on the big potty without falling inWe haven't officially started potty training yet, just slowly introducing it.
My son loved the seat... until I put him on it.
He hates it now.
I wanted something that would draw her attention to make her want to sit on it and this seat did it.
Great seatWe have 3 of these (1st was a gift; subsequent others purchased from Amazon after successful use).
The handles are great for keeping my daughter's hands busy instead of touching other things.
While it does slide around on some larger toilets, I'd say it fits well to about 75% of toilets we've used it onI bought this from the wish list of a homeless shelter where I live.
the package blatantly lies in saying that it fits elongated seats - it will fit, but it'll also slide around and leave large gaps.
my home has a mix of elongated/round seats, and i found that the baby bjorn rung is the best for the larger bowls.
It is a nice design and my son love that Thomas, Percy, & James are all on his potty seat.
My son was attached as soon as it saw it so I couldn't return it.
Check when you buy one of these.
If you have a boy you may not want to buy this unless it has the splash guardMy daughter liked the seat she had (Primo Ducka) but really wanted a seat with handles for pooping.
Every time my daughter tried to sit down, the seat would slide 4 inches backwards - landing her on the pee guard.
If I start with the little seat as far back as possible, it's too far for her to get on without help (she's nearly 3!)
and once on, her feet don't touch her fairly tall step stool.
From what I've seen pee guards are needed by some kids, not by others - regardless of sex.
My daughter needs one - a decent one.
I shudder to think of the muck that is accumulating in the foam under the vinyl.She wanted one with handles.
Fine.
I've added two simple drawer pull knobs to our Primo Ducka potty seat.
She's pleased.
I think that the splash guard makes it a bit of a tight squeeze for my son to sit on the potty--we need to put him on carefully so as not to pinch anything.
We have a baby bjorn brand one for our downstairs toilet and it does not have the same issueMy son is almost 2.5 years old, and has been potty training for about a month.
We have two potty seats---one for upstairs, one for downstairs.
This one is decent--we have no problems with it fitting on our elongated toilet.However, be prepared to clean up pee if you use this with a boy!
I have to clean both seats every time I take this one off for adult use.
She absolutely loves this potty seat!
He was not pleased.
Neither was I.I also have a two mini-potties, the Fisher Price froggy and singing ducky.
The pee guard on the froggy potty is great.
I love this low-tech seat as it's easy to clean and hands down my twin daughters' favorite.
It holds up well and she seems to enjoy seeing DoraI have a boy, so the little guard cup was useful until my son learned to pull it out.
I wish it was permanently attached to the seat.
Other than that it's fantastic, soft, stable, easy to sit on and cleanI just started potty training my two year old son and I found the Thomas potty seat to be a great incentive.
The seat is cushioned so it's nice and comfortable and it fits nicely on most seats.
It's also compact enough to fit in the diaper bag if you want to take it on the go.
For boys, it does come with a splash guard.
It stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace.
My only gripe with them are the crevices underneath where crude stuff collects.
Were it not for this problem, this is a terrific seat and my kids both loved themWe had a seat SORT OF like this when my son was training - and lost it.
Not sure if it was the same manufacturer or not.
It had no handles then, and the pee guard stood up high and was removable.
We never used the pee guard, it made it harder to get on the seat and it just wasn't needed - we just taught my son to point it down.Now I am training twin girls and thinking Elmo might get one of them on the potty more (one shows way more interest than the other - it's the reluctant one I want to bribe) We have little potties with inserts that come off but most parents know the power of Elmo - I'm willing to try anything at this point, within reason.
(One of my girls likes to look down and kind of shift her stuff forward as she pees - not normally a problem, but with this in the way, it would be) And it does not come off.
So I decided to skip this.
No handles made it easier to travel with.
Works very well and he really liked the Spiderman all over the potty.
He used it and all is working well - I also bought the step stool (Thomas the Train logo on step stoolWhat can I say about a potty seat.
It fits, his butt fits it, he likes the characters on it, it's easy to clean.
Buy itMy daughter is having some hard time with potty training, especially number 2.
She LOVES her Dora, super pink, flowery potty, so sitting on it is a delight.
And it is very difficult without a toilet seat, because she is not stable.The handles are great, toddlers use them all the time.
And the size is just right.
Very sturdy and easy to clean (you can separate the cushion from the plastic, to clean separately).
My toilet is not exactly the same shape (the potty seat is somewhat rounder), but it is sturdy enough so it is not a problem.We love it and I highly recommend it.
There are other designs for boys as well, but the pink Dora one is great for girls this ageWe got two of these for relatively cheap.
In concept, it's great.
We have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one Kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine).
My in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (Kohler and American Standard).
GrossMy nearly 2 year old son wants to use the potty, but has trouble with the splash guard/cup on this model.
He loves Elmo and wants to carry this seat around but will not use it.
We also bought the Primo Ducka.
This might be a good choice for parents of girlsPurchased this at Walmart for $12.
I was under the impression that it fit more securely such as clipped on at the handles.
Since she loves Dora so much, she really liked this potty seat, however, I can see that being a problem: I may find the potty seat in random places throughout the house since she'll want to play with it!
It says it has one and the picture shows it.
I opened the package, thinking it might be inside the wrapping,but no, it wasn't.
Now, I'm out $15 and still have to look for another one.Two days later: I am adding this note on and raising my rating from one star to four stars.
After I wrote the above review, amazon contacted me within 24 hours and offered me a refund, even if I wanted to keep the item.
I was so surprised by the generosity of that offer.
Amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better.
I really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it.
Thank you, amazonThis is colorful, soft, and makes lots of fun sounds babies love.
I would recommend it to anyone for their babyI know the dimensions are listed, but for some reason I was surprised at how big/long the caterpillar is.
He can easily pull it to his mouth to bite on it.
So I can see how for the next few months, he'll still be interested because it is big and he can do more and more with it.
Just, it is.
That's it.
No magic, just what you see people.
She loves that that head and tail rattle while she can squeeze the red and blue to get crinkle noises.
The squeakers are two different pitches which is also fun.
I just washed mine for the first time and aired it dry.
Still works great.
We are very happy with our purchaseMy child loves this toy so if it is good for them it is definitely worth 5 stars.
There isn't any crinkle but we can live withoutThis gate was a replacement for the crappy Swing 'N Lock.
This gate is so easy to install.
I will not fix it now since I'm sure I'll have more to fix later.
I like this gate because it has two point of contact in the locked and closed position.
This makes it so secure.
I did pinch myself a few times opening this the first few times.
You have to slide the rail in a bit to swing it and there's a metal piece on the top rail that supports the two gates, ouch.
Will remember not to do thatWe purchased this gate almost 2 years ago when my daughter started crawling.
She's now 2 1/2 years old.
I've been meaning to write a review on this gate since it is one of the best gates for the stairs.
We have mounted it at the top of the stair.
My husband used small pieces of 2x4's for extra security to mount it on the side of the stairs that has plaster (as opposed to a wooden post).
This gate is very strong and is holding up very well (minus the fingerprints :).
A few times, I have caught my daughter standing at it shaking it or trying to stand on it, which I make her stop.
I'd done quite a bit of research on baby gates before purchasing this one at Babies R Us, but in trying to save a few dollars, I first went to Wal-Mart and bought a metal top-of-the-stairs gate, but I decided to take it back since it had a raised "platform" (for lack of a better word) piece at the bottom.
I returned that gate before we even installed it.
This gate doesn't have that "platform" and it is still very sturdy.
And when you are ready to put it back, just line the gate up with the brackets and slide it in place.
Really nice feature for us when we were moving our daughter's furniture from one room to the other and downstairs, we didn't have the gate in our way since we removed the swing arm.
If 'Evenflo' addresses these, this gate will easily merit a top score.
Let me start with the positives.
The gate itself is made of sturdy and aesthetically appealing wood.
It works well and looks great, IF the install goes well, and as EXACTLY specified (included paper template is great).
The mechanical 'lock latch' inspires confidence in that you can actually feel and hear it 'click into place', which gives one peace of mind.
Of course, one hopes that 'Evenflo' has determined this type of latch to be one that is not 'easily defeated' by the age group that it was manufactured/intended for (6 months to 2 years)!
Thankfully, it does seem like it is up to the task.
I also like the fact that the bottom latch receptacle allows for the gate to slide into, thus adding reinforcement to BOTH the top and bottom portions of this gate.
The negatives about the gate are as follows.
In many typical installations, there will be baseboard molding/trim that may get in the way of installing the bottom-most latch receptacle.
It did in my case, even after carefully measuring the proper clearance from the floor, as specified in the assembly directions.
Besides, MOST typical homes DO have some kind of baseboard molding, and mine was only 1/1/2" high, hardly anything large.
Lastly, the assembly directions did not make clear which latch receptacle to use on the top, and which on the bottom.
They are NOT the same dimensions, as one is thicker than the other (top latch receptacle is thinner than the thicker bottom one).
In summation, this gate is STURDY and EXCELLENT, and a good value.
PLEASE, just make sure you do install it correctly (as per the instructions), and NEVER leave your baby alone unsupervised.
It was very easy to install.
My 7 year old niece couldn't figure out how to open this gate, much less the baby.
Peace of mind without breaking the bank is what this provides youWe have this gate at the entry to the hallway, which is at an angle.
It was easy to install, and it serves it's purpose perfectlyWe have two of these gates and we couldn't be more pleased with them.
We don't feel the slightest twinge of concern when our 1 year old leans against this gate at the top of the steps.
The gate is so simple to open and close.
A small child would not be able to do it on his or her own though.
We've tried lots of gates and this one is our favoriteI have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable.
Therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place.
Total PAIN.
The thing is, there is no way to stop it so baby sticks his arm through slates as you open and then you have a broken or badly bruised arm.
IF we had known about the second risk, we would have just taken it down then.
THe next morning, it was kid tested.
Yeah, all the kid has to do is push the bottom and it comes out of the bracket causing the gate bend foreward.
So far, I have seen my kids push it more than a foot out of position.
MAJOR STRANGLATION HAZARD.
I have had to pratically hang on it to get it open.
Also, the gate now leans.
When opened, it leans to where a ball would roll for the from to the end of the gate.
Not sure how that came about.
My son has been able to push it out since he started crawling.
Not a good gate at all.
If they can't make a good simple baby gate, I wouldn't trust my child's life to their carseats.
My 15 month old daughter rarely climbs the stairs now, but we often have other children over that do.
I wanted a gate at the bottom of the stairs, but not an eyesore that was in the way all the time when not in use.We tried the soft and wide gate and another pressure-mounted gate, but those are a pain... it takes a lot of time to get them in place securely (kids are rough and can knock or pull them down easily) and then if you want to go up the stairs once you have it in place, you have to climb over it all the time!
Not practical...What I love about this gate is that it slides right off of the hinges and stores away in the closet when not in use!
Then, when I need the gate, it takes less than a minute to get it out and slide it back into place.This gate is a life-saver for play group days!
I highly recommend this gateWe recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates.
Once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.Both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom.
I have been satisfied with the results, but it isn't the greatest quality.
Installation was quite simple, and once the gate locks in it is quite secure.
However, the unlatching mechanism for the gate can be tricky at times.
My whole family has had problems opening the gate at one point or the other.
Sometimes when it unlatches, it can pinch your fingers, and you have to get both the top and bottom of the gate in the correct angle, or else it won't open.
You have to make sure the two openings are aligned, or else the gate won't lock properly.
I find myself double checking constantly to make sure the top and bottom have both "clicked" into their respective spot because it doesn't always on first try.
We purchased the First Years Hands Free gate for a different room (not a stairway) and it works GREAT.
So simple, easy to install, and very secure.
It is worth the money to invest in a better quality gate if you can afford itWe love this gate!
We purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.
Let me tell you a few reasons why this will be the only baby gate we will buy.1.
You can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.
Even 5 year olds still cannot open it.
All other baby gates become useless as soon as the kids figure out how it works.3.
You can buy extra sets of hardware to move the gate around depending on the circumstances.4.
It's so cheap!These are just the top few reasons why we love this gate.
Give it a tryWe currently live in housing on base in Germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual.
I got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase.
It works great!
No complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe!
The one hand open is really simple and I like it more than any gate I have seen at friends housesUpdate: 6-months later - the sliding mechanism has loosened up considerably with use.
I've found the gate to be strong and secure - it has never weakened or popped out when my son tries to stand on it.
So, if you buy it, try rubbing some wax, or something, on it to help in the beginning, because it was pretty dangerous at first.
And also be aware that little hands can still get pinched in between the actual rungs when you're opening it.
That will happen with any slotted, sliding gate.
I'm always afraid she's going to wake the kids.
What happens is when you unlatch it, you first have to slide the gate in, then swing it out.
There are metal brackets that hold the two halves of the gate together, and in which the horizontal wooden bars slide along to extend and contract (look at the photo - you'll see what I mean).
I'm sure with use it will loosen, or perhaps I can put some wax on there.
But when you're opening the gate in a rush, as I did today when we were hit with a sudden downpour and I needed to run upstairs to shut the windows, I put too much muscle into getting the darn thing to slide, and the outside of my hand got pinched beneath the metal bracket.
The first time I did this last week my older son woke up yelling for me and I wanted to get upstairs quickly before he woke the baby.
But busy parents like us don't have the time to stop and think about being careful when opening a gate.
We have a lot of stairs.
5 openings to stairs!
These gates have been great for my sanity.
At first we bought a big playard gate that we opened up to cover two sets of stairs.
Now we have these walk-through stair gates which are easy to use when holding the baby.
Before we also had a gate that just expanded to fit the door way and was attached to walls.
These gates I know they are locked and they are much sturdier.
I like that they slide back and forth; it's easier to get through entries.We used wood that matched our stair case so that we didn't have to drill into the post of our railing.
I highly recommend this gateI got this set for my 4 year old and he loves it.
The dinosaurs are colorful and there are a lot of them to arrange on the little background.
I am happy with the number and look of the dionos, trees and volcanoes.
We play with them outside and they work fine for thatI bought this set for my almost 3-year old son.
He likes them okay, I'm thinking we'll get more play out of them later.
I like having a storage container for the set so I don't step on dinosaursI bought these for my 2 yr old for Easter, and he loves this set!
It's a great deal and comes with a ton of dinosaurs (and love that the name of the dinosaur is printed on the belly!).
The &#34;mat&#34; that it comes with is a cheesy piece of plastic and not to scale, and we rarely use it, but a great value just for all the dinos and the storage binRound about December 22nd, my three year old daughter started telling everyone she was asking Santa for a dinosaur for Christmas.
However, I didn't want her to lose faith in Santa and ended up searching Amazon to see what I could come up with.
My daughter loved it!
For weeks she would get it out on a daily basis to arrange the dinosaurs on their &#34;terrain.&#34; From a girl's perspective, it's really cute in that there are small versions of the big dinosaurs included, so kids can group &#34;mommy&#34; dinosaurs with &#34;baby&#34; dinosaurs.
She doesn't get it out quite as often now that it's been a few months, but when she does she's every bit as delighted.
The bottom of each of the dinosaurs states what dinosaur it is a model of.
I use a set of flash cards with information about the dinosaurs in combination with these dinosaurs to teach my son while we play.
These are nothing more than dinosaur figures but they are very accurate with no odd color combinations like purple with pink spots or something silly like that.
Overall, I would recommend these my son finds them fun to play with and they stimulate his imagination.
I only give them 4 stars because they are slightly expensivePurchased for our 2 year old grandson and he loves the dinosaurs.
We received as a gift, so our annoyance is probably moderated.
Only received 10 out of 12, but not really missing them.Half the dinosaurs are very small (1-2 inches) and the other half are more medium range (3-6 inches).
Some people commented of the usefulness of the names printed on the undersides, but we have encountered 2 other brands that provide the same labeling, so that appears to be a given with a variety pack.The use of the big names "Animal Planet" and "Toy R Us" should be a tip-off.
Over-priced small dinosaurs, 6 trees, and a small plastic binComes with 20 dinosaurs, 12 small rocks, a large volcano, a medium sized volcano, 6 trees, and a play mat.
This set is great.
It is still great.
My three and a half year old loves playing with this set.
Once you put all the dinosaurs on it, though, it stays down just fine.
All the rest of the stuff is high quality and the tub is great for keeping everything together.
Just for size reference, the brachiosaurus is 6 1/2 inches tall, and this is the biggest dinosaur in the set.
I'm really happy with the size of all the dinosaurs.
He can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day.
He had a few more, big and small ones that he just added to this set, so it is pretty amazing what he does when he's playing with all of them.
She started going in it about 3-4 months.
She is all over the house, and pushing the buttons.
This is a lifesaver for me, I put her in it when I hop in the shower in the mornings and she stays in the bathroom rolling around in it, or just sitting there playing with all the buttons..
I love this walkerNo complaints about this one.
Baby loves it.
We love itMy son has used this walker sense he was 4 months old.
We love it.
Yes it is a little loud, but we taped some of thoughse cotton wipes from the hospital over the speaker and now it is perfectMy daughter likes the sounds and interaction with the toy, but gets frustrated that she is "trapped" and can't roll easily on carpetas soon as my son was able to sit up this was his favorite thing to be in.
i could give him snacks by removing the activity piece and he could run around the entire house snacking.there are rubber stoppers on the bottom of this so that if you have stairs they cant go down them even if they tried.
this was great for when he was outside with it.
my son learned to walk @ 1 so this did not delay him developely.
also when he used this in the house he couldnt get into a lot of trouble with it(like touching outlets, opening cupboards) because he couldn't reach.
GREAT GREAT BUY!
i dont know what i wouldve done without itThis walker is great for tall babies like my son and the toys are enough to keep him busy.
The only issue I have with it is that the legs don't have a very strong system for holding the walker up on it's different levels.
We have had this walker for 2-3 months.
She still loves it.
She has snack time in front of the TV in it and I am able to speed clean.
She is pretty active - not walking yet - but she loves to climb.
I don't think she could ever climb out of it, but I'm not going to chance it.We haven't had any problems with it... safety or otherwise...
I started to buy the mini mastreo walker but was turned off by some of the reviews.
This one is very easy to turn.
The only know walk forward and crawl away when they can't move forward anymore.
With that said, understand that you'll have to walk with them to help them steer.Overall I remain convinced that a walker is good for kids to have so they have something other than their parent to hold onto to learn to walk but be prepared to help them walk in it because of the above mentioned bulkiness of the walker and the fact that I've never come across any walker from any company that's been easy enough for a little one to steer and push at the same time.5 stars for the idea and the toys but I had to take 1 star away for the difficulty to steer and another star for the limited time that my daughters used itI did my research on a walker and decided on this one thankfully.
The wheels move great.
If you get one and the wheels are tight, call Graco and have them replace it.
It takes 3 "AA" batteries.
old son loves it.
I love it.
Then just take it out of the truck, put the boy in, and roll him right into the gym.
Very handyI recieved a similar model to this walker, one without the electronic tray, for my daughter.
Unlike the front wheels, the rear wheels are fixed and therefore can only roll straight forward or backward, not side to side.
I would not recommend it though.
I am now a grandmother who babysits for my daughter.
I ordered this to use at my own home, and have had such a good experience with it that I ordered a second one for her to use at her house.
The color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation.
The playpen is also a good size.
Take it from this grandmother that this is definitely the best.
5 starsCompletely amazing play pen.
Eazy to pack up and great for playing!
We love the toys on the sides and the cool colors.
Colorful and the little bugs on the mesh wall are a great interactive addition; that's a plus plus for me and the over riding reason why we got this specific playpenHow FUN and AWESOME!!!
Got this for my grandson and still can't get over how bright and playful this is.
Even I want to get in it and play!
The built in activities on the side are the best.
The squeaker is a bit hard to press and sure you will have to do for baby...but the other toys are super!
It was so so so simple to put up!!!
Love the bigger size, while not being overwhelming...those smaller play yards just are too small to be used when you need them mostI am so happy with this play yard.
However when the box arrived it indicated that it is only 36X36, still plenty of space though.
Thank you Amazon and GracoI bought it for my 4 month old son and he loves it.
I had doubts regarding the big size but it has turned out the best of this because I feel I have him free but secure at the same time.
Colors and decoration are fun and keeps my baby busy and happyI bought one for my God child who is 6mths old and she loves it.
I couldn't be happierI bought this playpen to use at my house when I babysit the grandkids.
It will keep him entertained for about 30 mins, which is enough to get dinner started or take care of his older brother.
It's really colorful and large and I like the toys on the netting.
He sleeps well in it too.
Just a great playpenI came across this pack n play in Amazon after searching everywhere for a Pack N Play that would last my baby for at least the first year.Everything I saw at Babies R Us was too small, so I decided to take a chance on this one.
I was extremely pleased when I received it.It came already assembled, looks beautiful and is big and very durable.
Can't beat that.I hightly recommend itI did some research before buying this playard and I am very happy i did.
It is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with.
My baby is very particular, but she loves this playard.
for instance, the butterfly has wings that have foil inside to make squishing sound when you touch the,m.
The other bug, when squeezed, makes a sound, the third one, has rattles in its wings, and finally, the sun is a mirror (not a great one though).
Given its price and the fact that it is being discontinued, I highly recommend getting one before they are off the marketI finally had to break down and replace my 9yr old playpen (that has been used by 4 children).
I was happy to find that Graco made a square playpen, not only the smaller rectangular Pack N Play.
It arrived today and my daughter loves the bugs and the soft playmat.
I'm happy that it folds up for travel and storage.
Amazon had the best price as wellI give this a 5 start plus.My 6 month old Grandbaby was put in this playpen yesterday for his first time.
It was obvious he really liked it by the big smiles and how his mind was preoccupied with the play items on the sides and bottom.
The graphics and sides toys kept him more focused on fun & he was able to get some temporary relief.
I know as he feels better he is going to enjoy his new & safe play space even more.Thank you Amazon for this colorful playpen choice at the lowest price and your excellent service.
I bought this one and I am very happy.
Baby is safe, has a lot of room to rollover and she loves to look at th bugs.
I just wish it had wheels to move around the houseI have a standard Graco pack and play that does not have much room.
I bought this pack in play several months ago because of the bright colors.
She loves to play with the butterfly wings and hit the squeaky toy.
I like that there is more space for kids and their toys.
I have had this for about 9 months now and it still looks like new.
I think for the size it is highly recommended.
I trust the Graco name tooI have this playpen for about a month now but is still never used by my 6 month old baby.
I like it because it is huge and cute.
I am waiting for my baby to grow up a little more, may be he'll like it when he is already able to stand.
I hope he wouldI love this nice, big playpen.
Lots of room to practice/learn crawling.
Lots of things to look at: primary colors and geometric shapes and things on the side to play with.
It's very sturdy and easy to put together AND the latches latch very easily.
It has to be squeezed from both sides--so maybe if the ladybug was up against a wall the child could press the ladybug into the wall and squeak it, but that's easily solved by putting the ladybug facing out.-Mirror is up too high to be seen by a baby until the child can sit up on their own.-Once it's assembled it's not simple to move.
)-It's surprising how MUCH it stands out in a regular room--so big and so brightly colorful, it is not going to blend in to most adult decor AT ALL.
I'm still very happy--it's easy to assemble and is one of the bigger portable playpens available.
;-)UPDATE: We've been using it for 6 months now and LOVE IT!
We have an always moving one year old baby.
The built in toys on the walls are still in great shape (I'm still the only one who can make the ladybug squeak).
I bought my son the pack n' play in rise n' shine with a bassinet.
This is the best pack n' play.
He loves the stuff on the sides and stares at the bright colors.
I definitely recommend thisI'm a grandma and this is the shape of playpen that was in use when my children were babies except that they were a bit larger (about 42" square play area vs the current 36" square play area).
It is not only a perfectly safe and controlled area in which babies can learn to play and quietly make sense of their world, but it provides great peace of mind for parents and grandparents to be able to put the baby down in a safe place while talking on the phone or doing something that does not allow for hands-on and undivided supervision.
I would like the padding to be a little bit thicker, I would like the play area to be a little bit larger (so two babies could play there comfortably, like in the "old" days), and I would like a removable and washable cover to the pad instead of having to make my own.But, this review is based on it being the best that is available now and it living up fully to the product descriptionI ordered this for our 4 month old son and when it arrived I opened it up myself and didnt read the directions at first I got frustrated since I couldnt get it together then read them and voila it took me and a freind about 3 minutes to set it up!
We loved it so much we ordered one for my mother in law so she can have in her house when he comes to visit.
He also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works outI recently bought this for my 8 month old daughter after researching a lot of playpens online and talking to several of my mommy friends.
This exceeded my expectations for a travel crib.This is the perfect balance between being spacious enough for an active tot without taking up your entire living room.
I like that it is self contained (i.e.
has a base that sits above the floor) and that it has some built-in toys.
It also is very easy to fold and unfold.
This is the one I chose, easy up and easy down and easy to put away, plus being fun for them is an added bonus.
It is awesome!
It's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space.
Baby loves the bug toys on the sides.
She's just learning to sit on her own and I was very pleased to see when she fell back she did not cry - the floor pad is thick and soft so it cushioned her head.
It's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it.
With the holidays coming and some overnight stays expected, I wanted one that was easy to put together and fold up and go QUICKLY.
I was basically sold when I read one review that stated a 14 year old put this together in less than a minute.
NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
The review I read was dead on.
My 9 month old baby loves it.
it is VERY ROOMY inside.
She has not slept in it yet since I only got it today.
She loves the bugs on the 4 sides too.
The bright colors are great.
The toys on the sides are a lot of fun for baby.
The colors are bright and cheerful.
My 6 month old loves it.
A little heavy to carry (I'm 5'2") but still highly, highly recommendedStill using this... its big and he doesn't mind going in it for me to shower.
We also have used it to help him calm down, if he throws a fit we just sit him in with a toy and tell him when he is ready we will get out.
Works well, just walk away and he calms down without an audience.
Then we get back out, also when I tell him I want him to go in so I can take a shower he goes to it and waits to be put in.
He likes the toys in it too, wheres the baby (the mirror) was a favoriteThis blanket is wonderful.
The blanket is one of the thickest ones you can get, very durable, super soft, and extraordinarily warm.
I highly recommend it over the other Penn State blankets.
Basically look for the ones in the "stripes series" by RaschelWe have used it only once to travel, it was easy to asemble, the parts seem to be of really good quality, the colors and decoration are nice.
Fits well in any SUV trunk leaving plenty of space for luggage.
I'll recommend this productWe love this playpen.
The colors are great and the attached toys are engaging.
It folds up and unfolds easily and the case that comes with it is really going to come in handy when we go on vacationWhen I was first looking for Playards I was becoming pretty dissapointed because all of them made it clear you could only use it with 1 baby.
I was asking my Sister in law about it and she said both her kids still play in theirs and they were 2 & 5 years at the time.
I think they just put the guidelines to be OVER safe.Anyhow, this was the biggest one and had so many good reviews I decided to get it.
I actually bought mine used and it was like new.
I also always put extra toys in there for them which they love.
I used to keep this set up in our living room but now we keep it in our van to use when we visit people.
It is so easy to set up and tear down and my girls love playing in it.
Both my girls are 11 months old right now and can pull themselves up just enough to chew on the top rails.So if you're looking for something to use with twins, definately buy this.
It is perfectly safe to use.
I would not recomment the "twin" playard.
It has the double on top but your babies will outgrow it pretty fast and then you're stuck with a pretty small playard for twinsIf I ever have to contain a potential bio-hazard, this is what I use.
Quick to set up and easy to put away or take with you, this little baby has enough room to give your baby some play space in the middle of the most hazardous locationsI think this playpen is great; it's spacious, sturdy, and colorful.
I first introduced her to the playpen when she was about 7 months old.
Unfortunately, the pad is somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets (must be purchased from company other than Graco) cause the pad to be a little lumpy.
My daughter would also wake up and want to play with the toys in the middle of the night and then had a hard time going back to sleep.Although I love the size of it, it is quite awkward to move around when open since it is heavy and large.Still worthy of 4 stars since it does what is says it will do.
There was no weight limit and the only height limit on the website was when the child was big enough to climb out - from both Amazon and from Graco, so it was perfect for our larger baby.Lots of disappointment when the package was opened and we discovered that is has the same limits (in the owner's manual) as the regular pack-n-play.
Between when I ordered in and when it was delivered, the words PACK 'N PLAY were actually added to the title of it.Luckily, Amazon seems to be pretty good about taking it back, but we are quite disappointedWe had to return this item because it was so big when opened.
There simply isn't enough space in an NYC apartment to fit such a large pack and play.Otherwise, it is a nice play yard with appealing colors that our daughter seemed to likeIt gives my 2 girls (1 & 2 years old) enough room to play when I need to keep them somewhere safe while I shower or cook.
Our child loves playing in this pack 'n play.
Even if we don't put toys inside the walls are moderately entertaining for our child.
The sides are collapsible with the push of a button on each side.
It packs up into a long rectangle, probably 1x1x8 feet.Pros:- Pack up or unpack in under a minute, no &#34;assembly&#34; required just set it and lock it into place like a collapsible baby stroller.- Sturdy build, child won't be able to tip it over and it would never fold on itself.- Soft but strong mesh walls that child can see through but can't stick fingers or small objects through mesh.Cons:- This is a minor complaint: the squeaker on one of the walls is impossible for a child to squeak - you have to press it from both sides of the wall because it's sewn so tightly- As a side-effect of the sturdiness it's very heavy.
On the plus side of that, it is made of sturdy materialsMy husband and I like to just try to figure things out and read instructions only after we are dumbfounded.
It was kind of funny for about 90 seconds, then we had to read the instructions, which, it turns out, work.
The only tricky part is the release button being hidden inside the four top bars under the fabric.
It's nice that it has a carrying case with strap.
They got their tummy time and social time in it, although the pad is a bit slick for them to try to push with their feet to turn over, so a towel helps.
I don't understand why they don't sell these in stores all the time.
I live in Hawaii and have been trying to buy one of these for three years.
And, I ordered it on Sunday and received it on Wednesday.
How, wonderful.
He is only 6 months old and loved it.
Thank You Amazon for having this wonderful product.
It is very colorful and the toys are very cute.
I have a 3 month old that is a little to small to play with them, but she like to lay in there and look around at the toys and the colors.
The bottom pad is cushioned but not very much.
I think it is soft enough for naps and play time though.
I have it set up in the corner of the living room where I will keep it.
There is noting about this that I do not like.
My only change would be to have a cover that was washable for the bottom, but luckily I do not have a baby that spits upI like this pack n play.
The only problem I have is that the middle kind of sinks in so unless your baby is a highly experienced sitter, it is tough for them to balance b/c it's slanted in towards the center.
But the colors are pleasing and I didn't know this but the animals/sun embroidered on all 4 sides have little attachements that the baby can play with when their in the pack n play.
My daugter loves the little wings on the bee b/c they have little rattles in them and they make noise when she hits themMy grandson thoroughly enjoys it, even though he is still very young.
He is fascinated with the decor, even the butterflies on the bottom.
My son and daughter-in-law are very pleased with its functionality and ease of set up.
A great place for my grandson to learn to exercise his limbs safelyMy baby loves to stay inside to play with bee and lady bug when she was small like 6 months old.Now she is 17 months old, sometimes I need to get things done so I put her in and give her some toys she still can play by herself, of course she sometimes complaints by yelling since she wants my attention, but I love this piece it helps me to get things done while she is in my sight, since I can fit this pc in my kitchenI love, love, love this play pen, its money will spent, it roomy and colourful, would defin.
recommend.
it makes noises as wellSo babies love colorful things, no big surprise that she will love this play yard.
But I've noticed that she does get a bit overstimulated with all the pictures on the bottom and her toys actually get lost on the mat because they blend in with it.Pros: it's easy to put together and take apart, it's relatively light, it's colorful, has built in toys, and is stable.Cons: the base of the play yard slopes inward, makes it hard for my baby to crawl and flip over and all her toys roll right into the center.
The other negatives are that it's too colorful on the bottom and has too many pictures so the toys blend in.
Also, it's not PVC, phthalate free.
Since the cover of it is porous and is not waterproof, I feel like the chemical can easily get in my daughter's lungs, especially since she loves to suck on fabric.
So I sent the yard back.
It still looks as new as the first time we used it.
I like the netting one the sides and the padding on the floor and rail.
And, it is bigger than the beds that turn into play pens in the Graco linewhy do I love this play pan?
Very simple:1.
Great quality material; sturdy and safe2.
Large with lots of space (my grandson crawls around).
Can fit two kids!3.
Very easy to assemble!3.
Very colorful!
Bright beautiful colors.
The colorful patches around it are toys!The toys are:a) A beautiful butterfly with wings that when squeezed it make a dried plastic sound (he loves it)b) A lady bug that makes sounds alsoc) A sun with a mirror (safe for babies)d) A bee with playful wings, which also makes soundsI strongly recommend this play pan!
It is nice but not eye catching like this one.It is worth every single pennyAs soon as I opened the box, I could tell by the VOC's that this playard was treated with chemicals.
In addition, some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl...like the entire face of the sun is PVC.
The representative told me it was not treated with fire retardants.
Definitely worth it to pay the extra $, knowing my children won't be exposed to harmful chemicalsI bought this last summer for my two year old when traveling.
He had outgrown his regular pack and play.
I was looking for something larger but still had the sides.
I found this on Amazon and decided to give it a try.
I love this bed.
It does take up some room but it was amazing when we were traveling.
I did put down dome padding because the mat isn't that comfortable however I would definitely recommendGraco Tot Block with Bugs is a pack and play that features figures of bugs on each of the sides for added fun.
Kids enjoy playing with the bugs and each offers something slightly different.
The bee has its two wings extended inside of the playpen and the wings make a rattling noise when moved.
Each offers its own type of stimulation and since they are built in, they are always there.
There is no need to worry that the toys will be lost.Besides the toys, the other reason kid's love the Graco Tot Block with Bugs is for its bright colors.
Most playpens are dark blue or dark green in color and offer nothing that is visually appealing.
This pack and play, however, offers combinations of bright yellow, green, red, and blue.
Babies seem more entranced with this playpen than with the plain colored playpens.
They like looking at the bright colors and playing with the interactive, built- in toys on the sides of the playpen.Like other pack and plays, Graco Tot Block folds up for easy storage.
You need to remove the pad from the inside before you fold the unit because the pad acts as a cover for the rest of the playpen.
Once you have the playpen folded, it slips inside of the pad using Velcro straps to secure it in place.
It helps to have a second person to open it up and prepare it for use.
These toys cannot be removed from the walls of the playpen so they could definitely create a distraction that could prevent some kids from falling asleep.Graco recommends this playpen for smaller kids up to approximately two years of age.
If your child is older, then you should not use this playpen because he/she might be able to climb out.
Most kids age two or under, however, will be small enough to use this playpen.
Also, even though there is no defined limit for the number of kids who can play inside this device, I think it should be limited to two.
Any more than two and the kids will begin to get frustrated with the constant bumping into each other.Overall, this is a very good pack and play from Graco and it ranks among my child's favorite playpens.
The colors and interactive, built in toys make it a favorite among all kids and while it does weigh a little more than other pack and plays and does require more effort to unpack and set up, it still makes a good choice for parents of small children.
The interactive toys can't get lost and the unit's bright colors make it appealing to children and adults alikeI have three kids.
The first two didn't need a playpen, but my 8 month old baby is the most adventurous yet.
Of course we will still give him supervised time to roam, but we needed him to have a safe place to go other than his excersaucer.
We let him check out the playpen from the outside before we put him inside so he would be intrigued.
So far he likes it.
He is able to cruise in the playpen and gum the top rail.
I purchased some new toys to put in it too so he will have something new to play with in there.Each of the sides has a toy on the mesh.
I've checked out two of the sides.
They seem to each have elements that are popular in baby toys.I also got another of the same playpen for my parents house.
They have a dog that chews his toys (and the baby's) to bits.
It is a square as wide as the longest side of the Pack and PlayBuy this Pack N Play!!
It is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.
It's easily moved from room to room.I put a different pack N play together a few months ago from the same company and it was a nightmare!
In my opinion, this is the best on the marketBe very careful using this play pen.
My baby loves playing without shoes or socks on.
From now on he is only allowed to play inside when his shoes are onThe playpen is large and spacious,perfect for babies to roll around and play in.
But on a positive note the playpen is sturdy and easy to assembleOur family loves this product!
We used it from infancy to over age one year.
It was very easy to set up and assemble the first time.
It has very easy to clean fabric.
Just wipe it down.
Baby loved the toys on each side of the play pen and also the colorful block pattern on the mat.
I highly recommend itOverall I adore this playpen.
Our baby tries to roll over and always rolls back into the center where it is low.
January 2013.
We are still using this playpen and it has held up well.
Our daughter who is 16 months now still loves this and it has no damage after a full year of daily useit is a wonderful play pen.
bright, safe, sturdy and soft at the same time.
my son loves touching/looking at the pictures and shapes of the sun with mirror, butterfly with wings that make sounds when you touch them, the ladybug with rattle wings and a squicky ladybug.
my son loves playing there and enjoys looking at the images even if he is out of the play pen.
There are toys built into the mesh walls which provide easy entertainment.
Our daughter hated the pack 'n' play we had and loved theirs so we ended up getting one too.
She loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides.
I love it because it is a square and much larger than the plain one we had.
We HIGHLY recommendWe love it.
Great for the patio or when baby needs to be confined so gma can powder her nose.
Keeps the dog and baby apartI can't express how much I love this play yard.
My son has been using and playing in this since he was 5 months old and he is 15 months old now.
The bright colors, designs, and toys caught his attention right away.
There is a lot of space for him to move around and it is very sturdy.
I also love how easy it is to set up and take down plus the carry bag makes it easier to bring when traveling back and forth to his grandma's house.
I would definitely recommend this to anyoneJust like so many other reviews, I highly recommend this Playard.
It is easy to set up and take down.
The bright colors are exciting for little ones.
I bought a sheet made to fit the square playard, so we can use it for resting too.
The bright colors can be a distraction if you intend to use it for napping.
AND, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.
Just get the help of another person to secure thevelcro straps, and you will be all set.
Otherwise, I do like the sturdiness of theside rails, and the bright primary colors.
Not the best for napping, as thebaby will continuously play with the built in side toys.
Some of the toysrattle and crinkle, and once baby finds the party, they will not want to laydown to nap.
But I still love this playyard so much, I bought two of themI am very thankful I chose this particular pack-n-play.
I've seen the ones my friends have for their babies and I definitely got the best one!!!
It also folds up easily and stores nicely.
It is sturdy and I think it will last.
Sheets that fit this particular model are pricey, though, as it's not the average rectangular shape.
Other than that, it is perfect!
My daughter loves it and so do II read all the reviews on the pack and plays and found that the reviews on this one were all great.
I do not have a child but I watch my nephew very frequently (every other weekend).
With its bright colors and toys built in my nephews face turned to smiles.
Set up was a breeze.
What a pain to put together and take apart.
Sometimes all the sides did not lock and you had to start all over.
The bag is a little cheaply made then other bags I've seen but fits perfectly.
My daughter is long so it was perfect.
I haven't had her in here during the day but I'm sure she'll love the cartoons printed.
I bought it as a second bed for when she's at her grandma's knowing that she'll be able to fit in it for a whileI love this one..... it's bright ,comfortable, adorable ,easy to use.
love the size and i use it all the time...my baby boy loves it too.Anyway I'm going to purchase it again for my newborn nieceThis play pen is great in that it is so much more roomy then my childs standard size one.
it has the great colors and added toys on it to keep him happy and busyIf you're like me you may have gone back and forth between this Graco and the Delta (Novel) playard.
The graco was slightly easier to push the middle down that pops it all I to place.Weight & sturdiness--the graco feels lighter than the Delta (a good 5 lbs+), but the Delta feels a bit sturdier when set up, and seems slightly more durable.Shape--the graco is very squared off, and the Delta is square on bottom but curves inward as it goes up so the top railings are in a more round shape.
This feels like its saving some space even though the dimensions are the same.Mattress--the graco has a very bright, colorful mattress pad with squares and bugs on it.
It has a decent thickness in terms of padding for the baby to be comfortable.
The pad also lays flat, but you do get a slight dip in the middle after a baby has been in there for a while.
The Delta has a colorful mattress pad but with 'gentler' tones of color featuring the animals on the mesh sides.
No dip in the middle, and I would feel a bit more comfortable with more weight in the Delta.Mesh---they both seem to have equally durable mesh.
I think the Delta is built sturdier and will be more durable with continued daily use.
If you are using it to bring around with you places (hotel, camping, on the back deck, grandma's, etc).
The graco also seems sturdy and durable; the Delta just seems a bit better in those departments; that's all.The 3ft by 3ft size is amazing!!
Wish I had bought one sooner!
We have twins and they both can play in one together without them feeling like they are on top of each otherThis Play Yard is brightly colored which my son loves, it takes a bit of getting use to for breaking it down and putting it up.
And i love how the mat in it is easy to clean.
When my son spits up its very easy to wipe up off the mat it doesn't soak in.
They seemed to think it was perfectly fine, but I don't feel good about leaving him unattended.
They should either have a more cushioned mat that comes with the pack & play or at least sell one that's optionalMy son comes to work with me and I keep him in here when he's active - sleepy.
I've had it now for almost a year.
What a great buyI purchased this square playpen for an 8 month and 18 month old (not at the same time of course).
I have used those strictly for naps, as they are not that stable or large enough for play.
This square playpen is ideal!!!
It is so sturdy.
It keeps those walking and crawling confined, but still gives plenty of space for them and a few of their toys.
I feel much more comfortable having the child in the playpen than the crib.He also likes the bright colors.
It is not something I would take along where I had to carry it very far.
This has been a lifesaver!!
It is very substantial and seems to work fine.
This is such a great playpen to have in your home as an alternative to the crib.
My son loves to play in it and also sleep in his playpen which we put in the living room.
We bought this together with some fitted pack n play (Graco Square Play Yard) from SheetWorld on Amazon (if anyone is interested) and the sheets totally fit the square pad that comes with the playpen.
You can also fold this up nicely and make it compacted for traveling if need to.
This is a great purchase!
:) You will not dissapointI saw this playpen and thought it was adorable, bright colored, and fun.
Well, to my lovely surprise, my mother had also independently seen this playpen on Amazon and bought it for my little baby boy.
It is truly awesome and my son loves it!
What I love about it?
Well.......it's so nicely colored, screams cuteness all over, and it's very easy to set up and take down.
I also love how spacious it is and I have fun playing peek-a-boo with my little one too!
They say mothers know best..... and in my case.... that was true!
Buy it, you won't regret itOnce my little one started crawling and the little snugabunny gym was no longer safe, my husband reminded me we got this at our baby shower.
Baby likes the colors and all the noises, he has plenty of room to move around and he is safe in it.
I love that it's made well and expect to use it for a whilethis playpen is just way too adorable!
its colorful there lots of stuff to look at and touch, it has a mirror, crinkly, squeaker and a rattle on the inside my daughter loves this great buyI love the size and sturdiness of it!
Gives kids more play room than the average playpen.
It also holds up well to our large baby playing wildly in it.
She loves the various objects on the sides and the different noises and such they have to offer.
The pad that comes with is not waterproof and even with a thick quilted cover under the sheet tinkle still leaks through to the pad so I suggest getting a plastic cover for under the sheet.
Overall a great buyI LOVE these because they are really convenient and easy to use.
We have it by our pool (baby gated) under the overhang so we can enjoy the pool and sun and yet have LO out there playing or asleep at the same time.
It is very convenient.
I do not like the cleaning issues.
It is hard to clean and though it is billed &#34;PACK N PLAY&#34; like it is the &#34;umbrella stroller&#34; of play yards, it is hardly that easy to just fold and runI bought this for my granddaughter and another one for second child well made hours of fun easy to use and love primary colors and designs on it entertainingI registered for this pack n play solely on the wonderful amazon reviews that I read.
I wanted something larger for my baby to play in, and the Graco TotBloc definitely delivers.
I took this on a trip last weekend and put the baby in there with a blanket on the bottom so she wasn't uncomfortable.
This spacious pack and play is wonderful!
Our 10-month-old daughter loves it - we have it in our kitchen so we can set her in it for a few minutes while we use the stove or chop up food (cases where, for obvious reasons, we wouldn't want her underfoot).
She can see us, we can talk with her, and she has plenty of room to practice pulling herself up and walking along the edges (and falling on her bum on the padded floor).
When she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).It's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case.
An all-around great productThis playyard is amazing!
It makes the other playyards look like a joke!
Most other playyards are dark and the mesh is dark so your baby can't see out and therefore wants to get out asap.
This playyard is really bright and gorgeous, and the mesh is clear so baby can see out.
It looks inviting and fun to be in there!
Also, other playyards are uncomfortable- no wonder your baby screams to get out- the floors aren't thick enough and the support bars can be felt through the floor.
This playyard has a really thick, high-quality floor that is comfortable and baby could sleep on.
Also, this playyard is really big- huge!- which makes it way nicer for baby.
I am so glad I found this playyard onlineAmazing, adorable, colorful, safe, and giant!
Folds up easily and not too heavy to carry around if you want to take it.
The ideal playpenLOVE this pack n play.
nice bright colors, great roomy size for bubs and an absolute breeze to set up and take down.
We put toys in there and our son love being in there.
The toys that are attached to the playpen are great and our babie always tries to touch them.
It's pretty spacious compared to typical other playpenI have had this pack n' play for a few weeks now and my son seems to enjoy it.
We use it for quick corralling, not prolonged play time.
He likes the toys on the sides, and I like that it is larger than most of the play yards I've seen, granting that my experience is limited.-It goes up and down VERY easily and quickly.-It is not very heavy for the size and sturdiness.
My parents have a Cosco playyard that they borrowed from a friend for when we visit.
That was a major deciding factor for my big boy!Overall I think it's a great product for the priceWe got this for my baby when she was about 7 months and getting mobile so we needed somewhere to put her if we needed to do something without holding her.
It is the standard length of a traditional playpen, but the width is the same as well which gives babies much more space to crawl around in and play than the typical playard.
It is very simple to put up and take down.
My baby has only slept in it one night and it was fine for her.
It is very sturdy and the bottom mat has tabs that snap into the base of the frame for extra stability.
The colors are bright which is good for the baby but doesn't exactly fit into my home decor.
The sides each have a toy- a mirror, two rattle butterflies and one squeek lady bug.
This is the most affordable by far of the larger size playpens and I'm very happy with my choiceI bought this play yard to put my 8 month old in when I need to keep her contained and safe while I am cooking.
It is perfect.
The size is ideal as she is able to roll and move around it and play with her toys but does not take up all of the room in our small living area.
The pad seems comfy and she will be able to nap in it.
The toys on the sides are great, she loves to play with the butterfly.
I am very happy with this productHard to find a pack & play this large anymore and with the twins coming it will be great to haveOMG....this play pen is a life saver.
When I'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner I can't always be watching him so this is perfect.
It's easy to pack up too.
I shoved it in the bottom of our UppaBaby Vista stroller.
#NYCMom**KEY NOTE*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend downSuperb!
She is able to play independently and you don't have to worryVery big and roomy.
Folds and sets up with ease.
My only complaint is that although you can remove the bottom pad, the cover on it is not removeable or water proof, so there is no way to wash it and feel like it's "clean".
You can "spot clean" with a warm rag, but lets face it.
And you're not able to do that with this padNeeded a safe fun place near my home office and this was perfect.
Also plan to take it when we travel.Some features our 8 month old granddaughter find entertaining.
Pulling the center up just an inch allowed to lock it and the babe went in.
He instantly loved it - he can see everyone through the mesh, he loves playing with wings of two butterflies (rattle and crinkle) and tries to pick the smiley faces from the mat or kiss them.
I read some reviews that the floor is not too even, but I did not notice it with mineI like it for the size and all the colors.
Bugs on the sides are somewhat entertaining with rattles and squeaksI bought this for my nine month granddaughter when she comes to visit.
She loves it!
It's practical, sturdy and so easy to set up and take down.
The colors are bright and cheerful and the attached &#34;toys&#34; are so cute&#34This is a great play space for our son!
But once our son started crawling, we needed a safe place to put him while working in the kitchen.
This is perfect!
Everyone's happyI totally recommend this especially for big babies as well.
We took this whenever we go on a trip and my son just loved staying here.
Totally recommend itFantastic piece of baby gear!
Our 7-month-old loves the toys on the mesh walls, and he has plenty of space to scoot around.
We've found that the Carters jersey knit crib sheets can stretch to fit over the floor in this Pack 'N Play, which gives us the option of having a washable surface.
The bright colors don't exactly blend with our household decor, but we'll live.
So happy we made this purchase, and what a great price from AmazonVery cute and bright gender neutral play yard.
Very sturdy.
Will be handing down to my sister for her new baby.
It is very durable and well made to last.
Which is nice when something lasts and you can use for more then one babyI recently bought this for 7 month old daughter who is just starting to crawl.
It the perfect thing to keep her amused for anywhere from 20minutes to an hour!
It means I can go to the bathroom in peace and get some chores done knowing she is safe and amused.It is super easy to put together - it literally takes less than a minute - take out of the box - unfold it and it clicks into place.
The pictures on the side are of good quality and my daughter likes to pull and play with them.We also have a weekend home - so bought two of these.
I would guess this could also double as a crib for the weekend house - ie - for a night or two at a time.Highly recommend for the 7 - 10 month phase of baby's developmentLet me start by saying that this is very colorful and attractive to baby.
The base is also attractive with lots of colors for baby to 'discover'.There is a play thing on each side - crinkly butterfly, mirror, squeezy sound making ladybug, and rattly bee.
The flipside is that baby has plenty of room to play.
You can store baby's toys in there and still they space to play.It has mesh sides for airflow and so that parents can see in and babies can see out.
It's relatively quick to fold away for travel due to a button on each top arm which 'folds' that side.
However, that's where the good stuff ends because there are two major flaws with this product.Why do manufactuers insist on producing fabric based items for a baby that cannot be WASHED ???
Duh !!!
)?It's perhaps the most important thing in any piece of baby equipment; be it a chair, car seat, pushchair, crib, or playpen.
THE FABRIC SHOULD BE REMOVABLE FOR WASHING.The second issue is that the base pad is only about 3/4 in thick.
Although baby hasn't yet 'rolled' into the center, it's not very comforting knowing that the center is not flat.
Perhaps the pad should have been thicker - better yet the center leg should have been the same size as the others.For what we paid, I don't think it's worth the money - especially considering that the pad can't be cleaned without using chmical cleaners (which we don't intend to use around babyextra space, entertaining and fun!
little over priced but it's safe and durable so we enjoyed it while it was neededI like that this has more room than the standard rectangular Graco Pack 'N Plays.
It's easy to set up and works wellI love this pack n play!
The other ones that are rectangular and fancier did not work for us (and they were twice the price)....
I finally relented one day and bought this one because it was bigger, boxier and roomier.
My son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).
And he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhereThis was perfect for traveling when my child was under 2.
She loved the decorations on it and she was able to play with them.
It is larger than an average pack n play, which was nice when she sleptThis is a nice, large playpen with bright colors and activity items on the sides to entertain baby.
The corners are perfect for a baby to learn to pull up to stand, and the sides are tall enough to keep the child safe inside.
(Apparently, the sides are also fun for teething babies to chew on, but what isn't?)
I have no tested the portability of the playpen since we use it daily in our living room when baby has quiet playtime before bedBought this play-yard to be both a place for my 7-month old grandson to sleep during his visit as well as a temporary 'holding pen' for putting him down for a moment.
He slept comfortably at night, and was fascinated by the butterfly and other adornments on the mesh walls of the play-yard when awake.
Its made well, easy enough to open and close, and definitely worked out well for meWhen my daughter started rolling, it was time for a little containment -- but Grandma bemoaned the fact that none of the standard play yards had as much space as the playpens of my childhood.
Best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's FUN; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror.
And as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge SuperyardI was looking for something for my 7 month old daughter to keep her safe when I need to leave the room.
The pad it comes with is good and the colors and extra toys on the side are fun for herWe have this one and love it.
My son typically doesn't like a pack and play or even to be in the crib too long.
But, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day.
We set it up in the hotel room and it worked perfectly.
He likes all the animals on the sides.
Not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down.
We have an older model pack and play and it is very hard to get the sides up and down.
This one is so easy!
It's small and cozy and our son likes it fine.
(She also wondered how I thought the dimensions were 9' by 9', but that's another story.
)Well, we could have returned it with the free returns, but after we got it set up and plopped our son it in, we were hooked and so was he.
Each wall of the pack n' play has a different feature: for instance, one wall has a ladybug that squeaks; another has a butterfly that moves and rustles; another has a bee that also moves and rustles; and another has a sun with a mirror on it.
I've seen my son fall plenty of times inside of it, and he hasn't seemed bothered.
Our son actually likes going in there, unlike his other pack n' play (or--god forbid--his North States Superyard play yard--you'd think we'd sent him to Guantanamo Bay).Overall, it really just looks like a fun, happy, and bright place to be in, and it's well made and looks like it will last for a while, and perhaps most importantly, our son doesn't fuss when we put him in there, and, to state the obvious, putting him in there keeps him away from the unmentionable hazards on the floors of our home.
This unique system works best for eliminating excessive air from the bottle therefore preventing excessive gas!
Without a doubt my favorite bottle for our son and we will be sure to use it with our next childI'm gonna start by saying I really love these bottles.
They work great for me and my baby.
She doesn't get all that gas she used to get with other bottles anymore and she seems very comfortable with the nipples.
Apparently they don't make the easy feed anymore.I still gave this bottles five stars cuz they're the best we've tried.
Helped a lot with our little colicky baby and they are a blessing when it comes to cleaning.
We have a zillion nipples and just a few bottles so we only replace the nipples on the nursers and we're good to goThese are one of only a few brands of bottles out there that has a variety of nipples so if your baby doesn't like one nipple, you can try the others.
Most other bottles only offer one nipple and if your baby doesn't like it, you have to buy a completely different set of bottles.These bottles are also interchangeable with the Playtex Premium bottles, so you can have a variety of colors and designs.Get an extra box of liners for each size.These are easy to clean, just toss the liner and wash the bottle in warm, soapy water.
Not scrubbing with a bottle brush to get the lump of formula out of the bottom.
Here's why:1.
The caps are more streamlined and work for all different types of nipples.
The clear domed caps on the Premiums don't work with the orthodontic nipple, and that's all I use.I would have rather received 2 of these sets instead of one of the Premium sets I gotOk, my 3 yr. old shouldn't be drinking out of a bottle anymore BUT, I have really put these bottles to good use!
I have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the ease of use!
I do,however, wash the liners sometimes to re-use or I'd be in bankruptcy...Publix and Walmart and other stores have liners you can use when the Playtex gets to be too expensiveWe used Playtex drop-in bottles and my son loved them.
He was able to hold them by himself when he was three months old.
We started with the slow flow nipple very early and he had nipple confusion.
Later we moved on the Y-cut nipple which is great because it doesn't spill like the medium and fast flowThe drop in system is all we use for our daughter and I just love it.
I will keep on using it and recommending it highly.
These nipples are far superior in my opinion because they're such a natural shapeI rated this 3 stars because while it has many good parts, I was highly disappointed to "realize" when my baby was 4 months old that this set does *not* include any medium flow nipples.
We used the slow flow for several months, so those were useful, but the Fast flow were way too fast and we needed something in-between.
Low & behold I walk down the aisle in Target looking for an entirely new bottle system and I see medium nipples that work perfectly for my daughter.
For trying to offer a variety of nipple options, Playtex missed the mark in omitting the medium flow nipplesince my 1st child to my new grandson, I do not remember ever having a bottle be more easy on the stomach and prevent colic.Even my colicky babydid the very best when I used these.
My son is primarily breastfed, but my wife and I supplement his breastfeedings with pumped breastmilk and with formula.
The liners are also BPA-free although I'm not sure what kind of plastic they are manufactured from.
If you want to experiment with these bottles to see if they will work for you, I would suggest that you stop in at Target or Walmart.
He had his choice of 5 nipples and likes the latex slow flow the best.
Even my husband is able to feed him with ease (breastfed babies are picky!).
I recommend this to everyone.
It would make a great Baby Shower presentI used these with my first daughter almost 7 years ago (although they were not BPA free back then...that was before it became a big deal I guess!)...
After 7 years could have still used my same bottles but opted to buy new ones because they were not BPA free.I also bought some AVENT bottles this time around - because that is the brand of pump I bought - and they are pretty good too.
But these Playtex bottles are my go to bottle as they are SOOOO easy to clean and that is very important when you have a young, hungry, crying baby to take care ofBaby has had less gas and fussiness since we have been using these bottles.
Love the nipple variety too.Because of the liners, it is easy to keep two of these bottles in use and not clutter up the kitchen with bottle pieces, etc.Would highly recommendI was mistaken when I registered for these bottles...
I thought I could use everything in the box for my baby when she was born.
And around the age of 4-6 months, switch them to older baby nipples in that same material.Hope this review helps you!
Good luck with your little oneMy breastfed baby took very easily to these bottles.
They're sturdy and durable.
The only times I've had difficulties with leaking is when I've failed to properly use thePlaytex Drop-Ins Disposable Bottle Liners, 8 oz, 50 Liners.
It is so easy to use.
The selection of nipples was nice to have, though my guys would take any of them-he isn't picky.
I haven't used the tall liners yet though, maybe that is more useful if you are formula feeding?
For breastfeeding I recommend the pump and store set and you will be all ready to goThese are the only bottles I can get my son to take.
He hates the silicone nipples, so these are great alternativeBefore I had my baby, I was thoroughly confused by all of the bottle options available.
I started doing research & this one came highly recommended.
Hardly any cleaning!!!!!
If you're not a complete germ phobe & not super messy while making the bottle, you rarely have to wash the bottles or rings.
Just change out the drop in, wash the nipple & you're set.
I only tried it once.
Put the lid on the bottle & put the bottle in the outside side pocket of the diaper bag.
So, the "leak proof" tops are not leak proof.
At least 2 out of the 5 are Fast Flow, which I didn't use until my baby was 8-9 months old.
The nipples are like $4 for a 2pk, so add that to the cost when comparison shopping.Other than that, I love these bottles!
I do not use a bottle warmer.
The kit comes with the adapters that you need.With respect to the nipples that come with this set, our baby eventually got used to them, but it took a few daysI got these as a gift at my baby shower, so I haven't had a chance to use them until now.
Since I'm breastfeeding, I don't use them on a regular basis, just for outings.
The laytex nipple was the only one shes takes.
So I learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.
There is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her) when you know that shes happy while you are at workI knew from the beginning that I would be using these bottles.
What I love is the convenience.
No bottle washing, just toss out the liner and wash the nipple.
It's especially nice when you're out and about or a long trip and cannot necessarily wash a bottle after use.
What's nice about this starter kit is that it comes with 5 different nipples of varying flows and types (latex and silicone) that I was able to try without having to purchase separately (this is good because of my complaint below).I also like the Playtex one step storage system that you can use with these bottles (refer to my review on Playtex one step storage kits: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1NSCK6EN7AYRA/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm).
As I mentioned, it's nice that it came with all the different nipples because finding the best one to use with my baby was a chore and a half (refer to my reviews on the Playtex NaturaLatch slow flow latex, Playtex NaturaLatch slow flow silicone, and Playtex NaturaLatch Orthodontic Medium Flow).2) The clear liners make it difficult to see the exact amount that is in the liner if you are pumping directly into the liner, but you learn to estimate more or less.
When you're breastfeeding you have no clue the exact amount the baby is getting anyways.
They give several drop-in liners, 4 oz and 8 oz.
But for the price, its worth itWith all the rave reviews and my love for Playtex VentAir bottles, I was very excited about this bottle.
Yet, both me and my baby hated it.
First off, the bottle itself is huge, which makes it uncomfortable in many ways.
Second, even the slow flow nipple somehow seems too fast and makes my baby choke on his milk.
In any case, we used it a couple of times and went right back to VentAir.
I would not recommend itLast year, in preparation to our son's arrival, we bought several leading, what I will call "bottle feeding systems" (You are not buying just bottles, but also committing yourself to the accessories specific to that brand, so they are systems).
Plus, Target sells a store version of dropins which a lot of people like, so that helps a lot with the price.Avent bottles are generally very good, and we ended up using them a lot.
Also, we purchased the ridiculesly overpricedPhilips AVENT BPA Free Standard Breast Pump Conversion Kitto be able to use the bottles withMedela Pump in Style Advanced Breast Pump.
The setup works great.
We have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples N-4, and the above comments apply to all variations.Dr.
Brown's bottles are probably the best out of the three.
Like the Avent, we have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples 1-4.
With its design, it is harder to assemble the bottle without all the necessary pieces.
We never had an issue with just throwing them in the dishwasher.
After about nine months of use, some of the markings are slightly coming off, not a big deal.
All of them reduced some, but not all.
Likewise, our son had no preference in the nipples from one bottle to the next among these, although he absolutely hatedThe First Years 3 Pack Breastflow Bottle, so we only tried it once.If I had to pick only one of the above brands, it would be Dr. Brown'sWe got this set at our shower and haven't needed any other bottles.
My son started using them at about four weeks old and quickly outgrew the smaller bottles, but the set includes three larger ones, which is great.
The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is that they don't include the medium flow nipples, just fast and slow.
My baby was impatient with the slow flow and overwhelmed by the fast, so we had to purchase the medium ones separately.
Any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, I've done that many times.
I would NOT recommendThis particular starter set of Playtex Drop-Ins is a great place to start if you're looking for an economical way to sample a wide variety of nipple types and the Drop-Ins system as a whole.
We did not need to purchase additional Drop-In bottles because of the quick and easy clean-up, although we did purchase extra nipples of the type our daughter preferred.
We have used both the Playtex VentAire and Playtex Drop-In bottles for the past year as we switched between breastfeeding and bottle feeding with my daughter, who has just reached her first birthday.
In both cases, we use the slow flow variety of nipple for each bottle type.
This is how the two compare:1.
The Drop-Ins win hands-down for convenient clean-up and are thus our favorite to travel with.
The VentAire slow flow nipples are much slower than the Drop-In slow flow nipples, which we have found is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).3.
Once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the VentAire bottle with a slow flow nipple can be flung wildly around and does not leak.
However, the Drop-Ins bottle with a slow flow nipple leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby WILL turn it upside-down).
She can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the VentAire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air.
For convenience and fast clean-up, the Playtex Drop-In system wins.
For fewer leaks and more baby autonomy, the Playtex VentAire bottles get our voteSeveral weeks ago I left a 2 star review for these bottles due to the cost of always having to buy liners with twins...as you can see I have since changed my mind and deleted that review.
Why?
After having used ONLY Playtex Drop Ins for the 1st year and then using other types of bottles for around a month I am realizing how much not only myself but my girls LOVED the Playtex Drop Ins.The Playtex Nipples are definately what my girls prefer and are much easier for them.
They normally finish their night time bottles but have not been finishing them since switching to different bottles.
Also the new bottles have tons of air bubbles where the Playtex did NOT.The nipple size is also good for Preemie babies.
When my girls were born they were too small to suckle on the breast and most bottles were too big for their tiny mouths.
I do remember when my girls were under a month old we had some Advent bottles w/ silicone nipples someone had given us and I tried giving them to my girls once(the more bottles the merrier) but my girls HATED the nipples and they just seemed to big for their small mouths.
I had to empty the Advent and pour them into the Playtex.And when I first wrote my 2 star review of these bottles because I hated the repeated cost of buying liners, that was also before I realized just how FANTASTICALLY WONDERFUL it is to be able to throw away the liner.
It might cost more in liners but you'll be Thankful in the long run.
My girls like the Playtex Latex nipples the best.You can buy store brand liners, we've used Walmart store brand and they work fine but Playtex are definately the best liner.
Keep an eye out because the Playtex liners DO go on sale and then you can stock up.
I also liked the bags but we only used them at first when I was pumping breast milk for my girls.
You can use different brands of bags for these as wellI only used these with my first child, now 7 years old.
I am pregnant with my 2nd and with certainty, will use these again.
Why they are amazing:1.
The liners are so convenient.
I purchased these bottles before my son, who is now 10 weeks old, was born.
I planned to pump into these bottles.
I didn't have a dishwasher at the time.
I also have a psychotic cat that continually custom selected baby items from the dish drying rack.
My son eats a ton and these bottles don't really do well with formula.POWDERED FORMULAPowdered formula (which I can't stand) doesn't mix well in this bottle.
Also, despite the wonderful design for keeping air out... you have to shake powdered formula.
Thus, there's air in there and your baby will be gassy.LIQUID (RTF) FORMULAFormula is expensive.
But it did.
Twice.
(Even if prepared, you need to push air out of the bottle... and that takes time).BREASTMILKI don't pump enough to fill these bottles.
Pumping takes a lot of time.
He eats all the time.
Why pump into a bottle just to feed it to him right away?
Now... in the first few weeks, my son killed my nipples.
So, pumping into the bottle came in handy.
I didn't care if he destroyed silicone.
(He didn't... but I'm just sayin'!
I actually prefer these caps to the "newer" ones I found at Babies R Us (for a much higher price).
The plastic is sturdy.
This brand is kind of wonderful because they make a variety of bottles and the nipples can be used with different bottles.I didn't hate the bottle enough to say you shouldn't try it.
But I didn't like it enough to continue using it.
You do not need "extra" exterior bottles.
Since you don't need to wash the exterior anyway... what you have is plentyThese bottles always worked out for my daughter.
I figured I would be saving time because I wouldn't have to clean a ton of bottles everyday.
Well, you aren't able to heat the bottles with the liners in them so you have to get a container dirty anyway to warm the milk and then dump them back into the bottle.
Also they are not good for on the go.
I have the Avent bottles, Dr. Brown's, Gerber, you name it, I have a ton of them.I exclusively breatfeed my baby and everyday he gets a bottle with his medicine in it along with the bottles I pump for when we will be somewhere that's difficult to breastfeed.
In my opinion, this system is HANDS-DOWN THE BEST.Here's what I like:The liners are sterile so you can always be sure your baby is drinking out of a clean bottle.Nothing to wash but the nipple and ring.
Its so quick and easy, especially when you are in a hurry or in the middle of the night when its harder to think straight.
When he's done, just toss the drop in and wash the nipple and you are ready for your next bottle.My baby didn't struggle with swallowing air using this bottle like the others I tried because you push the air out.
It comes with various nipples to try and the breastfeeding nipple works great for him.Here is the only downside:You cannot pump directly into the liners - but that is not a big deal to me.
Everything's light so they are easy to carry around as well.
I have found most of the new modern bottles to be all gimic and no substance.
The down side to these bottles is that you have to continually buy the bags which can get pricy.
I've pumped at work for about 2 months and it's gone pretty smoothly.
I use a mix of these and Medela storage bottles.I especially like that the liners are BPA freeI love these bottles and I reccomend them to everyone I know.
Second after I put the cap on I pinch the nipple open and gently push up on the liner and all the air comes out.
That means the bottle won't give the baby gas!
I also used the natural action nipple which the baby loved.
I was also able to wash the nipple, the bottle and the ring in the top rack of the disheasher in a speacial nipple rack I bought at walmart for $5.
I ended up switching out the older nipple design (square top) with the newer nipples because I liked the design better.
It seemed to me that the newer design is more correct for suckling.
I liked these bottles because of the liner idea and my best friend had used them.I wish the nipples would have come in more than two stages though because when my daughter hit about 4 months, the slow flow were too slow and the fast flow were too fast.
The only time the bottle ever leaked was when I used the drop-in liners and that's because it wasn't seated right on the rim of the bottle.
and they are correct.
I buy the Parent's Choice (PC) brand at Walmart.
Another thing to be careful of is the measurements aren't always correct.
I bought the Target brand 4 oz.
I'm realizing that saving tons of money isn't always what's best for my daughter.
They also work as burp cloths for those using disposable diapersI bought these as burp cloths for my two boys.As burp cloths they are great - nothing fancy, just good at absorbing the spit up.
These stay in place without having to touch/fix it.I have tried them for cloth diapering but it seems they don't hold very well and leak more than the other diaper inserts I've used.
They are so gauzy that you can see through them, so they won't even work for a game of "peek-a-boo"!
These were not thick enough for me to use as a burp cloth, let alone the "premium" diaper it is touted to be.
I just don't think they described accurately what you are getting.
They are definitely not the diaper service quality, however, if you don't have 3 different levels of diapers to choose from at your local store, how would you even know that there were different grades of diapers when it says "premium" on the package?
These wash well, are absorbent, USUALLY cover enough of the shoulder/arm to prevent clothing from becoming a mess, and are very soft.
Been using it with my first born and now with my 1 month old baby.Will help you prevent diaper rash.
Tiring to change everytime the baby wets the cloth though and time consuming to wash but worth it than having problems with diaper rash.
that's about all they are good for please spend the extra money on diaper service quality prefolds it will be worth it in the endThese are by far the BEST burp cloths around.
I got several different kinds at my baby shower.
These are fabulous.
I buy them for every baby shower I go to now.
The middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.
I highly recommend them.
They are worth the moneyI purchased these to make burp cloths.
We used the burp cloths for monthsI love these cloth diapers.
I use them everyday to care for my newborn.
I mostly use them as burp cloths and as extra protection for the changing pad during diaper changes.
They wash up great.
I would highly recommend these cloth diapersI used to work as a nanny while I was going to college and I am buying lot of baby products for my best friend (she was my &#34;student loan&#34; - and that's how I am paying her back... buying the baby products, anyway)... she know I had over 7+y of experience taking care of babies and the items I'm buying for her are things I used during my sitter years and I know they're practical and they work greatI got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and I absolutely love them!
When baby's hungry I just grab the bottle from the fridge, grab the little flask of water that's attached, pour it in, and press the button.
I've had to warm bottles twice sometimes but it's still faster than warming water on the stove or running the bottle under the faucet.
Oh, I only do 2 oz.
My best advice?
It is correct, and when followed it heats the bottle perfectly every time.
All of the water disappeared and the light turns off when it's done.
I honestly cannot understand how people could say they read the directions and it still didn't work, but hey that's just me.
Definitely recommend!
If you have the inserts, you can always use a plastic bottle and pour it in.
A must have for when baby is home with daddy, grandma, or anyone else that doesn't have a ton of experience with properly heating a bottle (esp.
breastmilkI have been using this product for almost 7 months and yes, its true the little cups DO NOT WORK for warming bottles, I tried them for 1 week until I started using my own cup and I just pour the water in and now I know about how long it will take to warm, works great for me.
I never had a problem with scalding my baby's mouth because I always check the milk temperature on my hand BEFORE giving it to the baby.
Oh!
When the baby woke up, we transferred one bottle to the warmer.
You may want to order an additional ice pack so you'll always have one ready in the freezer.
bottle; we've used Avent with no problemsI can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.
Every night I know I will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.Now, all I do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.While I change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and I am ready to go.
This equipment has been a godsend.
I liked it because it had a section to keep bottles cold as well.
This feature sounds good, but in real life, doesn't work as well as it sounds.The bottle warmer works ok but the heating action is inconsistent even if you get the water level on the meniscus the same everytime.
I love it.
It warms the Avent bottles great.
It DOES NOT warm the Playtex Ventair bottles.
We have a 2 story house and this helped us so much.
I have the other First year single warmer also and it is in my kitchen and it is great as well.
This is definitly worth the moneyWe have two of these - one for upstairs and downstairs.
We've been using this for a month and it works ok.
The warmer is a bit of a crap shoot as far as the bottle temperatures... but it's never under-heated a bottle.
That's easily remedied by running the bottles under cool water for a minute or two.
They seemed fine and didn't melt but I quickly switched to using only glass bottles in the warmer.
It does keep things cool - but it's not impressive.
If you keep it on the unit your bottles will warm up.All in all - this is definitely a good purchase and I'm not sorry I bought thisWe are using this every night since we bought it.
It's easy to use, look good and works great!
I use to warm breastmilk.
Cleaning/descaling is the only issueWe love it.
Once we figured out how to use it for bottles and bottles of baby food.
I didnt find it evenly heated it through.Its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins.
:)But we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-Overall, save your money and use the traditional methodI use this everyday to heat up bottles..
I like how you can keep the frozen ice pack in with bottles to store and keep cool then just pour a little water into the front part to boil the water.
Or if you want to save your money you can always just boil/microwave water and put the bottle in that.
We've used this warmer for 2 of our babies and love it.
It's super convenient to have 2 bottles nice and chilled.
If you read the instructions the warming is pretty much fool-proof but on occasion I've been sleepy and overwarmed a bottle.
Make sure your lids are off or loosened when you warm the bottles (especially Dr. Brown's) or the milk will come out of the top and make breast milk caramel all over the heating elementWhen we first got it I thought it was complicated...but it really isn't.
When your baby wakes up take the water holder off the side and pour into the warmer, place the bottle and then press the button in front to warm.
While you're changing your baby the bottle will warm up and be ready by the time you're done.It takes practice, at first you'll probably either overfill the water holder or not fill it enough.
For a 4oz warm Dr Browns bottle we usually filled it to the 6 line, 2 months later we're filling it to the 7 line.
5oz bottles vary between the 7-8 line.
You also have to be careful not to spill formula/bm on the warmer or it will get sticky and won't warm the bottle as well.
Oh and if you move the bottle more towards the front of the warmer it will warm up quicker.If you put too much water, the bottle will be too hot so if you're not sure start out with the 5-6 line and go from there.There is no nightlight and they shouldn't list it as a feature, the 'nightlight' is the button that glows orange when you press it to warm a bottle.
If you have two floors definitely get a bottle warmer, and if you're on a budget this is the bestI purchased this bottle warmer for my second baby because it was a life saver for my daughter.
It stores 2 bottles in the compartment and comes with a small ice pack.
I would add a time chart just to know approximately how much time it takes to heat up a bottleI've heard some say this is the best warmer available.
If so, parents are S.O.L.
When the heating indicator light turns off you must be right there to pull the bottle out or it will continue to significantly warm the bottle without any water medium.
Be sure to loosen your bottles cap during heating and check to see that the travel disc is not in place.
Otherwise, the bottles (esp.
Brown's) will overflow.
Of course, you will likely be holding your crying and squirming baby in one arm while trying to do open the cap and not spill all the water.
refer to the pictures posted by other shoppersThe design is convenient, except for the water holding tubes which can be annoying to clip to the sides.
Otherwise, having a cooler right there is nice.
Note that it keeps the bottle COOL, and NOT COLD.
Heating is a bit inconsistent and seems to be slower than the quick pro model by the first years.
And it's hard to fill them up to the accurate measurement line under the faucet....basically, you constantly have to pour a little water out--Oh, wait, that was too much---fill it back up under the faucet--Oh, wait, that was too much...you see where I'm going with this.
of the bottle isn't quite right.
You really have to play with the amount of water it takes to appropriately warm the bottle up.
Scrap the instructions!!
Having the chiller compartment saves me the trip to the refrigerator.
I agree the measuring water is confusing so I just check it periodically to ensure the bottle doesn't overheat.
So if you need speedy turnaround use the Evenflo glass bottles - they heat up in under 3 minutesI can honestly say I love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.
We loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.
Even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.
The taller Dr. Brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.
I ended up still using the cooler but storing the Dr. Brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.
My only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fitI really did not like this.
Decided to just buy a second warmer that uses water, and to use a cooler for the bottles (our baby needed 4 anyway to get through the nightthe measuring of the water is not comfortable it take more time to actually put the water at its correct measure than just boiling water in micro and using that to warm the milkI loved this product from the moment I got it.
It works wonders with drop ins, And Avent bottles fit into and heat up nicely....
Sometimes that is.
We have been using this with ourDr.
All in all it still works but I can slowly start to see it go down hill in its heating capabilitiesThis was nice to have when I was pumping.
I'd wake up in the middle of the night and heat up my daughter's bottle.
I had absolutely no issues with this item, did what it saidWe bought this because I work 2nd shift at a hospital so on the days I work, I don't get home until midnight and my husband has to get up with the baby.
We exclusively breastfeed, so it's not like we can just put warm water in a bottle and mix it with formula.
Living in a two story house, it's not exactly fun to get up in the middle of the night, go downstairs, warm up the water, then the bottle and go back upstairs to the baby.
This system alleviates all of that!!
We just put it in our upstairs bathroom with a bottle of breastmilk in the cooler part and when the baby gets hungry, just put water in the wamer and warm the bottle.
It's quick and easy, which is always good in the middle of the night!
There's no other way to pick this thing up unless you grab it by the warmer cup.
No matter whether you put extra water or not, the bottles still don't get warm like they should.
We loved it for the first month we had it.
BUT, after just about a month of use (warming 3 or 4 bottles per day) the warmer started over heating the bottles and sent milk pouring out of the top.
I use a variety of types of bottles and specifically the Dr. Browns and the First Years Breastflow bottles were overheated and thus overflowed in this warmer.
That didn't help.
Easy to use.
Plus you can easily over heat your bottles in this.
Works greatOur bed rooms are upstairs and I needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.This is the best buy for the same reason.I simply love it and couldnt live without it.I have used it every single day so far .My son is now 5months and it works great I never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not I measured the water.
I am not happy with the new model.
We got the Tommee Tippee bottle warmer with our second child (because we used the tommee tipped bottles with her).
After only a few months, I have gone back to this warmer.
I love that it has the auto-off feature (which the TT one did not have).
Overall, I love this warmerDo not buy for glass bottles.
We always ended up using the tap to correct the temperature and it took forever.
We just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its AMAZING!
For my daughters first month of life, she couldn't latch on correctly so I pumped and fed her via bottle.
No problems with this pump.
I love itI only used this pump for the first month as I did not produced much milk but it was great when I used it.
As a first time mom, I found it very comfortable and easy to use.
I also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine.
I did find that I had to bend forward to get maximum output but it was not uncomfortable.
If you plan to do a lot of pumping then getting the double pump might be worth the extra money as it is quite time consuming with only one pump.
Overall, an efficient pump, no complaintsThis pump says it's rated for only occasional use, but I used it every day for six months.
The main thing I like about this pump is the ability to use it in any situation.
My husband and I traveled quite a bit with our son and I was able to pump in the car with the battery pack.
I only used this after my baby was 6 weeks and had no problems whatsoeverI purchased this pump for occasional use since I am a sahm.
As recommended by our lactation consultants, I pump once a day.
I am able to get 6-8oz in one sitting.
When I pump w/o nursing at the same time, I am still able to get 4oz in 15-20 mins.
I pump once a day and after a week of that I have 2 weeks worth of feedings(if giving once a dayThis little electrical pump works well.
I have twins and this pump works just fineIt does the job, but does it make the loudest noise doing it.
After two months I found that it was harder to express breast milk using the same suction as before.
I had to just ditch this item in the endI had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (Medela Pump in Style) all I can say is GOOD THING I HAD THE DOUBLE PUMP!
plus even if it DID work, a single pump means double the pumping time.
I ended up getting the Medela Pump In Style and loved it.
I am home with the baby so I didn't think I needed one of the larger double pumps since I am not working.
I ended up purchasing the Medela Pump-in-Style and it works much better.
Now I use the double pump to fill an evening bottle for my husband to feed to the baby.
I think this pump is only worth it if you will rarely need to pump or to use for just a few minutes before feeding the baby to relieve engorgementI received this pump as a gift.
For manual use I recommend the Avent Isis.
This works great.
It comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.
It is a pretty good buy.
I wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, I am glad to have itI have the larger, double Pump In Style but I wanted to leave that at work and still have something at home.
I used this to pump in the morning before going to work or if I was unusually full.
It's small and light and perfect for travel.
I'm now onto baby #2 and use this occasionally since I'm now home full time, but this works so well when I need it.
It's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - Medela is a really great brand!
I wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for meMy sister used this pump for 3 months (daily) and passed it down to me which I was able to use for 3 months (daily) and then it died on me.
I used it much more than the occasional use that it's meant for (which I didn't know this at the time).
After listening to a baby crying all the time, listening to this pump was the last thing I wanted to do so if you value silence...steer clearI love this pump!
In addition to being slow, it began leaking while in use and this is only after being SPARINGLY used for 5 months.
The motor cycles very slowly so when it's tugging on me all I can think is ouch...ouch...ouch...
I ended up buying a used Pump-in-Style online and love it.
I can pump both sides at once in less than 10 minutes and have a good-sized bottle to show for itI'm pretty sure I first bought this pump when I had my first 6yrs ago.
When my second came along, I pulled out this pump and used it regularly for almost a year.
(expressing away from home, helping with engorgement, pumping extra for more supply)It works great!
and it worked just as well.
I have never had problems with burning through batteries, they always lasted a long time, so long that I started using batteries while at home too so I wasn't stuck in one place.If I still had this laying around, I would also use it with our 3rd, who is expected in 2 mos.
My kids are 4 and 6yrs now, and with the activity level in my home now, I think a quieter model will better suite everyone's needsThis pump is very good.
I had to pump while my daughter was in the hospital the first month of her life.
I only used the electric plug, never batteries.
Medela is definitely the best pump to get, and don't even think about a manual one.
I never pump now since I'm home with my baby, but I am so glad I have this pump.
If you have to pump a lot, and can afford it, a double pump is the way to go though...it takes half the time, which is very important when you have a baby to take care ofI found this gate hard to set up - the instructions weren't as clear as I would have liked and did not mention to remove the vertical bars before trying to adjust sections.
(I am a minor DIYer).It's great once it's in place, though!
It is very sturdy and the gate is easy to open if you have a free handOverall this appears to be a decent gate set - it easily configured to fit the area we needed to cordon off from our wee one.
It actually takes a little effort and the gate itself doesn't feel that it's truly sturdy enough for this abuse.
The gate is easy to configure.
When you have it set up, it feels like it's locked into place (unlike a few other large area gates I've used).
It does feel very secure.
This is a great feature.Overall this is an ok gate.
It may be the best gate for versatile areas where traditional gates don't fit.
The only thing I didn't like about the gate is how hard it is to bend/configure each panel of the gateWe have a soon to be 5 month old and he is not crawling yet but we wanted to be prepared.
Our stairs needed a special gate and this is perfect for us.
We especially love the fact that you can take the entire gate off when not needed and it's easy to put up and take down.
Thanks to Little Folks and AmazonThis gate was perfect for our split-level home with the addition of one 24&#34; extension.
It does the job of keeping the baby away from the stairs and the dog out of where she isn't allowed.
My husband said it was very easy to install.
The stay-open and auto-close features are great.
The gate is easy to open and close, but not so easy that our toddler can figure it outI'm quite happy with the gate, although I had to spend $250 to make it fit the bottom of my stairs.
Our lil'guy loves itWe bought this gate for a opening between our foyer and kitchen.
We ended up buying one extension and are very pleased!!!
It's great because you can bend it into whatever configuration you need.
I definitely recommend this gateWe bought two different kinds of Gates for our living room area.
We bought the Kidco Configure gate and the Kidco Elongate.The elongate was to cover an area of 84".
The elongate can only go straight across and opening.
It's extension are screwed together and have an overlap.
We are very disappointed in this purchase and wished we had bought two Configure gates.
Took us some time to screw the extension in and then to screw the supports in and then to mark it on the wall.
We almost did not buy it.
But it has two different size extension pieces and you can bend and configure it to the space you need.
We use it at the bottom of our stairs and it bows out to give you an area so that the gate is not up against the stairs.It was so easy to add the extension piece on.
It was very sturdy.I highly recommend this gateI love this gate!
We have a spiral staircase that continues for 3 floors and it was almost impossible to block off on the second level.
The entire system spans 72" and is very stable, even when my 1 year old shakes it.This gate is a great solution for difficult areas and is well worth the moneyIt's pricy, but very sturdy.
To open and close gate is little tricky though.
I purchased Northyard gate also.
I like it betterWe have two landings where we use these gates and they work really well for them.
The first one was a little tricky to install but the second was much easier to do.
I love the magnetic latch because I know the gate will close every time.
It can be difficult to open sometimes but I'd rather that than have it open too easily and have my child sneak throughWe've had this gate since late 2007 when our oldest started walking.
My larger friends due as well.We did buy another Hearthgate to section off our family room from the rest of the house and yes, the mounting screws are coming out of the walls.
but, I'd like to preface, that is because I didn't use drywall mounts to attach the gate to the walls.
Tomorrow, I'm headed to the hardware store for some drywall mounts.After all the gates we've been through, I still think this gate is the best.
Installation for both gates was a breeze.Customer service was great as well.
I installed it while kids were napping.
I purchsed the Kidco Configure Gate along with the extension and it fits perfectly and wraps around the area nicely and doesn't take up too much room.
The gate is crafted well, easy to install, and the peace of mind is well worth itI have this gate set up in two different parts of my house... one part as-is, and one part with two extensions.
The gate that that has no extensions is very durable, and easy to open, however there is a bar that goes across the bottom of the "door", and myself and my guests are always bumping bare toes on it...ouch!In the other part of my house, I have this gate with two extensions.
It's such a LONG gate, that there is no stability... the whole thing kind of sways, and my toddler finally was able to pull it out of the wall.
There aren't many gates out there that will let you cover such a wide room, though, and for that it was nice while it lastedThis is a great gate, and one of the few with the flexibility to accommodate non-straight spaces.
It's pretty sturdy, the kids shake it sometimes but it hasn't ever opened or torn from the wall.
The downside (or upside, depending on perspective) is that the gate is harder to open than the previous version.
The magnetic catch is handy for a quiet but easy close.
I got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy.
No regrets on the purchase.BTW, this gate works really well as a separate space for an older child to play.
We use it for my 3 year old to have a space on the main floor to play with toys without the baby able to interrupt.
Highly recommend for that purpose.
Looks ok, good if you have white for trim, but ultimately, its a baby gate and looks like oneWe have used several other gates to block off the stairs in our home and have been frustrated with them all.
It was easy and quick for my handy husband to install at the base of the stairs.
This feature is nice as our toddler can pull at the latch but can't lift the gate to open it by herself).
The gate is also fairly wide, allowing us to pass through it easily, even when carrying things.
The gate automatically swings shut, which is convenient, but will also stay open if opened to 90 degrees.
Would highly, highly recommend this gateThis kidco configure gate is worth every penny if you need to enclose and odd shaped space!
We needed to block off a hallway in our basement, but had uneven walls, and this gate works perfectly.
First, read through the entire instruction manual before you start.
The way the manual is structured, there are instructions in several languages in the front, and then reference pictures in the back.
If you read through the manual and flip back and forth until you understand the pictures before you start, it makes the installation go pretty smoothly.2.
It doesn't really affect the stability of the gate since it is anchored to the walls, but the flexing will go away if you angle each sectionOverall, this gate worked for enclosing our odd shaped space perfectly and I would highly recommend itI run an in-home daycare in a townhouse in addition to having my own young children.This gate is by FAR the sturdiest gate I've used and it is my absolute favorite.
I have 4 different baby gates.
We used it in a previous home to surround the fireplace but have it in use for keeping children in the playroom across a large doorway now.The gate is attractive, too!
I don't feel like I'm keeping the children "trapped" like with other gates.My only issue is that my oldest daughter figured out how to open the gate at the age of 2.
However, by then she understood and obeyed when I told her WHY she couldn't go through the gate.This gate is also taller than the average baby gate, which I love for my 12 month old climber.
First, the hinges on the gate which allow you to place the panels at an angle are not wonderful.
And if it breaks, you're out of luck with installing this gate.
Second, the mounting pieces for the wall are fixed position, at the top of every fence panel.
The wall mounts are not the same as shown in the Amazon picture, which is in the middle of the panel!
Third, this Kidco gate is clearly terribly overpriced.
Most people will have to buy extension gate panels to make this work and boy does the cost add up.
North States Gate needs to amp up their advertising though because it isn't quite clear that it can do the same as the Kidco Gate at a better price tooWe have used this gate since our oldest started moving around.
Now 3 years and another child later it is still functioning great!
It still looks and works as well as on day 1.We picked this for the top of our stairs so we could have a "landing" at the top.
We did not like other gates where you have to balance on the top stair, with a baby in your arms, to open or close the gate.It is easy to open, but not for little ones.
My 3.5 year old still cannot open this on his own.I would buy this same gate in a heartbeatWe have been using this system for about two months now.
We used 4-5 extensions as well.
We bought this new, and it was easy to set up.
Kidco is pretty easy to work with.
They sent me free "templates" for the wall and I bought some screws (for another gate).I LOVE this system.
The quality is great.
I recommend it and would purchase another if neededThis item was a LIFESAVER when I brought my son home from the hospital.
For anyone who has read Dr. Harvey Karp's book, The Happiest Baby on the Block, they will understand.
Once my son was bigger, I bought the Fisher Price Aquarium and that works well for older babiesWe have really enjoyed having this since my son was born.
We do not use the heartbeat or music setting, but he seems to like the other two settings which are more 'nature oriented.'
The waves and water sound horrible and my son never liked listening to the music or the heartbeat soundThe voice activated feature is great!
!And for what it offers, the price is very attractive.Four sounds, light, etc.
- you will be glad you bought it.Our daughter can't sleep without it nowMy daughter is now 11 weeks old, and we have used this since she was born.
We usually use the ocean sound, but once or twice we used the rainfall and she seemed to like that, too.
It's true that the lullabies sound mechanical, so we just don't use it.
We didn't buy it for music, anyway.
We wanted white noise to soothe her and block out other noises.We always use the voice-activated mode, and when we first put her down, we just go "shh" into it or snap fingers to start it, when it begins to play for about 15 minutes, and then whenever she cries.
We switched to rechargeables, and they seem to die even sooner -- but at least we can recharge them.
The unit runs through batteries even quicker if you use the night light -- even for only a few seconds to check on the baby.
My baby really liked the sounds and the night light was great for midnight feedings.
I only had it for three weeks when it stop working.
It didn't play music and light would not turn off.
It was nice to have at times, but our baby was never really addicted to it.
I used the sounds as background noise when she was an infant, but not all the time.
The light was very helpful.
I used that all the time for middle-of-the-night nursing sessions.
It is very dim, so it is not bright enough to realy wake up baby (or you!)
She loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.
The added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.
I love it and so does my son.
We have had it for over a year.
I like that the bottom of the ligs are removeable, the description doesn't say thatThis is a great crib so you wonder why I rated it 3 stars?
It is quite easy to put together and very sturdy with the wheels off but I never put them on so I wouldn't know how they are with them on.
But my son slept great in it.
It was a perfect temporary crib for our week vacation and I only used it for him to go to sleep in when I was laying on the bed right next to itThe first crib they shipped me was damaged in the shipment, so I asked them to ship another one...the second one was also damaged...I was able to take pieces from both to make a useable one...It is a great crib!
It folds up and can be rolled on it's wheels even when folded.
So I rate the item very high, but check out your product when you receive it because the FedEx guys really beat ours upIn the middle of a summer heatwave my husband and I were faced with either disassembling our 7 month old's huge crib and moving it into our air conditioned bedroom for a more comfortable sleep, or getting a portable crib which can also be used later in the year when Baby #2 is due.
We purchased this and are delighted.
This crib is light weight yet sturdy, nicely compliments any room, and is comfortable for our daughter for either sleep or play.
It handles easily and can roll between doorways with no problem.
All in all it's a fine item and priced well.
We'll get better use out of it when the second baby comes since we don't have lots of space to fit another full size cribI bought this because my daughter has hated the pack n play from day one.
When we decided to leave her with grandma for a few nights we knew we needed a crib.
This one is great because it is very sturdy.
The folding locks take a bit of getting used to, but they work well.
I bought portable crib sheets at Babies R Us and they work great.
My daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib and I think we will get a lot of use from it!
We can put it in our Suburban.
It would be nice if they made one that has sides that fold in half for storage, but no one does!
I love this cribI purchased this crib after my son grew out of his Graco travel lite crib (at three months).
My son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow.
It is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs.
We bought the malawi set for it, which looks adorable.
I am not sure how long he will fit into it, but I love its portability and how I feel there is no rush to move my happy 2 yr old out of his crib.
And its overall best feature is how you can roll it from room to room without taking it apartI bought this for my son.
He has been using it for the past 8 months with no problems.
I was surprised.
My son almost weighs that and I don't want to buy another table now.
Next time I will buy a more substantial one for more money that can be used longerI love this changing table.
It has ample room to change and dress the baby without any problems.
You may want to get a thicker changing pad though.
The table comes with a simple foam mattress, which is easily wiped off with a cloth.
We've been using it everyday for nearly 16 months, and still good as new.
No problems encountered at allI bought this for my 6 week old daughter because the price was nice and the table was attractive.
I tried to put it together and I could not figure it out!
My sister has the same table and her's is fine.
When they arrived, my husband and I set up the changing table first.
The changing table is a nice reddish oak, while the crib was very blonde.
Please be aware of the color differences if you are considering purchasing the setThis is a good solid dressing table.
It didn't help, they still shrunk.
They still work though, but the corners of the changing pad are crumched down.
Mine are attached to the bottom of the pad, so there is no need for any slits for them.
You might prefer covering the pad with a receiving blanket, so you can easily toss it in the washer with no worries when it becomes soiledthis changing cover has worked well with our changing pad helded up in the wash from so many poopie diapers...which is a nice pad along with our changing pad (which we whip clean before use and after use..over the pad its self (which sometimes my nephew sticks to without a oniez onI have had this from the day my daughter came home from the hospital and it has held up in the wash. No major accidents on it but the few there were are due to my not folding up the stinky diapers all the way or her spitting up.
Washes well and never shrunk for me.
If you are washing it on warm your water temp may be too high(hot water heater) so that may be causing it to shrink.
I love mine and it is softer now then first use and it is secure so she does not slide like when we tried a towel on the changing pad.Have had the same 2 since February and look like new.
Even when it's machine-dried, it's stiff and rough as if it were line-dried.The pad's safety straps stick out easily enough from under the edges of the cover, but since they are from the same manufacturer it really was poorly designedThe softness of this cover makes up for the fact that you have to stretch it a bit to fit your changing pad.
I had to buy a replacement part because the bottom part that screws on the base of the pump cracked from sterilizing (which it says you can do).
The entire system just isn't durable or made for much use.
Also, cleaning down into the bend of this pump thoroughly is practically impossibleMy son is three weeks old, and I am using this pump every day to express milk for his middle-of-the-night feedings.
But once you get the hang of it (give it 3-5 sessions to get used to it), it works great.
This requires me to stop momentarily but isn't a huge deal, just a minor annoyance.
And it seems that the more I get used to the pump, the less this happens.This morning, I was even able to hold my fussing baby on one arm while pumping with my free hand.
The spare parts were safe at home, and with a hungry boy on my hands I was in a predicament.
I am amazed by the comfort, control and power this little hand pump provides.
In addition, I enjoy the convenience of not having to be "plugged in" and the reduced amount of bottles to wash.
I found this pump to be great in a pinch, or for a weekend away.
It wasn't especially useful for the first few months because expressing was just not feasible yet without a hospital grade pump.
Now that it is, I love this pump.
My daughter still only drinks about 3-4 ounces at a time so I mainly use those.
I bought the disposable one because it came with the storage bags and the bottle to hold them.
The bags hold 7 and are very easy to thaw.
This breast pump is definitely worth the moneyI have been breastfeeding my son, since he was born, and now he is 9 months old.
As a first time mother, I always knew I wanted to breastfeed my child, but it was a lot harder for me than I thought it would be.
It was PAINFUL.
This pump is so comfortable, it really imitates the suckling action of the baby.
At first, all the parts might seem overwhelming, but when you put the pump together, it's a breeze and washes easily.
I chose the disposable system because I thought it would be more convenient if I traveled to take the pump, however, I find I use the reusable 4 oz bottles a lot more frequently.
Whether you're taking the pump on vacation,to work, to extract milk for an occasional bottle or to mix for cereal, this pump is a great buy.
Didn't make the matress any softerHad it not fallen apart after one wash, this would have been the perfect mattress pad.
I'm very glad I bought itThis was about as thick as his cozy baby blanket.
There was nothing &#34;UltraSoft&#34; or &#34;UltraThick&#34; about this mattress pad, if you could call it that.
As a mattress protector, it might be good.
As a quilted pad to make it softer- it's useless.
Guess I'll have to keep lookingWhen I opened the packaging I was appalled by the strong chemical smell of this mattress pad.
I bought this hoping that it would help replicate a pillow top mattress as my son has been co-sleeping with me and he has become accustomed to my mattress and I want to try to transfer him to his own bed.
I even tried it out by placing my son's mattress on the floor and lying on it myself, his mattress still feels hard as a rock!
Plus his mattress is a simmons beauty rest foam mattress with square corners, so it's slightly bigger than the average mattress and this pad still fits loosely on it, but I will add that a well fitted sheet seems to help fix this problem a little.
To give you an idea of the thickness of this pad it is just over the width of my pinky finger so about 1-2cmI own two of these mattress pads and I love them.
They help to make my extremely firm crib mattress a little cozier for my son.
They hold up very well in the wash and fit great over my Simmons mattress.
It is a little more expensive that other mattress pads, but in my opinion it is worth itThis fits our crib mattress tightly and keeps our baby from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
We didn't have a mattress pad with our son and he would wake up soaking wet from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
This pad is also not too bulky so it doesn't cause a safety concern.
Just make sure the pad fits TIGHTLY on YOUR crib mattress for safety's sake.
We have a Sealy Crown Jewel Mattress and it fits great on itUnlike many other pads on the market, this one is very soft and durable.
It holds up great to washing, fits my baby's mattress perfectly, and appears to be very cozy for my little oneI'm trying to get the toxic smell out of this mattress pad.
I've washed it 4 times so far and now I'm airing it outside.
It might make a difference in wetness protection but I don't imagine it could make much of a difference in comfortThis mattress pad is waterproof.
Not only that it is thick and fluffy, like a good quality mattress cover should be to add softness and quality of sleep to a bed.
It's QUITE a necessityThis fits well and is so soft.
I haven't found it to be the best with waterproofing, thoughFits the mattress well & Holds up well in the wash.
This was my solution and he seemed to love it tooI love it!
It keeps my sons mattress dry and it washes easily and comes out great.
He has peed through his sheets twice so we have washed it 3 times and it is still in as good condition as when we bought it the week before he was born 9 weeks ago.
They are correct!
Overpriced leaky bottlesThese worked good for about 3 weeks and they started to leak.
Well less tightening did not help.
I did not notice a change in my son's spitting up using these bottles, either.The downside of using the Avent system is that, once you commit, you're really committed - the bottles and bottle parts do not fit standard bottles and parts.
Who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and cryingthese bottles proved to be better than any other bottle.
its definately worth the price.
However, after a couple runs through the dishwasher and sometime just opening and reclosing the bottle, I haven't had the problems sinceI bought these bottles after reading reviews on them and have been pretty happy with them.
They have never leaked with me BUT I have never screwed the lid on too tightly.
You HAVE to remember that.
It is probably always helpful to test for leaks (when you test the temp of the milk) BEFORE you give it to the baby, just to make sure.I like the plastic they use.
It has always felt extremely sturdy.
They are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and I really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!
!I bought the newborn starter set and the infant set and together they are all I require for bottles and a breastmilk storage set!
!All in all I think they were a great buy and worth it.
I would use them all over again and would use avent with my next baby tooIn the midst of all of my bottle testing, I was against Avent, mostly because they do cost a bit more than most bottles.
I thought that I could test a bottle and cup, to see if Avent was really telling the truth when they said all the parts were interchangeable.
Well, they are.
They also have more nipple selections, depending on how fast your child drinks.One thing I wish Avent has was a design or something on the bottle.
I did find that if you buy the Evenflo Cool Pals 9 oz.
cup holder, these fit in them great.I would suggest only getting 2 packs of these, couple of Magic Cups with handles and some extra spouts (have at least 2 green ones and 1 white oneThese bottles are a good choice if you're breastfeeding, but have to introduce a bottle.
I also know of other moms who have used these for more than a year and no leaks either.
I have even taken the tops apart and put them back together and still no leaksMy wife chose Avent on recommendation from a friend and we glad we did.
These bottles worked perfectly for us.
They also fit right into Avent bottle warmer, which we also haveWanted to use the Avent line, but baby just wouldn't take this nipple.
Looks like a science lab...but baby switches easily from breast to bottleAvent bottles are not as great as all the write ups.
They allow to much air to enter the baby's system.
)6- the whole avent system makes for easy growing with the child- there are different nipples for different ages, including a sippy cup nipple.
Great.These bottles are great.
This is only when he doesn't screw the lid on correctly.
They are well worth the moneyI used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars.
I would be the first to tell you if they were not fixed just right they would leak.
After trying all others once again with my daughter I decided to use these.
Oh, wow, what a diffrence.
The new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar.
Then there is a lip that hugs the rim of the bottle to guard against leaks.
The REALLY great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content.
I tightened it as tight as I could and it didn't leak a bit.
The new nipples have the words "Extra Soft" on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom.
I like the bottles, they are made of a good quality material and they are wide, which made it really easy for me to mix formula in them.
So they just didn't work for my baby.
Go with the Dr. Brown's.
My kids actually ingested more air b/c of the nipple shape - they just couldn't get their mouths around the large base.Reasons I give 2 stars:-well-made-easy to cleanMy son is breast fed, but we have given him an occasional bottle.
I got them because of all the great things I heard about them.
No chance.
He hates them.
He now takes Gerber bottles, traditional and New TraditionsI had nothing but leakage problems with these bottles.
I contacted the company and they told me all these different tips of assembling the bottles that should stop leakage.
Luckily for me I was able to return the larger bottles.
When I returned the larger ones to Babies R US there were a lot of other returns as well.
I will give these to my daughters to play with their dolls.
WRONG.
Expensive does not always equal good.
I tried using these bottles when my baby was two weeks old, and the feeding session ended in complete frustration on mine AND my baby's part.
Even the newborn nipples are WAAAAAY too long for a newborn's mouth ( and my baby has a BIG mouth.
I thought maybe my baby was just having problems with taking a bottle, so I went and bought the Playtex VentAire.
They are NOT the "best" bottles to use while breastfeeding.
First of all, they have many different flows with their nipples, which is a huge plus in my book.
Avent has newborn stage 1, stage 2 (slow), medium (+3 months), and fast (+6 months), plus a tri-cut.
If you tighten ANY bottle too tight, it will leak.
She also prefers the wide-mouth shape and I know it gives her mouth the needed motion to widen her palatte (which is one of the reasons breastfeeding is recommended.)
Terribly.
And Avent knows it.
They will even replace your leaky bottles if you call 1800 54avent.
Buy Dr. Browns insteadI give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
I have had no problems, whatsoever, with AventWe have tried every bottle out there and like these the best for our newborn.
There are a few drawbacks.
The nipple flow is fast for a newborn.
Usually if you just unscrew and screw top back on, it stops leaking.
When I first had my daughter, we had to put her on a bottle a week after she was here to help me have time to heal.
The nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast.
I swear by these bottles ans will not change to any other bottles for herThese bottles are great.
Also, my son had no problems with colic.
I love these bottles.VARIABLE FLOW- There are several different grades of nipples.
I love that there are slow flow, medium, fast and then sippy tops.
They even have variable flow nipples so you don't have to buy three sets.
You can use these bottles from newborns to toddlers.
You can convert your bottles into sippy cups!!!
There are screw on handles and sippy tops you can buy.
Fabulous.
To me, this also justifies the costThese are the widest bottles that I have seen available.
They are well made and easy to assemble.
or discolouration of bottles.
They come with a whole range of accessories like handles and sippy cup teats for older babies and so will go from Day 1 right through to when you no longer need sippy cups.
What a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us.
They also hook up directly to an avent breast pump either the manual or electricThese bottles are absolutely fantastic!
They are so easy to use and they cut down on gas wonderfully.
I just cannot say enough good about them - well, here's an idea.
I have 8 of them!
The nipples can be a little pricey at times but check out the stores and babies rus - they're on sale at different times in the year and you can save about 15-20% on them.
Target puts them on sale as well.
The silicone nipples are so much nicer than the rubber ones on regular bottles, and if you nurse and use bottles as a supplement, these are the more like yourself so the baby has an easier taking it.
I received one in a gift set and my husband immediately ran out and bought a week's worth - they're just so much easier to use and they fit so well on the fridge shelves, plus those huge plastic caps that fit over the nipples are easy to remove and makes you feel like everything is cleaner.
Highly recommendHI, I HAD THESE BOTTLES BACK IN 2002 WHEN MY SON WAS BORN BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL GAVE THEM TO US TO USE TO FEED THE BABY.
I HAD NO PROBLEMS BUT WHEN I BOUGHT MORE WHEN I GOT HOME, I HAD NOTHING BUT LEAKY PROBLEMS!!!
I EMAILED AVENT 2 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME FIRST THAT I HAVE TO CALL THEM TO "TALK ABOUT IT" I SAID FORGET IT AND THEN I COMPLAINED AGAIN WHEN THE LEAKING KEPT HAPPENING.
THEY SAID THAT I WAS NOT PUTTING THE NIPPLE AND RING ON CORRECTLY.
THEY TOLD ME TO ONLY TURN THE RING UNTIL U FEEL IT JUST ATTATCH TO THE BOTTLE AND DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN.
I TRIED THIS AND YET AGAIN THE BABY WAS SOAKED!!!
MY POINT OF WRITING ABOUT THIS NOW IN 2005 WHEN I USED THESE BOTTLES IN 2002 IS THAT I CANNOT BELEIVE THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED YET!!!
WE THINK WE HAVE ANOTHER BABY ON THE WAY AND I KNOW THAT WE WILL NOT, NOT, NOT, BE GETTING AVENT BOTTLESAvent bottles have more BPA than any other leading brand.
BPA free brands include Born Free, Nurture Pure, MAM, Green to Grow, Baby Life and Adrini.
(For those that missed the news reports - BPA is a chemical found in some plastics that a recent National Institutes of Health report indicated may be harmful, especially to infantsWe bought this because this is a good brand to use.
I guess with everything to do with babies it's a case of trial and error to find what suits you and your baby.What I like about the bottles is that the wide opening makes them extremely easy to wash and easy to put formula in.
The Avent bottles are also very comfortable for me to hold and easy for my baby to grip on to as well.They suit us perfectly - give them a try and see what you thinkThese bottles are very finicky and if you do not put them together just right they will leak... not drip... POUR out all over the floor, and if it is breast milk that is gushing out of the bottle you may just be crying too!I ended up with a full set of these bottles (without the ring) and one that required the ring (which I felt leaked less), I could never justify going out and buy all new bottles, so I dealt with these for 11 months.
Well, the nipple has these three little lines on it and inside the screw on part there are solid parts and slotted parts (sorry if this doesn't make sense).
You have to line up the lines on the nipple with the solid parts on the bottle top.
Once you have them lined up, now screw on the top.
You have to make sure it is nice and tight.
wish i had bought them in the first place (i started out with the playtex nurser system).
they may be pricy compared to other bottles, but, you don't have to buy liners for these bottles.
this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helpsI have tried five different types of bottles and these are horrible.
Crappy quality control.
5 stars for avent, -5 stars for sellerI loved these bottles.
No leaks, nada one.
I also was able to attach these to the ISIS breast pump.
I only use these for baby water now, since I use larger bottles.
5 starsIn 2000 when my first son was born, I bought the Avent bottles to go with my Isis breast pump (which I LOVE) because everyone raved about how they were the best.
The first time my son tried the bottle with a newborn nipple he couldn't get anything to come out.
These bottles worked out relatively well after that dilemma.
With me second son I assumed I would use the bottles again and tried the newborn nipple with the opposite result.
The one slight annoyance with the system, you have to place the ring on the lids directly on top of the nipples; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.F.Y.I.
- I purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three months old as recommended, but nowhere in the product information does it tell you that you are supposed to line-up the Roman numerals of the nipples directly in line with your baby's nose to adjust the flow.
This makes sense of course, but I had to call the 1-800 number to discover this 'little' detailI had and hated the VENTAIR!
The placement on the babys face with the nipple is perfect tooI decided to breastfeed my second son,when that didn't work out, I used playtex nursers.
THESE WORKED WONDERFULLY!
No more buying and changing liners (which by the way would always break even if i was being VERY careful when i "burped" the bottle...its hard enough to burp baby without trying to BURP a bottle!
And I rarely had to change the nipple which hold up very well to repeated dishwashings!
Every baby is different, though, but if you have a baby that tends to want to eat quickly, these won't work so wellMy daughter was born 3 & 1/2 weeks early and had to stay at the hospital for a week, she was lazy at the breast but did great with these bottles which came highly recommended by a friend.
I like them because the wide mouth makes it easy to fill and clean.
The nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby.
However, the bottle is nice and durable.
The nipple and caps fit snug.
You can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.
I like that.
My daughter doesn't get a bottle often, but when she does this in one of the types I useBoth bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
We tried and used both bottles with our boy.
The real deal between the two is the nipple.
The nipple on Avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the Brown bottles.
When we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the Avent bottles.
He just couldn't get comfortable around the nipple.
As he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the Avents.
Cleaning Dr. Brown's bottles SUCKS!
Plus, the Brown bottles are thinner but taller and just don't seem to pack away as well.
However, if your baby is picky there isn't much you can do.
Buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable withI've only tried the 9oz bottles and they leak for me alot.
They also make alot of noise when my son eats.
And he doesn't like the nipple, it's too thick for him to get a good suction.
They are just the best.
Avent makes a great manual breast pump, but they need to put a better bottle on the marketI like the bottles.
Have only had trouble with leaking a few times when I had the cap to tight.
You just have to take off the lid and start over.
Good systemThe Avent bottles are great if you breastfeed, but I would caution you not to put them in your dishwasher.
All of my 9oz bottles have cracks in them because of the dishwashing detergent (according to Avent).
On any account, Cascade and Avent both recommend using a gentle, not antibacterial soap on these bottles.
If you notice star like cracks on your bottles call Avent's customer serviceTHEY HAVE A GOOD QUALITY FOR THE PRICE, IN MY COUNTRY THE BUTTLE AVENT ARE SO EXPENSIVE, I LOVE TRADE AVENTThese bottles are Great!
I highly recommend this collection of bottlesEver since the day my daughter got home from the hospital she has been using the Avent bottles.
For a few days even the Stage 1 nipples were a little too fast for her, but she got used to it.
She loves the nipple shape which is so much like my breast.
In all actuality i like the bottle, but my little Aliya loves it.
After introducing her to Avent she rejected most other bottles, she wouldn't even take the new Ventair bottles.
A great productWe recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from Avent.
When I opened the first package I was amazed at how stiff the nipples were that are included with these bottles.
It isn't great for infants that are nursing...My daughter had a fit when i tried to feed her.
Not only was she gagging, but she just didn't like the nipple.
I used the playtex nurser bottle and she loved it.
Especially if we are out for a big event and the boys are dressed nicely.
I hate these bottles and plan to switchI bought these bottles before my daughter was born and have never regretted it.
I have NEVER had a problem with the bottles leaking and my baby is very happy.
She loves drinking from the bottles and refuses to drink from any other bottle.
These bottles are greatI absolutely love ALL Avent products... their bottles, bottle-warmer, pacifiers, etc.Both of my boy used the Avent bottles, and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one.
These bottle seem virtually indestructible to me, and haven't discolored with age of anything.
The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.
So, I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants.
Maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we'll pull out the Avent bottles again, but for now, we aren't using anything except Playtex VentAireI went through 4 different bottle systems (and a lot of $$) - and I'm sticking with Avent.
well 2 weeks into using them i threw them out the window.
They also did not keep my daughter from being gassy.
I was not a big fan of these bottles and neither was my daughterThese are the best bottles ever!
My baby gets very little air in her belly since we started with these bottles.
They are heaven sent - my baby has a full happy little tummyI am breastfeeding currently but I do like to leave the house every so often.
When I get the chance I'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the Isis pump.
I love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this.
I just wash all the parts as directed using regular dish soap and then sterilize all the parts using the Avent sterilizer.
That too is convenient and easy to use.I would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work.
Yes, they cost more than most bottles, but if you can afford that little extra you will be very pleased with the resultsEveryone I know has registered for Avent bottles and generally found success.
The shape is handy and comfortable, the pieces easily fit together, and the bottle travels well.
I knew from the beginning not to tighten them too hard, but even so, we have had problems.
It just goes to show there is not perfect bottle or stroller for that matter out thereI admit it: I am impressed with Avent bottles!
They are easily one of the baby products capable of handling extremes without a blink.
Do this with your average bottle a few times and be ready to say bye-bye to them, but Avent bottles hold on strong and in the process also happen to offer the best bibs in the market (the ones that best mimic the nipple, thus giving your baby the least gas, if you feed the bottle perpendicular to his/her mouth).
No wonder they've been voted among the best baby products for several years in a rowMy daughter liked the nipple but got to much air.
I tried these and the Dr. Brown but ended up going back to Playtex Nursers(I used these with all my other kids) I wouldnt recommend theseI bought a bunch of these bottles because many people have recommended them to me.
He wears himself out sucking on them.
I finally switched to the gerber comfort hold bottles which he loves.
I know alot of people love them, but my son doesnt.
They do leak on occasion for me, usally when I do not have the top screwed on right.
This always worksThese bottles just didn't work for my baby.
We tried and tried for 3 and 1/2 months to get my baby to take these bottles but it just didn't work.
My baby is mostly breastfed, and is only given a bottle occasionally, so I didn't give up on these bottles right away, just thinking that he wasn't used to the bottles and that's why he was having a tough time.
My mom babysat and she has raised nine kids, all who were bottlefed, so she is an expert.
She said to me that the baby just really can't use this nipple.
He couldn't latch on right and all the milk would spill out the sides of his mouth.
I went out and found a nipple that was closest to his pacifier that he loves.
I found Gerber Nuk nipples, got four of them for about $4 and bought Especially for Baby bottles for a whopping $2.99 (you get 3) and my baby LOVES them!!!!
He takes the nipple right away and finally the bottles are emptied in no time.
What a relief.
I am sure Avent is good for some babies, but not mine, even after months of "training".
The only leaking was from my son's mouth when he couldn't latch on properly.
I would have tried Dr Browns but it looks like their bottles have the same nipples as Avent, too hard and not good for my baby.
Expensive isn't always betterWonderful bottles, as our daughter won't use anything else.
If you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues.
But if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries.
I have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with Avent.
If you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get Avent.
Only way to goWhen breastfeeding, these are highly recomended.
Well, sometimes that works and sometimes it dosen't.
Sometimes these bottles will taunt you.
I was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.
And it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.
I love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.
These bottles are greatI choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them.
After my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him.....
Otherwise, they are perfect.
(His mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth, like the breast.)
I also use (and love) the Avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple.
One of my daughter's had severe reflux and used the variable flow nipple so that she could have cereal in the bottle.
Avent is the only bottle company that offers this specific type of nipple, which was a life saver.
I tried using the Soothie bottles with my other daughter, because they were cheaper and she has no signs of reflux and I figured what the heck.
Wrong decision!
She ended up with a soaked face and bib every time.
So I switched back to the Avent bottles.
Feedings are now mess-free and pleasant!
As for the leaking issue, people should just take the time to read the directions.
The nipple ring just needs to be tight enough for the nipple to grab the bottle and seal.
They work great and are very durable.
If you use the bottle correctly there are no leaks and it is very simple.
They also work wiht the Avent Isis Breast Pump.
My sons will only take to the "natural" nipple, and avents got it!
The flow is not too fast, nor is it too hard to get it to come out!
The available covers work nicely for carrying them and making sure the nipple is sanitary.
They also are great for the "Magic Cups", those are sippy cups with a soft spout that are no-spill, (made by Avent), my 2 1/2 year old uses them and I dont have to buy a whole set of sippy cups because that top fits on any avent product!
These bottles also fit very well in almost any cup holder (unlike the playtex) and greatly reduce my little ones gassy problems.
I love these bottles, and the ventair is second, but a VERY far second, Avent is deffinatly much much better and actually do what they say they do, REDUCE GAS!
What a lifesaverI am breastfeeding but feel the need to have a back up plan in case I need to leave so I tried the Avent bottles on the recommendation of my sister.
My 5-month old daughter took right to them.
They are the best!
Now I can be assured that she will be able to eat without me thereMy baby never wanted to take them, or when he did, he looked like he was going to choke (even with the newborn nipples!
The Evenflo nipples were cheaper and betterWhen my daughter was born we stocked up on these bottles because we heard they were good and the price alone would make you think that.
Well after using them for about 2 weeks they started to leak.
Not only do you have to clean up but your baby doesn't want to wait for a new bottle.
After slowly running out of bottles that didn't leak we decided to go with the Playtex Nursers and liners.These work perfect!
But the other Avent things we have like the sterilizer, warmer, & many other products work just perfectly and would recommend all of them!
So if you want to give these bottles a try because they do get some great reviews then just buy a few at first.We had no luck with the avent bottles but that doesn't mean they are all bad.
I just had to give a warning so you don't lose a lot of money like we didThese bottles are just okay.
For my next baby I will not be using theseI used these bottles with my son and loved them!This bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others I tried out.
He took right to them as a newborn and I didn't have to encourage him like I had to with others.The wide mouth is so nice and makes them so much easier to wash.
As my son got older, I had other bottles I would use for him, but he always preferred the Avent ones.I never had problems with leaking like I had read about, so I don't know much about that.
But there was absolutely no leaking here!There is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well, including sterilizers and breast pumps.
Everything was compatible with my Avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.I am pregnant with my second and Avent is all I am going to buy for herI absolutely love these bottles!!
I have also never overtightened the bottles!!
I love how they are designed.
Because of their width, my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months!!
I also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!
They are also EXTREMELY easy to clean!
And they are interchangeable!!
My daughter has also never had colic!!
I LOVE EM!!!
I LOVE EM!!!
I LOVE EM!!!
I also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectlythese dont require that extra ring to make it leak proof.
i had the originals and they work great too but i like the big capacity but not big size of these.
they will leak out of the nipple if it is upside down so if your baby feeds themselves, watch that they dont drop it and wedge it somewhere upside downupdated review***** i love avent NATURALLY bottles and trusted that is what i was getting when i looked at all 12 customer photos.
and the oz numbering on these reg bottles is the kind that will scratch and rub off easily.
so disappointed that i now have to return theseI love these bottles.
As for the leaking issue, it is Not the bottle, it's the user!Bottle use de-mystified: you MUST make sure that the top of the bottle and its threads are DRY and the flange of the nipple on the inside is dry as well.....then when you tightly screw on the cap it should make a soft squeak sound that perfects the seal.
Needless to say, the milk just ran down our baby's chin every time.
Our baby hated the bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.
We switched to the Platex NaturalLatch and now she takes a bottle.
Baby switches between the bottle and breast now, no problemI like the nipple flow on these bottles for my newborn, as well as the small bottle size, but I found that the nipple only vented air back into the bottle properly about 50% of the time.
The rest of the time, my baby would nurse until the pressure was too great, de-latch, and air would flood into the bottle through the nursing holeI found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck.
I then ran out and got the Munchkin Tri-flow.
You can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!Munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the Avent bottle.
For those experiencing leaks, it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly.
I have had no problems using these bottles, and yes I have experienced an occasional leak which I notice while I'm shaking the bottle because I have not screwed the cap on properly.
These are well worth the price paid.
I have tried both Dr. Brown's and Playtex VentAire and find the Avent products to be superior to both of these.
They are leakproof, and come in a 2 pack just as the replacement nipples do.
I have found them in Toys R Us, since my local Babies R Us does not carry them.
I've tried all of the suggestions, but have had no success in making the bottle leak proof.
I've had to go out and buy different bottles with nipples I don't like as much just so that I don't have the messAvent bottles are one of the best out there.
Handy and easy to clean.
They protect your baby from getting gas while he eats.
But if your baby is really gasy and has colic, I recomend you the Dr brown bottles.
I suggest you buy or register for both (avent and dr brown)so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent, and if not, you use dr brown (at least for a while).
You will notice the difference in a few weeks.
But I most tell you avent work very well with gasy babies, so if you dont want to invest too much money in bottles, avent will do greatthese are wonderful, they were recomended by a friend of mine and i have no regrets.
no other bottle compites with aventWe think these bottles are very durable and easy to use.
The markings didn't come off in the dishwasher, even after repeated washings.
Also, Avent makes a long-spouted sippy top that fits on these bottles.
Using this helps switch from bottle to cupWe've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great.
We've had no problems with leaking, and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the #1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby, since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you.
I love Avent bottles and so does my daughter.
Easy to assemble, wash and use.
My daughter likes the easy to latch on nipple and I like being able to purchase faster flow nipples as needed.
Good quality bottles, don't leak and have easy to read oz./ml.
measurementsA lactation consultant recommended these bottles to me.
I bought one to make sure my baby liked it before buying more.
I feel my baby doesn't swallow as much air.
I also like the idea of the different sized nipples to adjust the flow.
I have only used size 1 because we need her to slow down; she eats to fast and gets a tummy ache.These bottles also fit perfectly in my bottle warmer (the first years) excellent choiceI was told that Avent bottles were the bottles to get and they were the only ones I ever gave to my son.
I was very pleased with them right off, so I never bothered to try any others.
He took the nipple right away and did not have any nipple confusion during the time I was both nursing and giving him a bottle.
I have not had any problems with leaking.
The wide mouth makes the bottles very easy to clean.
I just use a bottle brush with warm, soapy water, then put the bottle, nipple and ring in my Avent steam sterilizer (which I love).
I have been using the bottles for seven months now and they are still in great shape.I have a friend who said her baby would not take the Avent nipples.
Since Avent bottles are not universal and can't be used with other brands of nipples and rings, you may want to keep this in mind before you spend much money on a lot of them.I think that most babies start eating more than 4 ounces during their second month, so you probably won't need many of this size.
I had seven bottles and that was the perfect amount for us.
Although my son uses the 9 ounce bottles now, I still use some of the 4 ounce bottles to mix and store formula that I add to his cerealI have been using nothing but these bottles for the first 6 months of my baby's life.
Yes they WILL LEAK if you don't pull the nipple all the way through.
But that is an easy fix!
I never had an issue with my baby falling asleep during a feeding or the flow being too fast.
I attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.Also these can be converted to sippy cups.
They are very durable as well and so easy to clean.
I threw all the other bottles I got as a shower gift right out in the trash - my baby will not drink from themI really like this pump.
EVERY bottle I have leaks.
I pull up on the nipple and roll it around clockwise to make sure it's in there right, then I use a rubber gripper and tighten the crap out of it so it won't leak.
What a PAIN!
My doctor told me to pump to stimulate my milk production which was coming in slowly.
I was skeptical about the price, but it's totally worth it if you want to be able to use a pump on a regular basisI bought this pump mainly because were always out and about.
When my daughter was first born she was re-admitted to the hospital at 3 days for jaundice.
The bottles that comes with it are ok.
I don't recommend Avent bottles for feeding but for storage they're perfect.
These bottles can go from pump, to fridge/freezer, to warmer, to bottle with not problem.As for the pump, once you get used to assembling it its a breeze.
It's also VERY comfortable to use with or without the &quot;petals&quot;.
All I had to do was pump for about 5 min on each side and it was instant relief and baby latched on better.I highly recommend this pump for everyone.
It's comfortable, efficient, whisper quiet, and easy to clean and put together.
A must haveThis is a great pump... forget about spending over $60 on something you are not sure you are going to use too much... NOT TO MENTION - now that I use this pump daily - I am still happy I did not spend the $260 for the 'Mack-daddy&quot; - this is comfortable and fast and easy to work withMy daughter was in the NICU the first day of her life, and then the special care nursery the next few days, so I had to use the hospitals electric medela dual breast pump to express milk.
It HURTS my nipples.
My friend got me this Isis breast pump kit and I tried it.
I LOVE it!
I used it since my daughter was about 2 weeks old.
It takes me 10-15 minutes and I can express 5 ounces with this pump!
I LOVE IT!Oh, and it is virtually silent so I can pump one breast as I breast feed my daughter on the otherI mostly use the Ameda electric, but used this on a weekend trip and was very pleased with the milk volume.
It is a little higher maintenance to clean, but I still recommend itIt's a great manual pump, but it's just a manual pump after all.
It's also great for occasional home use or for women who need to leave the house with a pump every once in a while.
I'm giving it 4 stars because I don't think it should be advertized for use at a full time jobThis is a great pump.
I haven't had any issues with it.
While I love the pump I am not happy with the Avent Bottles.
They can leak easily if you over or under tighten the bottle.
Let me tell you at three in the morning you dont' want to worry about that stuff.
I recommend the pump but not their bottles.
Luckily, I have an awesome boss, who allows me all the time I need to pump..
If I could, I would purchase an electric pump, because as my baby grows, I don't see how I'd be able to catch up to her growing appetite using this pump, and not spend my whole day in the bathroom pumping.
On the plus side.. all the litle extras it came with are great, and the case is discreet and keeps the bottles cold for a few hoursI am a first time mother and a stay at home mom.
I only recieved this pump - no electrical one and I wanted 2 diiiiie!
I wanted 2 diiiie I tell you..
I would finish pumping and da baby would be getting up for a feeding... NOooooo!
I NOW know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby.
My milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) I am still nursing and again the manuel pump and I did NOT have a good relationship.
We started off badlyI read all the reviews on this pump but still wasn't convinced about buying this pump.
I asked a lactation consultant what kind of pump she'd recommend and she recommended Avent and Medela.
I'd recommend this pump over Gerber though.
I will give it credit though, it's a lot easier to take apart and cleanThis isis breast pump set is great.
Besides that, its very conviencent to use and easy.
I'm back to work full time and it has been working very well for me.
I started pumping at about 3 weeks, and was very fustrated at first.
It was tricky to figure out the timing and how much suction to use to get a good let down and milk flow.
After a few calls to the Avent customer service line (who were wonderful, very helpful and patient), I was getting much better results.
3) it's easy - not only to pump with but assembly and cleaning are a breeze.
Also the realm of accessories available is impressive.
Avent has thought of every possible need you may haveI am sold on the Avent Isis Breast Pump--it works great for me.
But I was a stay at home mom and just used the pump to express every now and then.
I had the Evenflo electric pump for my first child--now that one was very uncomfortable--it felt like it was sucking the life out of you.
I still nursed my first child for 13 months but not exclusively--he got both breastmilk and formula.Now, I am on my 3rd child.
I figured after having such an easy time breastfeeding my 2nd child, it would be a piece of cake the 3rd time around.
Well, it wasn't.
But I did not want to give up breastfeeding, so I purchased another one of the Avent Isis Breast Pump, because I wanted to help increase my milk supply.
It worked and I got to breastfeed again exclusively--my baby wasn't getting frustrated anymore because my milk supply increased.
I was able to express some before I left so she would have some breastmilk along with formula supplement while I was gone.
And because it is manual, I was able to express whenever and whereever I needed to.
Thanks AventAlthough I haven't been using this pump for very long, I've been able to get very good results.
Of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners.
It is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along.
I also have an electric pump but prefer this pump when I am home during the day.
I find that I can more quickly get it ready and am able to pump one side as soon as my baby is finished nursing on the other side.
I definitely recommend having a manual pump, even if you plan on or already have an electricIf you are only going to be pumping once in a blue moon, then this is a great pump for you.
Never used this Back to Work pump more than twice after using hers!
Why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).
With our next child, I will definitely be buying electricBeing a stay-at-home Mom, I don't need to pump frequently, but when I do pump, this item is terrific!
Easy to use.
I'm able to pump a 4 oz.
It works better for me without it.
Easy to clean and case makes storage easyI borrowed this breast pump from my sister and it is awesome!
I have tried them all and this one is great.
I am only expressing twice a day so it is easy to clean!
What a great investmentThe Avent pump in this kit is very good.
There are better bottles out there too, that keep the baby from getting too much air.
Instead of the Avent bottles, I have started using the Playtex nurser system - which means I pump into the Avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the Playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with Avent).
I actually think the Isis may have been more comfortable.
The cushioning made the pump very comfortable.
I highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.Follow-up: My youngest daughter is now six weeks old and I still love this pump.
You just have to make sure to keep the pump perfectly upright.
I emailed Avent and they emailed me back and had some great tips (great customer service, by the way!).
It takes talent, I tell you!
In those instances, I'd definitely recommend it!
I have an Ameda Purely Yours as well, and overall, I'd suggest paying the extra money and get an electric if you're working or having to pump full time, or you just want more convience.I hope this review helps, as I wanted it to be my best, considering all the experience I've had with so many pumpsI received this as a shower gift and boy am I thankful!
I wanted to continue breastfeeding, and this has helped me do just that.
Maybe because my nipples are toughened up now.
Awesome all the way aroundTwo of my friends used this one daily and recommended it to me.
One of them went back to work and bought Medela just for pumping at work.
Before this I used it 1-2 times a day to pump a ounce or so foremilk for 6 weeks, and it works very well for me.
All the parts are sturdy.
Just be careful with the little white valve when washing the parts, without it the pump won't work.
There's even a non-transparent drawstring pouch for storing breastmilk-filled bottles in the common fridge at work where everyone keeps their lunches!
The included bottles, nipples etc represent extra values.I'm extrememly pleased with this Avent product and have also bought Avent Microwave Express Sterilizer in which the ISIS pump parts can be sterilzed.Jan 3,2003: I've been working full time and nursing for the past 4.5 months using Isis exclusively.
I'm so happy to report that it's been working great for me without any problems at all.
My now 6.5 month old daughter is at a healthy 65 percentileI love my Isis.
A friend bought it to me as a gift and I use it everyday.
But after my production started, the pump started to work perfectly.
Highly recommendedit's THE best item you can buy!
practical, easy to carry, easy to store.maybe, it should come with 3 9oz bottles and 1 4oz, instead of 2 and 2; becuase babies rapidly start needing more and more...also all mags that come with these items are great, with great tips, some of them are not even included in m. stoppard's book!
very useful.i STRONGLY recommend this itemIt can be difficult to get started with this pump.
Once you achieve letdown it's great but it can take 10-15 minutes to get there.
It worked great.
When I later found the petal cushion, and tried it - the pump did not work as well for me.
I think it has something to do with your size and the suction as to which works best.
Anyway, the pump is fine for a bottle, I only use it once in the day, but during the pumping time it will lose it's suction or you have to get it on just right before it will really get the milk quantity you want.
(the bottle, and the other screwed on piece to the pump.)
With it I can express milk discreetly and quickly.
I have never used an electric pump so I can't compare but if you are looking for a manual pump this one is perfectMine just didn't work with this pump.
This one is the best.
It has two different sized adjustable arms so that you can arrange it to suit your needs.
I like the size because it isn't huge butcan dry several bottles.
Holds the items well, easy to put them on.
Wish it could fold up and fit in the cupboard when we aren't using it, then would give it 5 starsThis is small, sturdy, and great for the price.
It takes up minimal space on the counter yet holds all my bottle pieces and accessories and then some.
I would recommend this over some of the fancier ones.
It does the job wellI wanted a small rack to dry my granddaughters bottles and accessories - and this works nicely.
Just what I wantedSticks well and comes with a bunch of additional adhesive stickersProtects heads from sharp corners well enough.
Little fingers are eventually able to figure out that it's fun to pull off though.
Just needs to be re-tapedThis a necessary item.
I hated to have to cover my coffee table and have my house look baby proof(I even avoided it for a while) but after two big bumps i bought this item.Its easy to install and I like that I could cut it to the size i needed.
It came with the corners which is great.
The tape it uses is perfect because it really stays put.
My baby has tried to pull at it and it doesn't come off.This color is light enough that doesn't call too much attention in my living roomI have purchased what feels like 100 ft of this stuff to protect my son who is quite a climber and runner.Overall I would say this is the best stuff but loses on star because sometimes that double sided sticky tap doesn't stick right.But you can't go wrong and should buy this to give yourself some piece of mindThese edge guards come in handy in a number of places.
The variety of colors is also nice to try and match various types of furniture or hazards.
I've deployed them in some areas for my own protection too ...
I've stubbed my toe one too many times on my bed leg in the dark heading to change a diaper ... put a piece on each corner, and saved several swear words as a result!They've saved the day in several spaces:- Fireplace hearth (even on uneven red brick they stick well)- Underside of dining room table edges and corners- Edges of dressers and furniture- Edges of bedpostThey include 3M adhesive that sticks very well.
My only complaint is that they provide the adhesive in strips rather than a roll.
For best grip you need to put it on each side of the inside &#34;L&#34; of the protectors.
A roll would be much faster to applyI have only owned this for a few days but I love it so far.
It's very cushion-y and very soft.
It comes with a bunch of different sizes of tape as well.
Its double sided and seems to be holding upSo easy to install too!
I did the corners first so it was easier.
You have enough tape for every square inchI would have been okay with just the table corners.
There was no way the table guard was going to work around my glass table even with the tape included though.
It's for a much thicker table and my glass table was too thin.Also, my niece is still crawling so the guard wasn't necessary.
Even when she stood up, she couldn't reach the table and she was safe as houses in her booster seat and high chairThis item, it is so good.
it protected my 10 month old son from many bruises.
It is very helpful to have it on the sharp edges.
I wanted to tape all the corner of my houseworked great for a few weeks but living in a hot humid climate the seals eventually loosened up.
It was easy to put on & has been very durable, despite the best efforts of my very active 1 year old!
Currently it uses 3M tapes, which is okay but over time a child's curiosity will grow they will pick on it and over a period of two months of picking it may come off.
But they give you plenty of 3M tapes, so you can put it together againEasy to apply, stays on, and is perfectly cushioned for protecting little heads (and also great for teething!)
Make sure your table is clean, you might even want to go over the edges with rubbing alcohol.
That's not what it's made for.
We love this, and highly recommend itWith an adventurous and slightly clumsy baby, these have gone a long way towards avoiding bruises and bumps while she learns to walk and run.
The ability to cut the padding and included double sided sticking tape with scissors make it easy to pad sharp furniture edges of all lengths.
However there are a couple of things we have found that help us optimize its usage.
We learned to make sure the ends of any piece were very well stuck down and didn't jut out otherwise our baby would pick at them and start peeling off the padding - to avoid this, it helped to put double-sided tape all the way to the end of the piece on both inner edges.
Also we didn't use the precut edges because we found that our baby managed to rip them off pretty easily and then tried to eat the backing tape.Just be aware that if your baby is teething, the spongy texture of the padding makes it tempting for them to bite on.
For now I just wipe them down several times with hot water and dry well or try to put other more tempting teethers within reachThe instructions that came with this are terrible.
The diagrams are really tiny and have no labels.
Very soft and easy to place.
My daughter stood up to it and but a chunk off the day after we put it upThis is pretty simple to put in place and not too much of an eyesore as childproofing goes.
I'd recommend itI like it.
It is nice.
It sticks nicely.
and soft.
Doesn't come unstuck like the crappy clear one I tried before.sticks to my wood coffee table and glass trim on tv stand.Haven't tried to take it off yet so I don't know what that's going to be like but it was def worth itI bought thisPrince Lionheart Table Edge Guard with 4 Corners, Greyin hope of protecting my son from bumps on our coffee table.
My son is 10 months and is full blown running so it was time.
So i improvised.
We measured the foam and cut accordingly to make it a tight fit.
we then attached the corner pieces to the cut out parts using gorilla glue and then clear packing tape to re-enforece the hold.
finally we put it on the table, it has just enough give to put on and off but not enough that LO will pull it off easily and huge plus for us...no damage to our pottery barn table!
once i get so me photos i will attach but for the moment it is serving its purpose and we are very happy!
We decided to get the edge guards.
The are soft and fit perfectlyGreat Idea and has helped out alot as our son seems to always be bumping his head on stuff in the near vicinity of him.
However the glue on this device could be a little stronger because soon after applying it to what ever you need it on, our son figured out how to pull it off and now it won't stay onI used this product on our fireplace to cover up the sharp edges but it doesn't stick very well to natural stone.
Other than that it looks great and helps protect my baby from injuryI just put this up yesterday and was glad I did.
My daughter been using the coffee table to pull her self up to stand and also been crawling through it to play with the stuff underneath.
Just right after I put it on she was doing that!
She even bumped her head on the edge!
Thank god this was on so she was fine!Not sure how it would work on a walking/running baby into corners/edges.
But this seem to be doing well.
It's nice and thick.The tape that came with it isn't that sticky though.
It makes it easy to stick and restick back on so you get it on good.
because I can't seem to get a STRAIGHT edge using a scissorVery cushioned.
I'm not wild about the brown color, but this is a case where the safety and thick soft material outweighs my aesthetic sense.
It really blends in at the same time that protects my son from the sharp corners.
Also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib raillingThis edge and corner set is a great value.
We started with just corners and found we missed a lot of other dangerous areas, including a knee-high tall toy chest with thick drawers.
This set was perfect to secure the entire thing.
It was easy to trim and apply.
I prefer the gray to the chocolate for lighter woods.
Its sort of a cement tan color.
Its very dense foam, so if you press down pretty hard you still wont feel sharp edge.
There is a balance there that you have to have.
You can't have everything.
You can't cover everything, but we have to make an effort since our 10 month old is scooting around now.
And we haven't had to remove any to see if it hurts our furniture.
It doesn't make the furniture look great by any means, but it is what it is.
I care more about the safety than the aesthetics of my furniture.
The padding should be sufficient to stop minor bumps and bruises.
Neither was a HUGE deal to us, but I could see this mattering to people wanting to match their furniture moreWe have used this edging and corners on several pieces of furniture.
However, our son just started pulling the trim off so we have had to replace the adhesive a few times.
Overall a good productThe title says it all...the edges of the bumpers were very tempting for my daughter to peel every chance she got.
I've tried goo gone to no avail.
If anyone has any tips how to get the tape off, which is coated with random pieces of foam from the old bumpers, I'd love to hear them.
It sticks really well- we'll see how it holds up over time- and the color looks great against my taupe tile.
It really doesn't look cheesy at all.
This stuff gives a perfect fit since it's cut to fit.
They are certainly installed firmly enough that my toddler daughter will not be able to pull them off, and that was the whole point.
The only reasons I knocked off a couple stars are:1.
The installation tape comes in pre-cut strips, so you have to use several of them.
It would have been better if they sent a roll of the double sided tape instead.
The foam strip develops something of a shape memory from being rolled up in the package, and by the time you get to the center of the roll, you really have to fight against that curved shaped to install the tape and get the strip installed on the table in a straight manner.
There were no directions included.
It was the greatest feature of our family room until we had a baby.
if this wasnt on our fireplace.
We've also used it on some other wood furnture and it works wellSticks amazingly well and cushions nicely.
Also, the foam is a bit stretchy, so your measurements don't have to be exact.
While it's true that the tape won't last forever, it is also true that it won't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently.
Simply apply more double-sided tape when the adhesive breaks down.
I'm not sure if he ever really hit his head on the table but if he did, we either missed it or it didn't hurt - thanks to the bumperGood quality but it only covers the top part of the corner so it is still dangerous for baby to get upI purchased this for the breakfast nook around my marbel countertop.
However, they seemed to stay on tight when I applied the tape to the top and bottom on the inside of the foam.
I just started with one corner edge, measured the long foam piece, and then cut the foam with scissors (just alittle bit longer then what I though I needed.
The guards are great because we have a fake stone fireplace so the edge is much more uneven than brick, but the guard works great.
It is not really thick enough or wide enough.
Corners are a joke.
Just keeps coming offLove the ease of use, color, and cushions very well for my clumsy baby.
I have it guarding edges of my glass TV stand and it works greatWe purchased these edge guards just to be cautious but, once my son became mobile, we were thankful for these edge guards.
Our son has clipped his chin, run around corners and hit his head and even bit the sides of the furniture when teething.
What a great baby proofing itemWe bought 2 sets, used on window sill, formica edges and corners, and along mirrored wall edges... we suggest not putting tape in guard but putting on the surface first, then slowly rolling the guard over the tape in a straight lineI got this set to edge our stone hearth, and the color is a nice neutral beige/taupe.
The seams blend nicely together where the corners and straight pieces meet, and its discreet and doesn't scream &#34;BABY PROOFING!&#34; Highly recommendedWe used these with my first daughter and bought them again for the 2nd.
They stick well and are very helpful with the sharp corners.
Also, after a year on my entertainment center, I was able to take everything off with a little elbow greaseThis worked perfectly for our fireplace.
It fit snugly and firmly.
The coloring was a nice neutral match as wellWe were able to cover the edge at Grandma's house with ease.
My daughter has tried to peel off a part, and we just stuck it back on and it's still sticking and working just fineOnly reason why this is 3 star is its not good for protecting corner walls.
My attemp to baby proof the corners I created more problems.I had to fix the plaster from peeling off and prevent him from eatting it.
My son was pulling up on furniture by 5 months but was very clumsy.
The triplets climb all over the living and always come back to the table to play.
It's easy to install but, keep in mind that your baby can easily pull this off of whatever it's attached to but, you don't want something that is going to stay on forever.
I need to return this itemShipped in nice original box.Four corner plus the long strip - as described.A nice touch is the double-sided-tape is 3M and not some cheap fall-off-next-week tapeThese were easy to install and are aesthetically bearable.
We'll see how easily my 8-month old will pull them off, but so far they are holding even though we've had some climbing onto them and such.
I might be purchasing new tables?
Stays fine.
My son even tried chewing on it w his new sharp teeth.
It held up.
He was not able to puncture itI used this table edge and corner guard to edge a window in my son's playroom.
The window was level with the daybed he often played on, and I had visions of him cracking his head.
I lined the edges of the windowsill.
This works well.
My son is a pretty good listener, and I kept telling him not to touch or pull the foam off, it was there for a reason, and it is still there two months later.
It will come off very easily if pulled, just a forewarning.
But I like this product and would use it againI got this when musings started crawling so I would be ready when he started walking and I'm glad I did.
Comparing this set to the one I bought, it wins in every category.
It STICKS!
It's 3m brand double-sided tape and it didn't budge!
I couldn't pull mine off, so I know my 9 month old can'tThis edge guard is very easy to put on and sticks very well.
Its very soft as well.
Seems pretty secure and there will be no split foreheads with this stuff on the edgesWe used this for our fire place.
There is a raised seat and we used two of the corners and covered the edges.
Our fire place is tile and the color blends in wellEasy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!
I put this protector on my fire place too, and it looks and feels wonderful.
It does the jobThis stuff works great for baby proofing.
Have had it on our coffee tables and other sharp edges for over a year.
Still in place and working.
Totally worth it.
I bought two sets of these and they are working perfectly!
They come with 3M adhesive tape and attach securely.
For some reason, even when I measure and lay out the tape carefully the strips always were cut a little too short so I had to cut a few filler pieces for the spaces between some of the corners and the edging.
I know she will fall and bump her head from time to time but I think this could help prevent a serious accident.
The foam is thick and durable!
I would still recommendI bought this for multiple purposes and it worked perfectly for all.
Overall, definitely worth the price.-Corner pieces used separately on corners of tables without the longer strips: This doesn't look great but compared to the other clear plastic or silicone corner pieces I have much greater piece of mind with these.
They are soft enough that when my 18 month old hits his head directly on the corner he doesn't even flinch.-Long strips both with and without the corners used on table edges and on my bottom step: I have a ledge/stoop inside my house near the backdoor and it has sharp metal edges nailed in along the entire length.
It makes a bend so I needed these strips to stick to metal on a step and not come off when we hit the edges or my son slides down on his rear.
This works like a charm.The edges have not peeled off metal, it was extremely easy to install and there was more than enough tape strips/squares given.
The double stick tape makes application quick and easy.I would highly recommend this product.
THey have a precut slit down the length so you can open it up and slide it on the edges of tables.
When the package arrived the length of edging was 7'6", not 12' as advertised.
But once on it wont come off easily even by a prying little hand it take quite a effort.If you use the adhesive on the edge of the guard that makes sure kids cant take of easily.
It become furniture.
I bought two of this in light and dark for different furniture when my kid was 7-8 months old.And i can vouch that this tape has avoided a handfull of accidents.CautionThe paint(especially wall paint) can come off when removing it.Once off any surface it doest stick again.Apply after you kids go to sleep needs some time to have a firm fix and so that they dont know it can be taken off.Also would add taht applying this when the child is young gives better chances that they stay on.Also Matching color should help being noted by children But you know all kids are differentIt works but I expected it to be a different color, a bit more white, rather than beige.
thank youWorks great.
Takes some time to put the adhesive strips on, but these work so much better than other brands we have tried.
The real test will be when we take it off - will it peal off the wood from the furnitureYou know when you're child free and buy great furniture?
Those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.
The WOOD came off.
Works good for coffee tablesmy baby has been not intrigued enough to pull this out.
I have it even on the wall corners in my house.
Lots of cusion and sticks well.
But we used it for other things in our house and my son can't just peel it off like other products.
They come with a good amount of adhesive tape, which is why I purchased this brand over others.
Once I put it on both sides, it works much better.
Because this item is also a bit &#34;stretchy&#34; it was tricky to measure it exactly right.
So, we have small gaps between the pieces which aesthetically isn't great, but it still protects my daughter.
What's more, other "safety" products I have purchased that use well-known 3M tape were defective as well.
Also, when I tried to remove the cushion, the tape removed my furniture paint.
They were easy enough to install and I found that the adhesive worked fine, although I have not tried to remove it yetSo far, my 9 month old hasn't tried to pull this off.
This brand is MUCH better than the Cosmos brand, also sold here on Amazon.
It is easy to apply to furniture and it remains in place.
I highly recommend itThe guard came heavily distorted from probably sitting in the box for way too long.
I used the guard to cover the fireplace brick edges and it worked out fine since I didn't need the whole length.
I would have given it one star and returned it if I used to to cover a tableThis comes highly recommended in my family.
It&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use.
For us we have an extremely sharp edge in our shower and baby crawls around so we didn&#699;t want him to slip and fall on the edge.
We put the guard on the edge and it stays even though it gets wet every day as we shower.
lol He loves chewing on it!
Hopefully there&#699;s no BPA in it because it&#699;s constantly in my son&#699;s mouthNeeded this item for our brick fireplace and decided to give it a shot despite some saying that the double sided adhesive tape didn't work well.
It has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.
Time will tell how long it lasts, but I am happy with the density of the edge guard and how well it went on that even if I did have to do some reworking of the adhesive in the future I would still be happy with the quality of the edge guard as well as the safety the product providesThis is a great product for protecting your babies!
We loved its quality and baby proofed our entire living room with itThis edge guard worked out pretty well for our needs.
Baby was able to pry off the corner edges after just a month or so (of course, the corner edges are where she hurts herself mostly).
We have purchased severalsoft foamy, with double side tape.
but it'll do for now.
They're terry cloth but they really don't look as nice as I had hoped.
One to use, while the other is washing!
It seems as soon as I take off my baby's diaper, it's then she decides to "go".I read other reviews about complaints of color fading and shrinkage.
Regardless, it fits the contoured pad fine still, a bit snugger but not at all too small.I would have given it 5 stars if the terrycloth they used had been a higher quality.
I mean really, for the price, I could have bought a better made towel that had emblishments that cost more than the cheap elastic they used to make the cover.
I would have even paid more to have the choice between this terrycloth and a better one.Finally, I still am very pleased and would purchase it with the contoured changing pad for a friend's baby shower tooI love how soft and cuddly this changing pad cover is.
I also appreciate how many colors it comes in.What I am disappointed with is the durability.
I have 3 of these and have used them for just over a year.
Now, keep in mind that we use disposable "chucks" (those blue hospital disposable under pads) on top of this terry cloth changing pad.
It fits a little snugly, so the corners of the pad don't exactly stay as "pointy" as they were when it was new, but it works very well.
It works even better if you cut the straps off the changing pad.
You're right there with baby, anywayAfter only a few uses and washes, this pad cover started to tear.
It was ripping in the corners, and no matter how gentle I was, the hole got bigger.The color choice is out standing.
.
.however I just wish that it had held up a bit better for usGreat colors, and I like Simmons' contoured changing pad, which this is supposed to fit, but keep in mind that washing will significantly shrink the covers &amp; the terry fabric doesn't hold up well.
After just a couple of months, ours are already coming apartI am so pleased that the Contoured Changing Table Pad has so many choices in color for its cover!
I purchased the lilac, and a white cover and they both go well with my nursery decor.
I only wish I got more that two!These terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin.
So, when you go to put them back on the pad the fit is a bit tight, but I find they pull out pretty quickly to thier normal size.
When they do finally get to small to fit the pad I will go out and buy some more!
I mean it's terrycloth, what do ya expect?
They are totally worth the money to replace!
Didn't even use it once!
Don't botherVery convenient - I have a one year old and I babysit a one year old.
I'm definitely not going to spend 100 bucks or more on a double stroller, but since I found two umbrella strollers on sale for 10 bucks each, my double stroller was only 30 bucks!
It handles well.
When you put the connectors on, make sure they're tight, and even so it will seem like there's too much slack for it to really move, but it does work.
brand) which are two different heights.
It was slightly difficult especially since the double didn't have much room to put the middle connector on.. but it works!
It's not like a SMOOTH push or anything (but it is smooth with same size/brand ones, I have another same brand single lol), but it's worth it!
If they stayed connected it would be perfect.
I have twins and have 4 strollers but sometimes travelling it is nice to travel a little lighter and use umbrella strollersThese are easy to put on and take off.
They work well to connect two umbrella strollers.
I use a combination of these for the top connection and a different brand for the bottom that are adjustable since my stroller bars are wider at the base and I connect in 4 places instead of 3 for a sturdier connectionI was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.
I've been using this booster for 2 years now.
It has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.
Both of them LOVE it.
The seat is comfortable for them to sit on, unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it.
It doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is SO easy to clean.
I also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.
No extra straps, trays, or pieces to worry about!
I don't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use...it is well worth the moneyThis is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.
I can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids LOVE to pull apart!!
My young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.
If you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!
Also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.
I had to switch to another booster with straps due to some safety issues associated with this alsoThe Cooshie Booster is a good booster seat for toddlers when used in the right conditions.
However, my wife and I are yet to experience the miraculous calming effects at the dinner table that so many other reviews have mentioned.The Booster is made from one solid piece soft foam material.
The material is very lightweight and cleans up very easily.
The one-piece construction also aids in clean-up - no cracks to trap food or let spills get through to your furniture.
This ease of use, both at the table and when getting washed in the sink, are its major selling points.On the other hand, the one-piece construction makes the bulky Booster less than ideal for use away from home.
Forget about using it at restaurants because it's not different enough from what they'll provide.
We only take ours out when we're going to Grandma and Grandpa's house for a few days; otherwise, it's more trouble than it's worth.
I don't believe that any booster seat could make such a difference in toddler behavior, so I don't hold it against this one; I'm just surprised how many others have reported these results.
)Your child will love the comfy feel, the secure bottom and the colors!
Tot-Loc, First Years 4 in 1 feeding seat, and First Years Folding Booster...all great products by the way) She really just wanted to sit at the kitchen and dining room table like a big girl, and she didn't want to sit in the baby seats that allow you to convert them to big kid boosters by removing the trays.
We were at our wits end and after reading all the reviews here, we decided to give it a try, but I must admit we were a bit skeptical and nervous using this for our daughter because she is so young and most of the other reviewers said they used this for an older child.
Well our daughter absolutely loves this and is so proud of her upgrade from highchair to big kid comfy booster.
Also, the travel case this booster comes with is a nice touch, and it has room to pack a bib or small snack as well as the booster.
My daughter has no problems sitting still for extended periods as long as she is occupied, but if she were the kind of kid who always has to be moving at this age, I wouldn't use this booster just yet as it does not have any safety belt to hold your child inThis is the best booster seat.
It "grips" easily to chairs and does not slide.
We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it!
It is the most durable seat too.
My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition.
It is soft and comfy.
It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it.
It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat.
Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids!
This chair is great, but I dont see anything miraculous going on.PROS-* Very comfortable, my son always says everything should be like cooshie* All one solid piece of foam, bo creveces to get food stuck in* It doesnt slip due to the material, a plus for a wiggly toddler* Sits him up high enough to eat* Can be easily taken off, no straps and all that stuff* Cute color, not bright and pastely* Very light weightCONS-* Is not at all portable, I dont know about you but I wouldnt want to "travel" with something the size of a large platter everywhere!
I like it and I am glad I chose it but I dont really understand the amazing changes in children with a booster (not that I am denying the fact that those reviews are true) I just dont see how this cooshie could do it.
My son is still fussy, and will get down when he feels like it, this comfortable booster doesnt stop him.
However, this booster seats is soft and cushiony.
The older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chairWe love this booster.
My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so.
We have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers.
I tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work.
It cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than I could have expectedThese are nice jumbo corners that didn't make our table look too hideous, but at some point your baby's going to learn to pull them off!
My desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate, with a very smooth surface, so these things stick very well.
I have very sharp corners on the bottom of my kitchen counters and these guys do the job.
They are so much thicker and cushionery than the other versions (pricey though), but I think they're worth it.
No more bumped headsI love these.
My guys ripped them off the sides of the tables the second we put them up.
What a wastejust to point out first, the guards are NOT white!
they came in a light brown.
they cover the corner very well seeing how big they are, but once again the sticky tape sucks.
I found the tape supplied a pain to use.
Taking the backing off one it's stuck to the pad takes a bit of effort.
They seem to have stick OK but 3M tape would be betterThey don't seem to stick very well.
I can't speak to them hurting the finish of the wood, since I've never tried to take them off.
Unfortunately I guess what I really need is something not just for wide corners but rounded as well.
We have a lot of items to baby-proof, these seem very soft and durable, I am sure I will find corners that can use them.
The tape is sticking well so far and they have already protected my son's head.
He moves so fast right to where the furniture is.
I watch him and move him away, but it makes me feel better to have these there just in case.
I needed the jumbo size for the bottom of my entertainment centerWhen a baby gets to the crawling stage, your life changes.
Table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well.
My only concern is that there is an adhesive (that supposedly comes right off).
Many months from now I suppose I'll find out if that is true, but in the meantime I have (relative) peace of mind when my grandson is crawling or toddling around and that is Priority 1I ordered these corner guards for my TV stand and coffee table and they work great, the only down fall is if your furniture isn't as thick as the guard the sides don't stick very well because they aren't flat against a surface like they are on the topI put this on the corners of my brick fireplace and sticks well.
My one year old son tried pulling on it once and without success and never tried again.
They are large with good cushion and will do its job.
The adhesive is strong enough and after 3 months, they are still there on all three corners.
All the buttons work.I did have a little trouble with the light because when the light is on, the button is pressed in.
Being able to change the music our son listens to every nite is such a nice option - and we don't have to listen to the same lullaby's all the time (if at all).The light is dim, but as a few others noted, who wants a bright light?
The baby is trying to sleep!It's enough light to see him if I peek in and it's still on.I feel the volume is plenty loud enough.
*Yes the light is dim but I did not want a bright light.
It is a nightlite.
It is just fine.
I can check on baby and see him fine.
*The timer function if great.
*The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that I wish the digital readout and the buttons lite up.
It is hard to see in the dark and I do not like to turn on the light to see the buttons and digital read out.
No there is no space to move at all and it does not skip.
***It is not perfect but it does the trickThis item is not top quality.
First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.
Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.
looks like a good ideaI love my cd player.
I like it cause it shuts off itself.
We were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower- it was something we really wanted.
However, it did not live up to expectations.
The sound quality was awful- very, very quiet even on the highest volume setting and, even worse, extreme static.
For such an expensive item the quality is very poor.We ended up ordering the Fisher Price Tape Player online and it is really wonderful.
So when we found out we were having twins i ran out and bought 2 of them.
We started to put the nurserys together and when it came time to put these on they wouldnt fit.
We ended up just buying small cd/radio players for each of their room because this is something they can both use for a long timeI bought this for our son when he was born 3 years ago.
I loved it at first.
For his first 6 months of life he slept in a bassinet and this conveniently attached to it and then came the crib issues where he would stand up and try to get it off the side which inadvertently made the cd skip, fall off the track and post the "E" sign.
I, unlike other users, had no trouble with the volume.
Therefore I never had an issue with the noise of opening the cd compartment.
The battery compartment on the other hand is a joke.
I now have another baby and just a couple days ago was once again trying to open the battery compartment.
On the other hand though, I was thankful to have it many times as it did lull my kids into dreaminess and listening to it on the baby monitor-it had the same effect on me.
I love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.
Once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.
Even with him holding his private part down with his finger.
I wish they would make the seat more compatible with boysWe've tried several different potty seats and this is the best by far:1) Fairly easy to clean, integrated design.
This seat positively sits on the toilet, and my son is comfortable on it for even long periods of timeWe tried the soft plastic ones, and ironically he complained a lot more about those being uncomfortable than this one.
Highly recommendedWe have two of these and love them.
I tried to use the little potty that sits on the floor but I prefer this one.
Would highly recommend thisFits on most seats with minor adjustment.
Once set it is one hand operation especially for the times when you are running with the kid in one hand.
My daughter likes to do it herself and it is very easy for her to do so.
This one came up first as it has the most reviews, and it does for a reason.
This seat works, period.
I have to finagle it a little, but it fits and is very secure so thats a win in my book.SIDE NOTE: Grandma owns the Fischer Price froggy potty which works perfectly, so if you are also thinking about getting a little chair, I highly recommend itFits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23-month-old daughter to sit on securely.
It stays in place when kids climb on and off instead of slipping or tipping like some other seats.
Also, after about three years (and a couple of kids) the black rubber handle on the back started to break, but I consider that minor wear and tear.
Overall, I'd recommend this seat above others on the market.
After the great reviews and was actually recommended to me by my sister, it just doesn't work for our daughter.
Stinks that I can't return this thing.
It's easy to clean too - there are no crevices like the padded seat.
Sometimes, though, it will stick to my son's skin after he's been sitting on it for several minutes, so it pops up as he stands.
It's easier for my son to sit down and stand up (with the help of a stool.)
Unfortunately, whenever my son urinates, even when keeping his parts pointed down, the pee gets everywhere!
He likes using it, and the splash guard in the front works.
We have elongated Kohler toilets and the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer adjust to fit snugly.The reason I am rating it 4 stars is the adjustment wheel started slipping after a few removal and reinstallations.
And my baby loves to put it on the toilet bowl and sits on itWe bought this about 8 months before my daughter started seriously training.
Once she started training this was a great seat and she used it until about six months after she was trained and could get up on the seat on her own.
Great seati first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old, and we've reduced the number of diapers significantly, with very rare #2 diapers, woohoo!!!
of course i had to hold the baby, but at 11 months, holding is discouraged.
i even take this to other people's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training, and this product enabled me to accomplish thatI just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one.
We have a TOTO brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the Bjorn didn't work at all on our toilet seat, but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large, it fits great anyway.
My toddlers were fine using it and began using the big potty the same day we bought it.
Definately worth the extra money, great designYes I am trying the impossible of early potty training with my 13 month old.
Looks nice.
Cleans easythe best!
we have 4, all over the houseI love this seat.
I have two in my house and this one is my favorite.
The kids say it's comfortable and it adjusts to fit the seat.
Which is great, since we actually have a round seat in one bathroom and an oval one in the other.
I keep this one in the main bathroom, since it's the favorite.
No issues.
Now that she's nearing the two-and-a-half year mark, we decided to buy a toilet trainer seat to see if that would get her more engaged in the potty training process.
We have oval-shaped, elongated toilet seats in our home, and the BabyBjorn potty seat fits them perfectly.
This toilet trainer doesn't slide around at all on the toilet seat, which helps my little-one to feel more secure while sitting on it.
There's a handy loop at the back of the seat so that you can hang it nearby for easy storage.
This was the case with my daughter.
On a hunch, I tried theArm & Hammer Secure Comfort Potty Seat, Colors May Vary, which is one of the few polypropylene potty seats that has handles.
But the Shandle has turned out to be a perfect solution for us to the problem of using the handle-less BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer seat.
It doesn't hurt that the Shandle comes in a variety of kid-friendly designs such as dinosaurs, martians and robots, which makes them attractive to toddlers.
(It also comes in elegant fashion prints and plain white, for those who prefer their bathrooms to have a more adult look).
(So much so that she's pretty much lost interest in her stand-alone "baby" potty!
)If you've been holding off on getting this BabyBjorn potty seat because it doesn't have handles, please Google "Shandle" and consider giving the product a try.
It was the perfect solution for us.Grade: A- (1 star deducted because the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer doesn't have built-in handlesThis is a fantastic seat for these reasons:1.
Doesn't slide or wiggle on the toilet.2.
Pretty flat, light-weight compact design can pack easily in a suit case or other luggage for travel.4.
Doesn't pinch skin.5.
Easily removeable for adult use of toilet.7.
This is great for me because it is less clean up!Would highly recommendThis item is very simple to install and the white plastic makes it very easy to clean.
One caution: the splash guard in front will not always catch everything, especially if our son is not sitting centered and aligned with it, or if he moves around.
I still think this seat is very much worth buyingMy daughter was scared of falling in the toilet when she first started potty training.
With this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.
While this doesn't 100% fit/lock in.
It does stay in place and is very comfortable for my son.
It's comfortable, reliable and easy to clean.
Love it!
The raised part in front is great--we don't have any aiming problems with this pottyIt fits!
I like that the shape sort of holds the child in.
This is a GREAT seat.
My daughter prefers to have the handles (even if the seat itself is not as secure), especially when she is poopingHappily we are way past the training.
I forgot to review earlier, but this is a very good choice and no pinching or hang ups for my Grandson.
I do recommend this one but you also will have to train him to hold himself down so the flow doesn't jump the small cup.
He caught on right away so no problems there.
Last but not least, the cleaning was easy, fast and comfortable from the first time on without fear of falling in because it's a perfect sizeThe hubs and I don't really buy a lot of special baby/kid goods.
Our two year old son drinks out of normal glasses, he eats with adult silverware, he never used a pacifier, etc etc.
So we didn't want to buy him a separate little potty chair, either.
Might as well start him on the real thing so we don't have to switch him over later, right?
We bought this so that he could sit comfortably on a normal toilet.This is a lovely, sturdy device, which is very easy to clean and has a convenient hook for hanging on the wall.
What a nice bathroom decoration.
The guests.
just.
love.
it.
Wow!
That's great!&#34; said nobody ever.
It's well made, but come on, it's a potty seat.
Your kid sits on it to pee.
Anyway, my son is still not really interested in the potty, but that speaks more to his love of pooping in his diaper in whatever hidden corner he can find than the quality of the chair.
It has a nice shape for sitting.
Seems very durable.
I have one in every bathroomHaving our grandson move closer meant I needed to purchase some necessary equipment - and a potty seat is definitely necessary.
After reading numerous Amazon reviews, I decided to purchase the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer and am very pleased with my choice.The BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer sits on the seat and is then secured by turning a wheel at the back of the seat.
This moves two "wings" so that the seat attaches securely to the toilet seat, even if it is an elongated seat.
After securing the seat, I tried to wiggle the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer from side-to-side as might happen with a rambunctious toddler.
The seat held firmly in place.The splash guard at the front of the seat is sufficiently high to prevent accidental oversprays.
Further, it is curved so that liquids do not hit it and splash out the sides; they flow down into the toilet as they should.
The solid piece construction of the main seat prevents waste products from becoming trapped in grooves or joints and minimizes the possibility of odor.Further, the seat rinses off easily and can then be hung, by the large attached loop, to dripdry.
It is a five-star necessityThis seat is awesome, it fits both elongated and normal bowls very snugly.
It does not slip and slide.
It is very easy to clean.
My daughter just didn't like sitting up on the adult toilet...Oh well, I know it will get used someday when she does feel more comfortable sitting up thereWe've been potty training my son for several weeks now, and he showed signs of being interested in using the big potty.
So we bought a well-rated fancy potty seat with all sorts of "features" that was absolutely terrible.
It was quickly returned, and replaced with this one.This seat is SO easy to use - there's a dial that's accessible from the top back to adjust its fit, and it's snug as could be.
It's secure and doesn't move around, but really easy to take off again for adults and older kids to use.
To be honest we have the mini potty by baby bjorn and it is simpler and the kids can do it all on their own... so this might be good for someone to use in a second bathroom where they do not want to have a little potty sitting around.
You can easily hide it behind the toiletAt first, I wasn't sure if this seat would work as it doesn't have side handles and the splash guard seemed too high.
However, after three months of regular use, my 2.5 year old son has no problems with it and it fits nice and snugly on our Toto toiletsWe love this seat so much, we ended up getting two...one for each of our bathrooms.
Our favorite thing about using this seat is no more cleaning out pee-pee and poo-poo (gets pretty gross when my girl has diarrhea) since it goes right in the toiletgreat seat, fits well on toilet, my son loves it.
comfortable.
great quality.
we also have the baby bjorn potty, so they make great productsWe ordered this seat for our daughter after she liked the one her cousins had.
This is a great little seatUsed this seat for my daughter, and now using it for my son.
The guard is great as long as you teach your son how to sit properly on the seat.
This has been a great seat for us, and it fits both of our toilets securely.
If I had this would have been the one I would have bought.
This potty seat is well designed, doesn't rock, and is one piece.
Dry days are coming soon, wish they had these when my kids were at this stageThis potty seat is simple, comfortable and easy to use.
Only potty seat we'll use for our kids.
We love it!
I highly recommend itWhich just about says it all!This potty seat is easy for my daughter to put on the potty and remove.
They always seemed to leave my daughter's bum with an angry red rash too.
So, the absolute best feature of this potty seat is how clean it is, how clean it stays, and how low maintenance it is.
We wipe it down occasionally, but its wonderful design keeps it from getting waste on it, and keeps germs from accumulating.Lastly, it's easy to install for any toilet.
We have one in both our bathrooms, and sent one to my daughter's preschool, so it fits large toilets as well.Despite the higher price, this is an item that will last a long time and function as expected.
Ultimately, I believe that makes it worth the extra moneyFits on larger toilet seat.
I don't even need to secure it to the lid, fits perfectly without moving.
It's very comfortable for my big/tall toddler and I feel very safe when she uses itSo easy to put on, use and take off that my two-year-old has no problem doing it by himself.
You're not going to find handles on a public toilet, so why train your kids to get used to them being there?The rubber edge allows it to grip the seat.
You put it on there and it's not going to slip.The gentle contour of the front splash guard makes it a great seat for both boys and girls to use.
It doesn't get in the way and is still functional.It does what it says and does it well.
My daughter is almost a year old.
It is perfect!
Does not wiggle when set correctly.
Suitable for boy or girl.
Once I did not do this and had pee going everywhereI bought one of these potties for my 18 month old and it is fantastic!
I just bought another one to use in the other bathroom.
It doesn't move around like the other potty seats she has used.
Would definitely recommendI have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing GREAT with this!
I can't compare this to any other seats (well, we also got an actual potty chair just in case, but he's not interested), but this has worked great so far.
Very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works greatBought two based on a lot of the good reviews, one for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms.
The splash guard can hurt your son.
Also the splash guard doesn't work to keep the pee from shooting out from under the seat.
If you have a girl it might be for you, if you have a boy don't get this seat.
Make sure you read the other reviews about boys and this potty seat.
This potty seat has discourage our son from wanting to use the potty.
My daughter loves them and it gives her the perfect amount of comfort and support during potty training.
The price is awesome.
My girl covered it in lifelike bug stickers which is just funny when company comes.
For as long as their little tushes are too small for the big seat, it is awesomeThis is perfect.
It adjusts very easily to any bowl, is firm and steady when it attaches, pops on and off in a second.
I hung mine on the bathroom wall and he would take it down and put it on the toilet himself when he had to do #2 and then put it back when he was doneAlthough the adjuster to fit on our oval toilet doesn't work on it, it doesn't matter because it has a rubber edge that keeps it in place easily, for all 3 of my triplets, and they're all different sizesMy little one has tried a few different toilet trainers, and this one by far is the best.
I wouldn't buy this one again, but would certainly want one as a giftYou can ask my husband - I've purchased at LEAST 5 potty seats since getting our son to use the potty.
The one seat that did end up staying in our house seemed great at first, but I later discovered that there were gaps on the bottle of the seat that captured urine and required constant cleaning.
WHY didn't I buy this sooner!?!
?This is the best potty seat I purchased.
There are absolutely no hidden gaps or fabrics that can soak up or trap urine.
There is a small splash guard (more like a ridge) in the seat so no "fountaining" can occur.
Everything that I've complained about in the previous potty seats is addressed with the Baby Bjorn - it works fantastically!
These seats are great for potty trainers or small kidsIn a move of overzealous anticipation which has become common for me, I bought both this toilet trainer seat and the Bjorn stand alone potty for my daughter when she was 18 months old.
For some reason she will not use the stand alone at all.
As others have mentioned, she can place it on the toilet herself, which she really enjoys, and even helps me wipe it off after using.
I was skeptical of this seat initially, but bought it anyway based on the reviews, and boy am I glad I had this on hand and ready to go, because when the timing is right, it's rightHave two of these (one for upstairs, one for down) as well as the Baby Bjorn freestanding potty.
Fits all three of our toilets perfectly and very comfortable for our childThis seat has such great reviews, I didn't think I could go wrong with it.
At first the splash guard wasn't tall enough, and everything ended up on the floor and on my son's clothes.
Also, it would have been nice not having to remove the seat every time, and just flip it instead.Anyway, an overpriced item in my opinion.
And I can't believe it has such great reviews.
This is our second one in 4 years and two kids!
The first one had the handle crack.I bought a different potty seat to replace this one initially and it was sent back quickly in favor of this seat!There is a dial that turns to adjust two plastic pieces that sizes it for your toilet.My son is 3 and he knows how to use the potty all by himself.
There is no leakage between the seat and the toilet seat and the guard works well.I fully expect that my daughter will be able to use this seat when she is ready to potty trainUsing the wheel to adjust this for a snug fit on our toilet seats was VERY easy, very pleased with this seat, it seems very comfortable for our 21 month old.
I have a potty chair for my son but want him to have the option of using the big potty on a regular basis as soon as possible, so I am fitting each toilet in our house with one of theseI recommend this potty seat to all the mom's I know.
We had a different brand one before buying this seat and it pinched my sons private parts.
This seat is all one piece and is easy for my son to put on and take off the potty.
It has a wheel that adjust so it can fit in different size toilets.
Looks nice, cleans well, travels well, stays put.
It's perfect for my 3 year oldI didnt know you had to lift the seat up to use this.
I evem tried cutting it off, but it still doesnt help.
Kept the price reasonable.
My daughter refused (still refuses) to use this b/c the elevated curve of the seat for some reason scares her off.
It looks like it's made well and I hate to give a 3 star review due to my daughter's quirky view on it.
My son just turned 2 and is small for his age and he fits perfectly on this seat.
What I also love about the seat is that it doesn't move once you get it on the toilet.
I bought 2This is a great adapter for a normal adult seat.
And it is not easy to store in that it is wide at the top.
Overall, though great from potty training your little to use a big toilet versus the potty seatsThis is not offensive to look at, it stays put on the toilet and the splashguard works beautifully.
Its very easy to clean because it's all one piece and my son feels very comfortable sitting on this one without pinching his thighs or feeling like he may tip to the sideMy daughter really likes her pink potty seat.
It is very comfortable for her as well as easy for her to put on the potty herself which is important to herLove the company but this trainer does not fit a round toilet and seat.
(We have a Toto with a Bemis seat.)
It's simple to clean and fits well.
We really love this toilet trainerFor some reason my son likes this better than sitting on his own baby potty.
i could tell my daughter was comfortable sitting on it, and it didn't scoot around at all.
He liked that it tightened down so it didn't slide around like a cheaper model we had picked up.
The design is really clever and I do believe that it would fit on any seat tightly the way it's adjustable.
It's nice to feel comfortable that it's not going to slide around.
Very happy with this product.
Also I've noticed that though she's a girl it's still helpful that this unit has a splash guard on itWe have now bought 3, count them 3, different potty scenarios for our 2-year-old, and this is by far the best.
(it goes away, just don't like seeing thatThis toilet seat works great.
When our son was 3 he was able to attach and remove it on his own with no issues.
I recommend this item (and the matching step stool tooWe bought two.
Have it up and downstairs our almost three year old likes this more then the potty chair.
You must buy a stool with it but otherwise greatMy son it doing well with this seat, no little potty, staight to this seat.
Super easy to clean after each use.
Just rinse with warm water and let air dry.
I purchased one for each bathroom and also a few for the grandparents house.
Stores away easily.
LOVE ITI am embarrassed to admit how happy I am about this potty seat.
We were using (without any luck) the Prince Lionheart weePod.
No need to try & get suction cups to try & keep the seat stable.
#3 the splash guard is not so huge & in the way.
#4 You can hang it.
I put a command hook a few inches below the tp roll & that's where we hang it between uses.
My daughter is able to get it herself and place it on herself.
All key things in her independence.
The way it is shape gives the right alignment to be sitting on it.
My daughter loves this seat.
A+++ in everyway.
However, wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it.
Purchased 2 of these, one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs, as they are in the process of potty training our grandson.
I also purchased the stool and potty book...and am ready whenever my kiddies are.
Highly recommend this seat as it very well madeMy son is 3 years old and I potty trained him in 1 day.
He learned to go on this by itself, I was amazed at how fast he learned.
It took a day of "accidents", but it was well worth it.
I highly recommend it -- no need for a potty eitherI read several reviews before settling on this one.
This turned out to be the ideal potty seat for us.
They even put it on the seat themselves.
The kids love that they have their own seat that is so comfortable.
It gives me peace of mind knowing that my little ones can use it easily without fear of them slipping off of it or the seat falling into the bowl.
Great potty seatWe just potty trained our daughter 2 weeks ago, and having her sit on the big potty has been a challenge.
What you would expect from Baby Bjorn.
Well priced, well made, and very functionalI love the dial on the back that makes it really secure on any shape seat.
If you've ever had a kid fall into the toilet you know important that feature isI bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon.
It's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper onesI was having a hard time finding a potty seat that fit our elongated bowl in the basement bathroom, until I came across this seat.
The seat doesn't move at all and #1 & #2 go where they belong.
Haven't had any issues cleaning it upThis seat is very easy to install and fits securely.
The same unfortunate pee situation never happens with that seatMy son prefers to use this seat instead of the small stand alone potties.
Its dimensions are perfect and he can sit without any danger of falling in or feeling off balance.
I'd give it five stars if it had handles on the side like I've seen on other training pottiesI like the style and ease of this potty seat, but for my daughter, the hole is much too big.
Hopefully she will grow into this one.
Stays in place well, and my baby can sit on it himself (he is 5 months old).
He can carry it by the little rubber handle and (with some help) put it on the seat.
It fits nice and snug on top of the toilet seat with no rocking or tipping, and my son sits on it quite well with no danger of falling in or off it (he's almost 2 but he's big for his age).
It fits round toilet seats too with just a turn of the dial, which makes it great for travel.
It's made of the same durable material as the seat that came with our white toilet so it matches perfectly, and it's easy to clean.
I expect the guard in the front will keep things where they're supposed to go -- we haven't had a "full" event yet, but fingers crossedEasy to install, comfortable for my son to sit on and has a very useful splash guard.
The seat blends in very well with the bathroom and can be easily hung when not in use.
Of all the seats out there, this one seems to be one if the most well made and most functional.
Would highly recommendThese are just great.
My son sits comfortably on them.
No hassles as they are adjustable.
Baby Bjorn delivers great quality as always.
I have 2 of these & would recommend these to everyone alwaysThough this is a nice sturdy potty seat and would probably be perfect for girls or larger boys, it did not work for me.
I recommend the Arm and Hammer potty seat over this (much cheaper tooThis Toilet Trainer is more than a trainer.
Thus even after the child is &#34;trained,&#34; the seat is usefulWorks Great!
I wonder if I am the only one who was not able to attach it to the existing toilette seat.
The description says "adjusts easily and sits firmly in place"...well, it does not.
It slides right out of the existing seat.
I started using this on my son when he was 9 months old - have nothing to complain aboutI'm surprised by how well this is rated so I decided to add my two cents to the minority.The PROS: Fits snugly on any seat.
Also, easy to clean.
I also like the look of it; simple and clean.
Even with the stool and me standing there it is still dangerous; they have to be lifted.
our daughter also likes that this helps her use the same potties mama and daddy usemy son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old.
(potty trained now)sometimes, he sits on this for a long time....so i know it's very comfortable....LOLthe handle helps germophobic mommies.
and it easy to wash too.the pee cover should be higher though as he has to hold down his thing so as not to pee all over the toilet floor.even with that, it is still a 5 star ratingEasy to install.
Now if potty training was just as easy.
i bought one for each toilet that they use and it's worth the $, no questionThis lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use.
This is a hard, but perfectly contoured seat for a little bottom.
It has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot.
It is strong, sturdy, easy to clean.
It comes in other colors, but I only have white.
It is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath.
Since my daughter is petite she has a hard time getting high enough to just sit- she has to "shimmy" and this snug lid is very safe for her to shimmy onto with out moving.
Worth the extra moneyI keep this toilet seat in my son's bathroom along with the Bjorn step stool.
My son loves using the potty with this seat!
The simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
This works perfectly to hang the seat by its plastic handle when not in useThis potty seat fits very nicely on our elongated toilet seats.
The adjustable fitting makes it nice and snug so the kids don't wiggle at all on the seat.
We are just beginning to potty train so it hasn't had much actual use yet and I can't speak to how well it works otherwiseI've bought several potty training seats, and this is by far the very best out there as far as fit and stability.If I were going to change one thing about it, it would be to make a boy's version and a girl's; the guard in front is pretty unnecessary for our daughter, and it gets in the way of her wiping herself.With that said, I'm really happy with the way it adjusts to fit the seat and doesn't wobble or slide to one side, like other seats I've tried.
Nice quality seat, smooth and easy to clean, and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly (due to the adjustability of the seat).
Most importantly, my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself.
Dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat.
Worth every penny in my bookI bought this for my 8 months old daughter after she had been using the BabyBjorn potty for a month or so.
I realised that it wasn't much fun cleaning the potty so decided to give this toilet seat a go and it's been working great for us.
My daughter is happy seating on it, it's small enough for her and it's very easy to install, put on and take offAfter 3 weeks of use maybe 1-2x/day, the rubber handle is separating from the rest of the potty.
I am returning it and hoping for better luck with the replacement.Other than that, my daughter loves this.
We only managed to catch her doing her business using it once though.
The product fit very well on my elongated toilet seat and was easy to adjustI tried a few different seats and nothing fit my oval shaped Toto seats well.The adjusters in this allow it to fit the seat perfectly.
It's sturdy, and easy to clean.
Hangs perfectly with the potty hook.Great productPurchased this after purchasing the Babybjorn Smart Potty because the other was too high at first.
This one is just ever so slightly smaller and a much better fit for either small or early trained kidsmy son started using this potty at 6 months.
it is one of the only potties small enough for infant potty training.
the potty has a great splash gard, and appears to be shaped to help my son go.
almost like the squatting position you see kids do in diapers.although i have seen kids as old as 2.5 using this potty, it appears to be geared more for younger onesI ordered this for use while visiting my parents.
It is okay for something like that, but I would not use it for much else.I have a very active 2 year old who does not always want to take time to sit on the potty.
However, after receiving it, I would only recommend this potty to those who are doing EC or for travel.
He's about 27 pounds age 21 months.Get some of those disinfectant wipes and clean it out each time and you're good.
)Fits in a small space in my small bathroom without an issueAlthough I am a die hard Baby Bjorn fan, I am not a true fan of the LITTLE potty.
Save your money and upgrade to the Baby Bjorn regular potty which is well worth the money!!
We keep our little potty in the minivan for those unexpected road trip emergenciesThis potty is great.
If you can spend a bit more, the newer model with the inside that comes out ($24.95) is much better in my opinion.
Make sure never to use bleach in these, though, I ruined the bottom of one of these by letting it sit in a 50% bleach solution, it ate away the smooth bottomWe take this little potty with us everywhere.
I actually purchased online from Amazon specifically to find the one piece BabyBjorn Little Potty (BBLP) after my friends raved about it.It now lives permanently in the back of my car, so that my toddler can have easy access to a potty when we're on the go.
I've also taken this on planes and trips in our carry-on, so that we would have access to a potty ...even if there was not a bathroom available.
With little ones it is so hard for them to wait, and this helps keep them potty-independent.Also, if you do infant pottying or elimination communication, this is one of the &#34;must-have&#34; pottys.
The seat is a little on the smaller side compared to the standard little pottys you'll find at Toys R Us or wherever ...which makes it ideal for little ones (I am talking 1 year or youngerI have been practicing EC with me 2 month old, and she went on this the first time I tried!
My son's little, petite bum fits great on this potty.
He can get on & off of it easily as well.
The price was well worth itI like the simplicity of the chair, its easy to grab and use when an any room and clean is really easy.
The only complaint I have is the comfort factor, but I don't see how that could be improved without loosing the ability to grab and go and clean easy.
I use it with my 9 month old twin girls when I catch them.
fixtureWe got this potty for our 2 1/2 little girl after she was potty trained for little over a month.
We keep this potty in our car and it's been great!
She knew it was a potty as soon as she saw it because it's the same color as her big one and it has the same bear on it.
I'm not sure how other parents bridge the gap of potty-training while away from the house, but this works perfectly for us!!
I recommend it to anyone.
So if you're starting with a little one, this would be perfectGreat size for a baby but the bottom can slip on a smooth floor.
Scared my baby a bit when it slipped unexpectedly.
!FrankWe have one of the larger Baby Bjorn potties for each of our girls, 3 years and 20 months.
She often gets so frustrated with the larger potty that she tries to turn the receptacle around, which of course, doesn't help matters.This small potty has been an ideal solution.
It's reasonably priced, and the perfect size for a child under 2 years who is learning to use the potty or just has potty curiousity after watching an older sibling use the potty.
We knew buying it that it will likely be a temporary potty, and that when she's too big for it, she can graduate to the larger one.My only complaints are as follows:-Judging from the marks on her bum, I don't believe that it's quite as comfortable as the larger version for long periods of sitting, and she's our second to have that tendency to "camp" on the potty.-The ease of dumping it is somewhat less that the larger Bjorn potty.
Since we don't really plan on making it the long-term potty, and more just a trainer, this isn't such a big deal.So, if you're looking for a small potty for a younger child that will temporarily suit them perfectly, look no further.
A nice bonus is how little space this potty takes up!
Just be prepared for a little extra work in the clean-up department, and a new potty or seat adapter somewhere between the age of two and three, as this potty will surely be outgrown early onI've noticed that the negative reviews on this potty focus on how small it is.
Yes, it IS small.
If you are in that category you'd want to look at one of the larger Bjorn potties.HOWEVER, if you are ECing a baby or working on potty training with a younger/smaller toddler, this potty is great.
For myself I love the simple, one-piece design.
This makes it really easy to carry to different areas of the house, in the car, and it seems less tempting to be used as a hat.
We have used 3 different potties over the years with our children and this is my favorite.
Really great little pottyWe used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.
It was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!She is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but I think she is getting a bit big for it now.
I am eyeing moving up to the regular size Bjorn potty seat, which I hope will be a little more comfortable for her heightWe started with this potty when my son was around 6 months.
He's 3 now and still uses it, although he's opting for the potty seat more often.
Easy to take on the goMy third son was bigger than average and had NO ISSUE sitting on this potty.
I don't understand the negative reviews because of the size of the potty for normal potty training(I've never done the baby potty thing).
He was two and a half by the time he was potty trained, used this potty (off and on) until he was almost four (we've only one bathroom, so he used it "in case of emergency!).
This potty beats the one I used for my first two boys BY A LAND SLIDE!
This one has NO CRACKS OR CREVASSES!
The ones with the take out pot some how ALWAYS get urine under them.
YUCK!
I love how easy this is to clean.
I rinse it out well then wipe it out with a Clorox wipe.
It is a tiny potty, and we were looking for one because nothing in the aisle at Target was small enough for her to sit comfortably on it.
From the minute I unpacked her potty, she walked right over and sat down on it, diaper and all.
We have now successfully integrated it into our diaper-changing routine, and she fits nicely.
I like that it is all one piece, making it super easy to clean.
It is VERY small.
My daughter is small for her age and it fits her perfectly.
She is relaxed on this and that makes all of the difference.
It is perfect for us, but be aware it is smallWe love it, baby loves it, washes easy, good price, free shipping when bought from Amazon!
Great size for EC babiesPerfect little potty, I'm using for EC with my 3month old and it is working beautifully, easy to grab nice neat compact size and just great to have around!
I'm glad I chose this pottyThis potty is the perfect size for anyone doing Elimination Communication with her baby.My baby is still too young to actually sit on it, but it works great for something to hold him over.
:)Plus, it's light and easily transportable.I love it that Baby Bjorn has recognized the need for a smaller potty for the ECing crowd or those with smaller children wanting to use the pottyThis is the best potty.
Also the splash guard is important, even for girls.
The other potty leaked out the front.
Also it's light and easy to take to the beach or wherever we goLove this potty.
I highly recommend this potty.
I can definitely recommend itI got two of these after starting EC with my 9 month old.
The potty is a perfect size for a young child/baby who is beginning to use the potty.
The one piece design is great for cleaning.
If you are considering trying EC...don't hesitate you will be shocked how readily young children will indicate they need to potty and will use the potty consistently.
We're still only using it to allow her to adapt to its presence since they don't have potties for her to use at daycare, but I absolutely love this potty and so does she!The only one thing that has given us a hard time is that she has figured out how to "scoot" around on it which was making it more of a vehicle than a potty.
It looks incredibly comfortable and my little lady is very tall for her age.
We all love it!
Also, I was able to pack it in my suitcase when we went to grandma's so that's a huge plusWe have been using this potty for our 2 1/2 month old (yes, you read that correctly) for a few weeks now.
Before you jump down my throat over why I shouldn't be using this for such a tiny baby, I'll defend myself by saying sometimes she will fuss uncontrollably and it will calm her immediately to have her diaper removed and have the opportunity to relieve herself without the confines of a diaper.
This potty has been a wonderful solution to that problem.It's definitely small, but since my baby is a particularly petite baby to begin with, I reckon she'll probably be close to completely potty trained before she outgrows this.
I'm sure nobody is a fan of dripping baby pee and poop or having to wipe up more than necessary.
The Ikea potty is bigger and the opening is wider, so we have to be more careful about her backside falling in and it appears to be a bit more uncomfortable for smaller babies.
For that reason, I still prefer the size and shape of the Baby Bjorn potty.
The price was definitely a plus as well.
She is 2 1/2 years old, at 29 lbs and 34 inches and is on her way to becoming fully potty trained.
Cleaning is pretty easy, I wipe with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes 4-Pack: 1 Fresh Scent, 2 Lemon Fresh, 1 Orange (78 Wipes Per Canister - 312 Wet Wipes Total), wash with hot water and spray withClorox Anywhere Daily Sanitizing Spray, 22-Fluid Ounce Bottles (Case of 9)and let dry or wipe drystarted taking baby potty at 2 months - he's 5 months now (17 lbs, 26" tall), & can sit on this potty himself.
it is so easy to clean & take to work with me, & fits him greatVery simple, very economical and it fits small babies.
We started poty traning our son at 5 months and he loves to be on the poty.
The splashguard protects well.
It is easy to clean - overall full satisfactionI own two of these potties.
We're practicing elimination communication and these potties are the perfect size for infants!
I love that there aren't any extra bells and whistles to get in the way of easy clean up.We have one in blue and one in yellow.
I'm sure Amazon would have accepted it as a return, but what new parent has the time for that?
Especially since the yellow color was sooooo cute!
Way cuter than the blue - which, in comparison, seems a bit dullWe bought this potty chair after much research and also owning another one - a Winnie the Pooh Potty chair with a removable urine shield that pops off too easily and just asks to be lost.
Our son has been using it to go to the bathroom (so far just pee pees :) ) for several months and loves it.
In contrast, he is lukewarm about the other chair.The best things about this chair:1) Simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean.
The bowl lifts out and rinses easily.
Other potties seem to have 5 or more pieces, just asking for places to trap dirt.
Not a good thing with a potty2) built in urine shield (into the bowl) works great and our son loves sitting on it.
It is a nightly ritual before his bath.3) inexpensiveDownside?
Love it.
Very good priceThis is a great potty seat and very easy to manage, however the potty disassembles quite easily from the base and does not have a cover.
I was not able to find a babybjorn with the aforementioned essentials.
It's easy for the babes to sit on comfortably.
It's easy to clean b/c it only has one part.
And it has that nice rubber ring on the bottom to prevent slidesThis is my second potty purchase and I truly wished it had been my first.
He started using it the very next day and it's been a success so far.
I don't know if it's the potty or if he's just ready to be potty trained (he just turned 3) but I do know that he loves his potty.
In addition, the splash guard makes sitting on this super awkward.
Another mother wrote about how her daughter needed stitches after cutting her genitals on the splash guard.
It's not safe for your child to independently seat themselves without some helpMy boy is a big boy and it fits him perfect!
I'm grateful I finally caved and bought this.
This smaller kid friendly toilet makes potty training a more manageable task for kids.
He only used this for about three to four weeks.
Once he mastered his little potty he was able to go straight to the big one (no insertsI never know what i would have done without it...Potty training was a breeze with the help of this potty chair..My baby loves her little red pottyI ordered this potty because after weeks of research, this was the only potty I could find that's BPA free.
She's only 25 lbs and is a small girl but there isn't enough seat so it's uncomfortable.
It's going backI first got this for my 6month old son, after reading the "Diaper free before 3" book.
In the same aspect, I got this chair just to make sure my son sits on the potty chair when parents use the bathroom and it worked very well.
I am writing this review since I dint see any other reviews for kids as young as 6 months.The first day, as soon as me and my son got up, we went to the bathroom and sat on our own potty chairs, surprisingly, he peed in this, on the first day only!
He has one of his squirty friends or a book in his hands to keep him happy.
Pooping, we have not started yet, but so far it has been easy to clean and the splash guard does work great, remove the inner seat and wash it in warm water, and its even sanitized!Its been about a month since I got the first potty and here I am ready to buy my second one for the bathroom on the first floor.
We didn't use stickers.
This was all she needed.
It was very ergonomical for her little frameWe used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained.
At first she seemed like she was avoiding it.
Then one day (just about 2 years old) she started asking to go to the potty by herself.
It is easy to clean.
It is stable.
It is easy to move around the house and most importantly she likes itI started using this potty with my daughter when she was just able to sit up on her own.
The high back was more helpful then, than it is now, but it's still nice to have the high back.
She thinks she's so cool when she sits on her big girl potty.I like the &#34;handle&#34; on the front shield because my daughter hangs onto it and leans slightly forward when using the potty for #2.I like the design of the bowl and how it fits in the potty.
No leaks.
That has never happened with this potty chair.PROS:- High back to help support baby- No-slip bottom keeps potty from sliding on tile floorCONS:- Haven't thought of any yetI bought a second one of these to leave at day careThe pink color is great!
Motivated my very girlie 2 year old to want to start using the potty!
Easy to clean, comfy to sit onEasy to clean, easy on my son's bottom.
This looks great in our small guest bathroom by my son's sticker chart, Wee Pod Basix and potty bookhonestly, i was going to get the smart potty instead, but this was eligible for amazon prime and thus a few cents cheaper [every penny counts these days!]
[more natural-leaf-looking than neon.
]were not getting too serious about potty training, just yet, but we do set our daughter on the potty after naps.
shes peed in it a couple times, now.
the center "potty bowl" removes easily and doesnt force you to touch anywhere the pee has touched since it has a "lip" to grab up under the front "horn" of the bowl.
very, very easy to use.
my daughter can sit on it herself [shes 13m] and stand up unassisted, as well.
but thats just a learning curve of whats "yucky" and shouldnt be touched.
With constant use (and abuse) they still look brand new!
We started using this when our LO was 5.5months old.
From the age of 6.5 months or so, our LO was really comfortable on this potty (it was OK earlier, but only for very short duration).
It is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out.
We are very happy with the decision to go with this modelSo we have been using this potty seat for several months now trying to get our daughter used to going on the potty.
I bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean.
She is not a big girl but this seat is just too uncomfortable for her.
It also leaves her with a red ring around her butt.
I am going to look for a cushioned potty chair next and hopefully we have more successWe've tried a number of potties for kids, and this is by far the best brand and design.
We have one in each bathroom, and when my son was learning, we kept one in his bedroom as well.
This one is a breeze.Also, the bowl is oval shaped and plenty long enough to accommodate larger toddlers without having positioning issues.
I've seen some that have a tiny circular opening, which is really awkward, especially for boys, to make sure nothing misses...GREAT FOR EC - If you do elimination communication or infant pottying, these are great.
The insert can be removed and held in your lap -- used as a top hat potty -- until your child is old enough to sit freely on the potty.I absolutely LOVE these potties because they are so practical, simple to use, and child friendly.
My toddler prefers this style to all the other ones he's tried.
No gimmicks, just a potty.
My son is just a bit too small, but he'll grow into this potty.
It has a solid back if he leans back, and a little lip so he won't pee right at youOur boy started potty training around 15 months, and this high back was great for him at that young age, plus it is very easy to clean and fits his small tush (he is only 25 lbs).
We got one for each of the grandparents house because he loved it so much and wanted to use it thereBought for our 30 month old grandson.
.He likes it.
.He sits and holds a few toys while &#34;making&#34;..it cleans up very well..no issues..I should get 2 morewe havent learned yet to use on it but i love the color and looks nice in the rest room andI understand that boys need a splash guard, but there's little chance that this bright-pink potty will be purchased for a boy.
And at least our little girl finds the splash guard uncomfortable, because she has to straddle it.
I wish that baby bjorn made an insert for girls, but they don't.
Other than that (or if your girl doesn't mind this issue), it's a great potty.
It's the right size, the right distance off the ground for a two-year-old, and the back is high enough to be supportiveThis is a basic potty with the pot that can be removed for easy cleaning so it's easy to wash and clean but my poor kid stands up from sitting on this for mere minutes and has deep red marks on her legs and bottom, it's uncomfortable!
I can't speak for how it works for a boy, but it seemed to be really comfortable for our daughter.
It's easy to clean and looks nice in the bathroom, instead of looking like just another piece of baby gear.
While reasonably inexpensive and cute, the design did not work well for us.
Instead, I would recommend the Summer Infant Step-by-Step Trainer.
My 12 month old has no problems sitting in itThis is a great potty.
The inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth.
The boy shield is not too high and is rounded nicely so they won't hurt themselves while getting on.
The base is very solid and sturdy and doesn't move at all.
It also looks comfortable with the arm rests.
My son isn't potty trained yet but we purchased it so he could get used to sitting in it.
He seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book.
We have 1 upstairs and 1 downstairs for our 2 yr old son who is potty trained..I love how high up the lip is on this potty, thus preventing any addicents.
Very easy to clean as well and no leaking noted.
We researched plenty of potty seats and found this to be the best for boysThe high back and sturdy base make this chair perfect for little ones just getting the hang of using the potty.
Be aware that with a boy the splash guard might not catch all the pee, but you can help him learn how to sit correctly and then it doesn't happenThis potty is just great.
My baby has been using this since she was 9.5 months old.
All I have to do is watch her nearby.
It's really well made and very sturdy.
We haven't had to change a poop diaper for weeks now.
One of the most useful items I bought for the babyMy two-year-old daughter loves this potty chair and prefers it over her Prince Lionheart potty chair.
I love that it is ergonomic and that there is a "high back."
There aren't many potty chairs out there that are comparable to this one -- trust me, I've lookedwe got this chair for our son to learn to use the potty.
its sturdy and comfortable for him which is great.
i like that the bowl is big enough that there is no spraying on the floor and i can actually see when he goes as opposed to him standing up for me to look.
its easy for him to get on and off of by himself which is another big plus.
i LOVE how easy it is to clean, much easier than the other potty chair we have which is 3 separate pieces.it may not have any fancy extras but it gets the job doneI have a 2 year old in the potty training phase.
I first potty we bought him was terrible, so I decided to try the Babybjorn.
We ALL are so happy we did!
It's a perfect potty chair.
There are only 2 pieces and NO nooks to squeeze into to clean.
it's very simple in design.
It has a wonderful pee guard for my boy and he never gets the pee on the floor.
I just love this potty for the ease of cleaning it.
I just lift out the bowl, dump and rinse.
My son loves it, too.
Its very comfortable and easy for him to use on his own.
When we were doing the naked potty training (now we hav emoved to underwear!
yah!)
he was able to get to the potty and go all by himself without trying to get a lid off like the previous potty we bought.
He would sometimes just sit there for a decent period of time just waiting.
He was totally comfortable.
LOVE this potty and we will be using it again with our second boy due in a few monthsI think what makes this potty work well for my twins is the high arms.
They like to sit on it and started the day it arrived.
Also, it arrived in one day.
But they fought over the right to sit on it and I was made to buy a second one.
I think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.They're right now in the early stages of learning.
LOVE IT!
I wish I would've had it for my first son and just got a separate step stool.
I have boy/girl twins that are 2 1/2 years old.
They both can use it very easily, they don't have to take their bottoms off all the way.
It's so easy to clean.
There are no spills with the pee guard.
He's about 50 lbs and 47&#34; tall and even he fit on it!
It's so light and portable.
It is easy to clean, my daughter uses it, and it has held up well so far.
Overall a good product that I would recommend to anyone looking for a training seatThis a nicely molded piece of plastic- simple, no sharp edges.
Just the right size.
Our son started sitting on it for pracice at 11 mo.
Shield is also high enough for pottyThis is a great potty chair.
We have a frog potty in our upstairs bathroom and my daughter complains that it hurts her bum.
This is her favorite and she says it is comfy.
It's the perfect size and easy to dump and clean after each useAwesome!!!!
My son who is 40lbs and only 2 years old can't fit onto any other seat.
Plus this one is soooo great for boys, there is plenty of space and the guard in front makes it really easy!!!
The high back is nice for my daughter because she can read her favorite book and lean back.
Rubber grip on the bottom works well too, does not slide aroundI have 2 of these for my twins.
Having gone through the search of a good one with my first child, I found this and bought 2.
It's simple to clean, you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet.
It leaked, its round opening was WAY too small, and I had a ton of problems with my son leaking all over the front and on to the floor.
Plus it came apart in many pieces and had lots of spots bacteria could hide.
The Baby Bjorn takes care of all the problems I had with the Safety 1st potty!The simple construction is so sanitary and easy to clean.
There are no little places for bacteria to collect.The opening is bigger than other potty chairs and oblong instead of round, so no more pooping on the seat.
This alone would have sold me on this potty.The splash guard is great for boys.
No more peeing off the front of the potty and no flimsy detachable splash guards that flip down into the seat.It has a nice rubber grip on the bottom to keep it in the same place on the floor.Another plus is that it's nice looking and blends in with the rest of the bathroom.I'm very happy with the quality and design of this potty and I have NO complaintsFor nearly a year, I have been struggling to help my now three-year-old become potty trained.
It was great fun to stand like Daddy, and it even had a water tank so that it could be "flushed" like a real potty.
After several months, however, the top water tank started dripping often, and the bottom reservoir was so hard to pull out that when it finally let loose, liquid sloshed out!Frustrated, I set out to scour Amazon for one final shot at a potty that would work for my son and would be easy to clean.
After reading the positive reviews, I decided upon the Baby Bjorn potty chair, allowed my son to be involved by selecting a color (blue)...and couldn't be happier with our choice!My son has been excited about his new blue Baby Bjorn potty chair since the UPS driver brought it to our house, and I am impressed as well.
This potty chair is tall enough that it is comfortable for him to sit upon, there are no separate guards that pinch him, the rubber bottom prevents it from sliding on our floor, it has a back and armrests that help my son stand up after going potty, he can use it by himself, AND it's super easy to clean!
I have found that if you pour the liquid out the back of the potty chair insert (where the white bowl curves upward), the liquid does not run down the outside of the container like other potty chairs.Overall, while a bit pricey, this is without a doubt the best potty chair we have found for our toddler boy.
Currently DS is not using it yet, but I can't wait to get out of cloth diapersOur daughter loves using this chair.
It is stable and very easy to cleanI started potty training my son at about 14 months, and he is short for his age.
This potty was a pretty good height for him, so it was comfortable and not too high, and it still fits him at 18 months.
The guard in front forces his legs apart a bit and is high enough to catch most of a boy's unpredictable flow.
It survived 4 children.
Unfortunately, it was accidentally cleaned with a substance that ruined the coating.We decided to go with a bjorn again and we are please with this one.
It is a large potty seat so this will fit a large child.
I figured the Bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line Potty Chair!And its working great, the bowl rinses easily.
I keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed.
Any potty (with boys using it) is going to have occasional dribbles.And my son was pretty excited when it arrivedI love this potty chair!My son barely used it, just for the beginning month of his potty training but it had many very nice qualities and I would recommend it highly.The color is pretty and the chair is cute.
It is very stable and wont move around on you or your toddler.the design is simple, which means that clean up is simple as well.
the removable piece just comes out and is a breeze to clean.The high back and sides make it safer for wiggly toddlersI loved everything about this and am glad I shelled out the extra money... not only that but when it was time to sell it I got a decent amount of money for it because its a name brand and they are so expensiveWe are currently training our 2nd child.
With our first, we had 3 in diapers, giving us MAJOR motivation to get him potty trained, so we tried almost every seat out there.
Most of them were okay, but just got nasty quckly, were hard to disinfect, or were uncomfortable for my son.
The ones with the removable splash gaurd are not gentle and can scrape a child's sensitive parts.
It was incredable!
Now our 23 month old daughter is training.
We bought her this white babybjorn seat for our downstairs bathroom, with the blue upstairs.
She has been "training" for 6 days now, and is almost completely day trained!This seat is by far the best in our experiences.
Here's why: 1. the seat has a higher back and sides, which gives the child support while sitting down, standing up, or simply sitting there.
2.
It is NOT easy to tip!
several of the others we tried tipped without much effort when our child was putting pressure on the sides trying to sit down or stand.
3.
It is super easy to clean - there aren't a bunch of seams to gather gunk, it's easy to wipe down with a clorox wipe and be done.
It's also super easy to take the little bucket out, and soak in clorox or hose down.
4.
Kids can choose what color they want!
This was such a big deal to my children --- also, they are solid colors that can look nice with your bathroom.
The surface is also nice that your child can decorate the back with cute stickers if wanted.
5.
It works for children of all different sizes!
My son was 40" and 42lbs when potty training, and my daughter is 25lbs and a little shrimp, and this seat fit them both WONDERFULLY.Overall, having tried MANY seats, this one was the absolute best for both our children, and I would highly reccomend it to anyone in need of a seat for potty training successOur three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his "favowit" color green).
He is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.
My only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle, the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath.
It's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but I can wouldn't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting.
Other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves itI got this for my 11 month old because she was starting to tell us when she was wet and needed a change by pointing to her changing table or upstairs.
Sometimes she would even tell us ahead of time.
D'ohFirst time potty training for our 14 months daughter.
Too many choices available on the market, but trusted all the other reviews on Amazon.
This no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but I really think they did a wonderful job designing it.
Its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.Good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.
Highly recommendedThis is really useful and simple to use.
Really easy to clean.
She discovered that the seat insert makes a great cowboy hat and is also fun to stand in and push around the house and put her toys inside and underneath it.
Just wish I knew before I bought it!
Otherwise, it's a great potty chair!
I think it's well made, a good size and has a nice simple design.
Whoa!
Then again, I haven't seen a potty chair yet that has a way to lock down the bowlMy little two year old daughter is...well...LITTLE.
I bought this potty based on the excellent reviews here and for the most part, it delivered.1.
It was relatively inexpensive.2.
Easy to clean.But, being that my kiddo is a shrimp AND a girl, the molded splash guard thing kept poking her in a highly uncomfortable way when she'd try to sit on this thing and it got to the point where when she'd see this potty she'd scream.
It's inexpensive (but very well made), SUPER easy to clean, has a very comfortable splash guard for boys and is comfortable (I'm assuming).
I originally bought the Safety 1st Potty Chair/stool.
Don't like it at all.
Refused for weeks to do that with the Safety 1st.
Can't say enough good about it.From a parent's stand point, it's the best b/c it's soooo easy to clean.
I'm not clean freak, but this is a huge benefit with anything in the bathroom.Kudos to Baby Bjorn for a simple productWhen starting potty training, this seat was the perfect size for my toddler.
It was comfortable for her height and she was willing to sit on it for more than a minute.
There are rubber grips underneath the seat to prevent it from sliding around.
No complaintsworks great, son loves it.
works perfect for boys.
great quality.
the high back supports my son so he wont feel like he is falling backWe have been loosely potty training, at my daughter's discretion (self-lead...working beautifully) for a little over 6mos, and recently she has become very independent about it all -- she literally holds up her hand to stop us from following her to the bathroom to use the potty sometimes!
We have always just had a cushioned training seat on the big potty, and had recently gotten a potty seat with an attached "step ladder", but she had trouble getting her pants down safely once she was up there, so she couldn't REALLY go and do it by herself.
I thought I would give the floor-potty a chance, and got this one.
and so I showed her that she couljd stand on the floor, take off her own pants/pull-up and go...she did, and the potty is super sturdy, it's the perfect size for her tiny little hiney (she's only 23.6lbs at a little over 2yrs!
), and she had no trouble at all getting on or getting up...the "arm rests" were a great way to help herself get back up - might want to consider that if you are considering the smaller Bjorn potty chair.
In the end, I'm happy with my Bjorn purchase.
The simple design is easy to clean.
My son is well supported in the ergonomic seat that has a wide base and rubber footings so I don't have to worry about him squirming and tipping over.
The bowl is big enough to catch all of his deposits.
It has a great "wrap-around" design that is perfect for my 4-month-old who is just getting familiar with the potty.
For those working on infant potty training, I highly recommend this chair.
It's also very easy to clean.
I bought this because of the sleek look, high back.
It will work fine.
My daughter turns 2 yrs old soon, I will then try her on it if she is readyWe love this potty chair (bought one for each bathroom).
The design is simple.
It is comfortable and easy to use.
My 2 year old son has had no problems with it.
We also have the BabyBjorn potty seat which is great as well.
I like having both so my son can choose whichever he wants (he likes both equally).
Oh well, it's a big overpriced piece of plasticOur son is not potty training yet but, he loves to sit on his potty.
Lots of great colors to choose from.
But she seems very comfortable on itOur first potty for our daughter had one of those squishy foam-type seats.
My daughter chose her own color - I love that there are so many options - and we ended up with a green one.
She loves this potty.
It seems comfortable, and she doesn't get that red ring around her bottom from sitting on it.
And best of all, it's SO EASY TO CLEAN.
The reservoir is compact and can be rinsed in a small bathroom sink, but holds plenty.
If you forget to dump it once, it won't overflow on the second use.My first daughter still prefers this potty over using the adult one.
She's 3.5, and big for her age.
The size of this potty is very versatile, and I think it will last her a good while longer if she needs it to.Now my second daughter is getting to the potty-training age (18 months), and we've invested in a second one in her favorite color, yellow (it's actually a lovely shade).
The same potty that can accomodate my preschooler works just as well for my little toddler, and that's a great feature.I have zero complaints about the Bjorn potty.
It's absolutely worth the extra moneyThis is the ONLY potty I've found that's perfect for boys!
The pee-pee guard is integrated to the seat, so it won't fall off, and is high enough to "keep it all in" if you know what I mean!
We have 4 different types/brands, but he (and I) hates them all.
This one is truly THE BEST.
Super-easy to dump and clean, he likes to do it himself, and the bottom of the potty is rubber-lined so it doesn't slide around when he sits down/gets up.
It's also a really good size "bowl", some are waaay too small to neatly go potty in.
AWESOME potty and the only one I would ever reccomendI love the look and it's appears to clean easily, but we haven't used it much to give good feedback.
Hopefully when we officially start potty training, it will be fineLOVE this potty - it's so easy and comfortable for our son to sit on.
Picked this one up after starting out with a Fisher Price potty that didn't have a splash guard (stupid me!
The design and height are perfect, and the seat is easy to remove and empty (so much better than the ones where you have to slide the potty part out to empty it).
Best potty everI am potty training my 19 month old daughter.
She is my 6th child and I have owned a league of potties over the years.
This potty is super simple to clean which is a BIG bonus over other potties.
I usually just use a clorox wipe to clean it out.
My daughter is 19 months and 24 lbs and this seat is the perfect height for her.
As said, my twin 3 year old sons have used this a few times (when both just gotta go at the same time and one is already on the big potty)and had absolutely no issues with it at all.
he opts for the real toliet, even though it is awkward for himto sitLove this potty!
It's white and matches our bathroom nicely...it blends in.
Recommended also by "Toddler Bargains".
My 2 year old son strongly prefers the pottyPOD, which he finds much more comfortable.
He will not use this one for #2, and mostly only uses it when he knows he needs to get to the potty quickly and this is the one nearby.
He says it is not as comfortable, and he has a tendency to sort of scrunch over when sitting on it.
It is easy to clean and appropriately sized.
Also, he usually needs help getting on it.
He's just shy of 3' tall and weighs about 28lbs.
Who knows hahaMy son is 50th percentile for weight and height, so pretty average sized for a 2 year old.
As lots of reviewers have mentioned, the height of this potty is great, the handholds on the side are a help, the splash guard is built in so there are no pinching problems there, and the back WOULD be nice except...There is about an inch of space between the edge of the bowl and the back of the seat, so that when my son sits on it, the bowl shifts ever so slightly and his bum gets pinched in the back.
The reviews have been so positive on the no-pinching thing that I was stunned by this.
She was potty trained within a month I think due to being able to leave this in the livingroom so she could always see itThis is the best potty chair in our (me and my toddler) opinion.
easy to clean and super comfortable for her.
We are still working on going always on the potty, but she loves the potty itself.
It is very basic and sturdy.
I like that it has a separate bowl and my daughter is so proud when she can take it out and flush it down the "big" pottyOur toddler still doesn't use it much, but the few times he has gone to sit on it, the white top with the weird hump on it trips him up and hits him in the wrong place.
It's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.Pros:- There's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere.
I'm guessing he was around 2.5 years old.It came with 2 pieces: a base and a cup.The base has a wide, stable bottom on it to prevent tipping and a nice back on it.
There are no sharp corners - just curves which are very easy to keep clean.
There is a hole in the base; the cup is set into this hole, overlapping the edges.
The edges all slope towards the cup so any liquid drains into the cup.The deflector is not removable; it is all one piece with the cup.
I LOVE this design.
It is smooth so that it will not scratch tender body parts and it cannot get lost.The cup is removed from the TOP of the base!
With my other potty, I had to turn it around and remove the cup from underneath the seat.
With this potty, it was a lot easier for him to empty it without spilling.Having the cup on top also means that he is sitting on the edges of the cup.
There are no gaps or tight corners for pee to get into.
It's rounded corners and pleasing colours are easy to look atWe started potty training my daughter at 2 and a half.
We decided on the BABYBJORN potty chair because it seemed easy to clean, comfortable, and didn't have anything that would make her want to continue to use it as opposed the the real potty.We bought this when she was 2 just to get her used to it.
She sat on it while we were in the bathroom and read her books.
She was comfortable and nothing pinched her causing her to not want to use it.
Eventually she got the idea and started using it herself.
She made sure I did as well.
She enjoyed using this potty, but when the time came to move exclusively to the big potty she wasn't sad to see this go.I'm very happy with this purchase and will purchase another one when we potty train my son.
My son grew out of it LONG before he was potty-trained.
It is easy to clean up and easy for my son to use.
Very lightweightas well.
It is well-made and sturdy; it didn't tip when my son got on or off.
As soon as my son saw it he knew just what it was.
We watch the "Once Upon a Potty" video and the old bowl style potty in it was throwing him off I think.
THis is close enough to that style that he started quoting part of the video upon first site.
Large bowl with lip for boys is a nice feature, no more "flippy" to fish out of the potty bowl.
Can't say enough great things about this potty!
It's a wonderful simple design that makes it super easy to clean.
Love the green color, I think the picture displays the color accurately on my computerWe used this potty chair for both of our daughters, who potty trained at about 2.5 years old.
Its simple design is absolutely ideal for use and cleaning.
The splash guard molded as part of the bowl is excellent, providing protection as well as not being an impediment to the child sitting down.
The smooth plastic without any real corners or edges makes cleaning effortless.
Plus, as an added bonus, it resembles the potty seat depicted in the "Once Upon A Potty" video, so the kids can easily connect the concept to real life.
I highly recommend it, and can't imagine using any other seatThis is a great training potty for toddlers.
It's easy to clean and I like the light color.
Son loves sitting on it and hasn't had any issues at all.
Bought this seat so she could familiarize herself with it beforehand.
Perfect size.
My son used this pot for the entire potty training process.
He had one at home and at both grandparents houses.
The pee guard did its job and the size was great for my "chunky" little oneMy 2.5 year old is a big kid, 40 lbs, 38" tall.
We have the smaller baby bjorn potty we were using but he can't keep his pee in it, he's just too big.
I like that the potty cup comes out to wash, but it often sticks to his bottom as he stands up from it.
We've had urine on the floor several times just because of this.
I ask him to hold the white cup down when he stands up, he just gets over excited when he goes and stands up right away to look inside.
It's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot.
The built in splash guard is great!
Variety of colors.
My triplets are all different shapes and sizes.
We have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him.
Our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no "falling in".
She has no problems what so ever on this!
The splash guard never gets in her way!
It's just the best!
Highly recommendedI bought this for potty training my 2-year old daughter but she wouldn't use it.
However, all kids are different in their potty training likes/dislikes, so I'm only saying it didn't work for us.
She liked the idea of closing the potty lidThis potty seat is perfect.
My daughter is almost 3 so a bigger potty was necessary.
I love the back on this as well as the splash protector in the front.
LOL My little girl picked out the green color herself and it's very pretty.
It's easy and convenient to lift out the white part and pour the pee in the potty.
The bottom has a good grip so it's not sliding all over the floor.
Excellent productThis is a very nice potty seat.
We've had it since my son was 6 months old, and he's been sitting on it on and off since then.
It's a good size, seems comfortable enough for him, is simple, and is easy to dump out and clean.
He's now 21 months and potty training, and the seat is great for him when he comes running over saying "go potty, go potty" and can easily sit and pee.Why only 3 stars?
Because theSummer Infant Lil' Loo Potty, Whiteis essentially the same potty but MUCH cheaper.
We have one BabyBjorn and 2 Summer Infants, and they're all great.
I actually slightly prefer the cheaper Summer InfantWe love this potty.
We've had 4 other potties and this is my favorite.
It is super easy to clean up and the bright colors are great.
My son still loves to sit on his green potty.
He is about 32 pounds and 36 inches & I'm sure he will be using it at home for a while.
BTW, baby bjorn makes 2 potties (and a ring too) this is the larger one.
If you are wanting a smaller one, there little potty is great but would not recommend it if you are starting with an older child as it is rather small (my son loved it at 15/16 months and will use it now but I don't think I would buy one that small for an older childnice potty is easy to clean and looks alot like the adult potty so helps eliminate confusion.
has worked well so farGot this for my daughter (shes 2).
I like it real well.
I would recommend this to others.
I also got the step stool.
She likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she's done....The step is nice too.BabyBjorn Safe Step - White(I got the pink one to match her seat)It stays put and is sturdyI'm surprised this potty got such rave reviews.
My daughter is so uncomfortable with this potty trainer!
The splash guard is what really seems to make it uncomfortable for her.
When she sits on it the splash guard makes her have to sit with her legs open, but as I mentioned the seat is pretty narrow so she can't really sit on it comfortablyThis is the most comfortable potty chair around!
My daughter loved to sit on it for a chair when we first got it and it didn't take long at all for her to start using it as a potty ..she's almost 3 now and still uses it because she says it's more "comfy" than the big potty I think the biggest plus for her is the smooth back rest and the biggest plus for me is it's so so easy to cleanThis was the 3rd potty we bought and I wish we had bought it the first time.
It is the perfect size for my 2 year old son.
This is the potty I will be buying to put on our 2nd floorI bought two of these for my twins when they were 14 months old.
My son was using it by 15 months.
My daughter &#34;practices&#34; on hers.
They are very simple and easy to clean.
Great for smaller tots.
Some other seats were much too big or wide for them.
And, they seem very comfortable to sit on.
The raised back adds supportI'm really surprised at the 5 star reviews for this potty chair.
The splash guard is way too short, my son just pees right over the top of it.
Ugh.
MESSYThis potty works very well for us.
My son likes that it is his size (we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he isn't so into).
It is light enough that he can move it himself, but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits.
Also, we have had no problems whatsoever with pee going everywhere as other reviewers have.Pros:Easy to cleanGrips to the floorSturdyGood colorsRounded edgesCons:Can't remove the splash guardInside bowl can be removed easily by the childWe are taking a soft approach with potty training our 21 month old.
He likes his potty chair and can sit on it comfortably, though isn't really using it much yet.
Like the chair, purchased 2 of them in different colors, good size for tall 21 month old and easy to clean.
I also have the shorter backed version, and they are both good for different reasons.
If I would have known how much I would love this potty, I would have spent the money on it two years prior when we were potty training our first child.
I love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts.
It's pretty unobtrusive color wise, but it is kind of large.
There was one incident where my older son pinched his fingers between the &#34;cup&#34; and the base, but he has since learned and we haven't had any more issues.
There is a band of rubber on the base to keep it from sliding around and it does a good job, but it seems to attract all the dust and hair in the bathroom and they stick to it pretty well, so I have to use a wet rag to rub the stuff off it every couple weeks.
Overall, great product and not too priceyThis is light, safe, easy to clean and attractive.
My daughter likes it and is having no trouble so far using it.
She can easily and safely get on and off it by herself or with help.
It is also easy to cleanThis potty chair is perfect for my daughter as the back is higher up to support her lower back and it doesn't have all the music and sounds to distract her interest in truly trying to go potty.
But is the best.
i wasn't convinced of any other potty.
why?
This potty is simple and sturdy, gets the job done, comfy (my picky daughter never complained, she likes the teddy bear logo on it), and so easy to clean.
Besides, potty training should be as simple and natural as possible, so choose a simple potty.
This is a very sturdy chair with a nice no-slip rubber coating around the bottom edges, and this seems like a chair that will be super easy to clean.
My daughter is not quite ready for this but I am sure this is a great purchaseIt's ok.
It's well made, and doesn't slide on the floor.
She's never been very comfortable on itI LOVE that this is "healthy" materials - HATE that it sticks to my sons bottoms when he stands and in 2 cases pee everywhere (one other case POOP EVERYWHERE!
Its smaller and more easily stored away.
Other than that this one is easy to use as well, inside comes out and outside easy to clean as well.
it's just so big and my son seems to prefer the smart potty as wellThis is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that I have found.
The splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective Thomas potty seat) So I am happy to have this one as a big improvement.
My son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month.
He fits on it just fine and likes that he can lean backI am so pleased with this potty.
It is very comfortable for my 2 1/2 year old.
It is also very easy to keep cleaned upAfter extensive research, I finally settled on this potty chair and I am extremely pleased with my purchase.
Its ergonomic design and rubber bottom makes it comfortable and stable, even on carpet.
It looks remarkably similar to a real potty because if its smooth, white finish.
She now loves to sit on the potty and this one appears to be very comfortable for her.In a nutshell, it is simply made, easy to clean and perfect for potty trainingI bought this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews.
My daughter is tall for her age but not particularly chunky or chubby.
In any case, every time she stood up from this potty chair she also brought a red mark from the circular opening on her bum.
Sometimes when she stood up, the white part actually came up with her.
In my case, my daughter did not find this seat comfortable and did not take to it at all.
I later bought her that Fisher Price one with the face and that sings.
She loves the songs, though it's lower and it is actually wider, so even though she is tall, no problems.
It's collecting dust in my hallway closet right nowThis seat is easy to clean, sturdy and a nice color.
We bought a potty that had a face and would play music but my son thought it was a toy.
Nice arch too for back supportEverything I read said to keep the potty as basic as possible.You can't get more basic than this potty and the winning factor for me is that it is so easy to clean.There aren't any cracks or crevices you need to worry about.I bought it long before I knew my child was ready to use it and placed it in the bathroom as someplace she can hang out while Mommy was in the potty.
If your child was like mine, she wanted to follow you everywhere, even the bathroom.She started sitting on her potty to emulate me.After a bit, she asked to take her pants off and that's how we started potty learning.Since the basin is one wrap around tub, I just life it off to clean and put it back.
I love how long and deep the opening is, and how there is no chance for leakage.
When it comes to potties, the simplest design is definitely the best.
My daughter can lean on it without it tipping over, and she loves to comfortably lean against the backrest while sitting on it.
The shape of this potty ensures that kids sit on it correctly every time.
Even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.I like the back and the arm rests on the sides.
I like its two piece design, and how easy it is to empty.
I like the high back, and so does my son as he likes to "lounge" as he uses it.
All in all, I would probably buy this chair againMy son is a big kid (tall, 28 lb, one year old with chubby legs) and this potty fits him perfectly.
He does not mind sitting on it at all so it must be comfortable to him.
Mess cleans out of it easily tooBought this for my grandson when he comes over.
It's lightweight and easy to move.
My only concern is that it could be bigger.
If you have a boy and get this system, you'll learn what I meanWhen my then 14 month old daughter started to sign "poop" and then within minutes would start going in her diaper, we knew that she was ready to start potty training.
I was nervous about her accidentally sitting on the splash guard or watching for her bottom having a red ring after sitting a while or the seat sticking to her bottom whenever she tried standing up and spilling pee everywhere.
Honestly, I haven't had any of those issues.
Her bottom does have a pink ring on it from the impression of where she was sitting on the potty seat, but it's not like it's sore or that it's an actual bruise.
It has a tall back support and some armrests which is really nice.
My daughter is petite and I'm surprised that she's still kind of tall for this.
I think it's still one of the best potty's out thereOur son loves this potty.
It was delivered quickly, it washes easily, and it is simply wonderful.
Highly recommendMy 18 month old son enjoys sitting on his &#34;potty&#34;.
It seems very comfortable for him, and it is easy to cleanOverall this is a nice little training potty.
Simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.
My son seems to like it just fine but I wish it had a taller splash guard.
My son is 20months old, 3+ ft tall and weighs a little over 30lbs.
He fits on this potty just fine but he ALWAYS tinkles over the splash guard so I have to aim his weewee down for him.
I would not let my son use this by himself at this point (we've only just started potty training) because odds are I will end up with tinkle all over the floorThis fits newborns great so if you are starting early, this is the potty to use.
The bottom is truly non-slip and the whole potty is so stable I use it to help stand up when sitting on the floor next to itWe practice EC and have used this potty chair and the toilet for pee and poop since our baby was an infant.
Our baby has learned to tell us when she needs to go by pointing to her diaper or by removing her diaper.
A great tool for parents and kidsDelivered timely, item as described, very nice and well made just as pictured, we are very happyI love this potty, we have one upstairs and one downstairs.
My son doesn't mind using it, it is incredibly easy to wash, get oneThis is a great potty.
He's only 9 months old, but we started potty training at 6.5 months.
He loves it and stays put there.
Easy to cleanPerfect size for toddler2 parts so no complicated set up (The bowl & seat)No small nooks or crannies that can build up moldDurable plasticPortableEasy clean upConCan potentially slide easily along floorCan also potentially be flipped over by toddler if not carefulGreat size, washes well, like the red color.
My son willingly sits and stays on it and that's about all I can ask forWe have just started potty training my 22-month old, and haven't used this chair very much.
It is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.
It is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors.
I bought this because I read many lukewarm reviews on the potty chairs that sing and light up and do fancy things like dispense stickers...we wanted something simple and basic, and this fits the bill.
My only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.
Other than that, it is greatI bought this because of the excellent reviews, so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3'3" & 30 pounds.
It's not great to start potty training with a painful experience.
He is now afraid of it.I don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now.
I wouldn't recommend this potty for larger childrenI wanted a chair with a removable bowl, but now that I've seen my son grab it and attempt to dump it out, part of me wishes I'd have gone for a toilet adapter style.If this is the style you want though, it's durable and sleek in appearance (for a potty chair, anyway).ETA: OK, now I'm glad that the bowl is removable as we're using it more, but you do have to watch for spills.
He prefers flushing and using the big boy toilet.We will take this in the car for emergenciesThis potty chair is awesome!
I have had this chair for about two weeks.
I bought it for my sixteen-month-old daughter.
When the box arrived, I took it into my daughter's room (I had already cut through the tape) and we opened it together.
She immediately sat down on it and opened her book.I didn't intend to start potty training her until after the holidays.
She hasn't said any of those words yet.
However, she is starting to comprehend the words.
I was so impressed!About the chair:It's so perfectly simple!
It is just the base and the bowl that the poop and pee go into.
The bowl has a fairly high and wide splash guard, but it's not so big that it is difficult for her to sit and get situated.
The bowl doesn't have anything to lock it into place, so be sure to teach your child not to play with it from the very beginning.
It would also be nice if there was a way of locking the bowl into the base so that curious children don't try to take the bowl outwe used this for a short time and eventually it just collected dust.
there's options out there that aren't as clunky if your taking it to goMy two year old loves this chair.
We are just practicing sitting on it right now.
It fits her well and it's easy for her to get on and off it.
It doesn't slide around on the floor and she seems to be comfortable while using itThis is easy to sit the baby on and easy to clean.
The seat is comfortable for her height and fits her bottom and legs very well.
So when i got it, I was nit even sure I can seat him on the potty and keep him seated long enough.
But the seat is so comfortable that he can sit in it and listen to a song for a minute or even two before he gets bored - that is usually enough to get him do his small business there.
Word of caution - when I tried to seat him for the very first time, he tried to just walk out of it and went down head-first - he was not a strong walker back then but I was ready and caught him and put him right back so he did not get scared of the experience.
We had to pick him up to standing until he was about 10.5 months old and became more confident standing and walking though.
He can stand up carefully from it - no stumbles since thenWe really like this potty chair, got this in pink color and it looks very cute.
It's stable but at the same time very light.
The back part is very comfortable i think, it lets ur baby lean back relax and concentrate on the important process :) also its very easy to clean, just take the white part out and wash it.
We are very happy with this productVery good material, nice and sturdy.
Smooth and rounded at all edges.
The design is simple enough to clean all the nooks and crannies and yet perfect for use.
Definitely deserves an award for design!
This potty is higher than a lot of the competitor's brands but it works for us because it's exactly what we needed for our daughterMy daughter has loved her potty.
I am so glad we have our BABYBJORN to help us ECThis was great for potty training and then great for teaching my son to go potty on his own.
I would recommend this chairThe size is perfect for our bathroom (which has about 4x4' of walking floor space), and the shape is great.
It has a nice &#34;splash guard&#34; on the front, so I'm not worried about the little man peeing over the top.
He has yet to use it successfully, but he has been interested in it since the day it arrived!
Training techniques aside, it's a solid little training seatWe've had several potty chairs and I'd say I like this one best.
There aren't a whole lot of cracks and crevices, which makes it easy to clean.
The chair is sturdy and doesn't tip over.
It had been a good potty chair and I was happy to share my good find with my sister-in-law.
She agreed it is a good chairThis is working great for us.
So far she's pee'ed (spelling?)
a few times and does not feel uncomfortable sitting here.
Definitely a great productWe love this potty!!
We're doing elimination communication (&#34;EC&#34;) with our daughter so we started &#34;pottying&#34; her almost as soon as she was born.
Because we didn't know any better at the time, we first used a toilet seat reducer or just held her in the infant-in-arms EC position.
She still needs close supervision though, as she likes to try and stand up out of the seat.I also love that the insert is easily removable.
Every now and again we'll let it soak in warm soapy water, but if it's washed right away after use, it stays quite clean.All in all, this is a great potty and we're very happy with our purchase.
Thanks Baby BjornThis was the second potty we bought for our son, who is almost 3.
I had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.
The basic issue is the splash guard, which really doesn't work at all.
Pee still goes everywhere.
I'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that's nearly impossible.
If I had known that this potty would be no better than others I've tried, I would have saved my moneyMy child actually likes sitting on this so I assume it's comfortable.
Haven't personally tried it myself!
This one worked great - in fact we got three - one for each of the grandparents' homes as well as the toddler's home.
Easy to clean, good fit, the best we foundMy son and I love this potty.
In fact, I only told him once what to do, and he was using it since then.
He loves that he can be independent & his potty makes him feel that.
My son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs.
Cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner.
I only have good words to say about this potty.
When we first started potty training, it was a little too big for her- so if you have a small child, it might be hard for him/her to easily get on and off of it alone.
By the time she was 2.5, she had no issues getting on and off.
The splash guard is great and makes it easy to lift out while still keeping your hands clean.
The potty part is also deep enough to hold anything in it if your child decides to bring you the potty to show you their work :)Great little pottyWe got this to help us with elimination communication on our 6 week old.
She really wasn't digging the in arms position and we weren't feeling confident holding her in it.
Now she is 9 weeks and on good days we are happily catching most of her potty needs.
Right now we keep the potty on our bathroom counter facing the mirror and some lotion bottles, she's loves looking at herself and reaching for the bottles while going.
When she's older we plan to keep it on the floor so she can reach it by herselfI love this potty seat.
Just two simple pieces that are so easy to clean.
This was the best thing I could have bought for all of our potty training kids.
But actually it is perfect.
I would recommend this seat to anyone who has a little one potty training.
We bought all different types.
Potty training just wasn't working.
I actually researched many of these potty chairs right here on amazon and the Babybjorn had the best reviews and comments, so I managed to convince my husband that we should at least try it.
Best decision ever.
My son's potty training excellerated.
Now my youngest likes to just sit on this potty, even fully clothed.
Very glad we made the decision to go with this basic floor pottyThis IS a great potty.
Easy to clean and simple in design, HOWEVER, if your son has learned to stand up to pee, then be prepared for messes and spills over the bowl and under the bowl to clean up.
Of course, we are teaching him to aim in the bottom of the bowl, but in the meantime, we continue to clean up under the bowl because he aims toward the backside of the potty, which then leaks underneath the top piece and onto the floor.I still give it 4 stars because of the simple design, and I love that you just lift the top part and clean/empty it.
I would've gotten their one piece smaller potty, however, my son is 2 1/2 and a big boy, so I wasn't sure if he would fit on the seatOur daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training.
She seems very comfortable sitting on it, I think because of its high back and the little bump in front that kind of keeps her in the right position.
That's a relief for meThis is the best potty that I could find out there.
The size is perfect for our small bathroom, and our 19 month old sits comfortably on it.
I am sure that it would be comfortable for most children who are potty training as well.
This potty is perfect and I recommend it to anyoneIt's your durable, pink average potty chair.
I wish I had bought one that was also a stepstool.
No, he didn't "use" them, just sat on them to test durability, comfort, and function.Durability - solid plastic.
the raised back is very nice additionFunction - The most important aspect.
The raised lip on the front is a MUST for boys.
Raised back is also helpful for holding and guiding your kid down.Highly recommend this for potty training at home.
Avoid the "talking" potties and create your own reward system (M&M;'s work great or there are a ton of potty training apps for phones and tablets).
It took awhile, but now he's using this exclusively.He likes it because it is just his size, doesn't require help from us, and can be put right in front of the tv (we'll have to change this last one soon!).
He will even wait to pee when we are out so he can use his &#34;small potty&#34; at home instead of public toilets.We like it because he uses it, it is easy to clean with the white part coming right out of the chair, and the splash guard is great for the boys.
There's a smaller version of this chair without the back that we take with us when we are out or on vacation tooThis is a very nice potty chair.
I have a small (18 pound) 1 year old and this seat was just a little bit too tall.
I posted side-by-side photo of both of the potties for comparison purposesI just received my son's potty chair two days ago and he absolutely loves it.
My son is a 2 year old and he's rather tall for his age but height has nothing to do with the front piece.
However, it is easy to clean because the bowl just pulls out easilyI love this potty.
Because it only has two pieces to it, its easy to clean.
The high pee-guard means no need to supervise when my son is using it.
What a great potty.
My 18 month old son loves it.
He is just starting out with his potty training.
He pooped and peed on the second day of training and just loves the idea on sitting bottomless on this potty.
Great pottyMy son was so excited when he seen his big boy potty!
This has made training so much fun for him.
I love that it's simple without all the bells and whistles (distractions!)
The gaurd on this is higher than most which is also great for boys to prevent spraying everywhere.
Still in the potty training process, but this is a great starter tool.
But it's beauty is its simplicity.
I would highly recommed the potty training book "Potty training in less than a day".
it's out of print but you might find an used copy onThis is great, partly because it's low-profile and doesn't take up much space, and also (best of all) because it's SO easy to clean!
The plastic seems super-slippery so all potty messes slide off OR are easily wiped away with cleaning solution.
Even the white doesn't discolor over time.
The slight rubber bottom keeps it sticking to tile, so that's convenient.
I would definitely recommend this to any and all looking for a small, simple quality training toilet.
It is attractive looking.
We have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.
Our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.
I think it is easy to clean, just remove the inner seat, empty, and rinse.
My son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.
We are big fans of thisWe love that this seat makes it comfortable for our little boy compared with the wider conversion style potty chairs (the ones that turn into step stools) because the back is higher and it has arm rests.
Another great perk is that it takes up significantly less space.
The no skid rubber bottom is an excellent feature!
Highly recommend this potty chairMy daughter is still only 18 months old, so perhaps I should wait a few more months before writing this review.
My daughter is terrified of this seat.
She hates it, and I'm not sure why.2.
She definitely knows what it is.
However, she stays clear of it.
I think the hollow seat and restrictive sides may be traumatizing to her.
She is much more interested in my potty.3.
Now that I know all of this, I also see the benefits of a potty seat from a clean up perspective.
I think I'll re-sell my unused potty, and buy a potty seat which will be easier for me in the first placeHaving selected this chair based on the reviews here I felt I should give my own.
This was for my first child, now 3 and we bought this over a year ago.
He is fully potty trained now and still uses this seat and I think he'll be using it for a while to come.
It cleans and disinfects very easily and still looks brand new.
He's very comfortable in it and its a very very good fit.
It was a year ago, and it still is.
That took some learning on my part.
The color is cute.
Four starsI started out my son with elimination communication (EC aka early start potty training, of which Amazon carries great books by 3 different offers on the subject) when he was 6 wks old.
The pee gaurd is in the opinion of more than just our family, TERRIBLE for toddlers!
I am not usually into frills and over the top plastic toys but I love the fisher price potty we got him instead.
I love it.
My son actually uses it.
It has a REMOVABLE splash gaurd.
Our boy pees standing up anyhow - just like Papa!
I thought the smiley face silly at first but since it makes my son like it more it kinda makes me happy now.
And the potty seat removes so you can put it on your toiletseat for easing toddlers nerves when moving onto to toilet training.
This is my granddaughters favorite.
I love itOur son just turned two and we have begun introducing him to his own potty.
Cute color, yellow lining on bottom of potty.
This one is easy to clean...must be pretty comfortable because my kid will sit on it and read in the bathroom...it is the perfect height...and has a nice seat back....best part, it doesn't tip over (yet at least).
Not sure how it works for boys...but for a girl it worked wellI keep this potty as a spare in our master bath (we have other potty seats by Bjorn).
My son loves this potty, and so do I.
The simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
I love how sturdy their designs arebecause while i liked how it looked my son didnt want to use it.
i ended up with an elmo potty that flushes.
he doesnt seem so interested in that one either.
It's small, convenient and gets the job done.
The back rest really helps the baby.
She is 17 months and we are just starting to introduce her to the potty.
It is sturdy and bright.
I bought this for my son when he was 8mths old and we have been using it for BM's.
It works great.
I don't always catch the BM's but have to clean a lot fewer ones by using the toilet.This seat is comfortable and I like the back part because he can sit back without falling over.
If he is not positioned quite right he might pee outside but for the most part if you are watching closely it contains everything just fineMy daughter loves this potty.
She actually thinks using it is fun.
My wife and I have bought a few other potties that just didn't work that well.
This one is perfect.
We are so happy we bought itThis was our second potty for my daughter as the first one was too difficult for her to sit on.
She had loved this potty since day 1 and she likes the little bear logo on the front.
Like the gray color tooWe are just now introducing the potty to my toddler; therefore, have yet to use it in its full capacity.
He appears to fit great on it and it looks as it it will be easy to cleanThe seat is the perfect size for toddlers, contoured to be comfortable, and designed to be easy to clean.
The raised front of the white part serves as both a pommel/hand rest and a splash guard.
The white bowl is deep enough to prevent most splashes.
The seat does not slide on tile flooring.
When your baby is done, just lift the white bowl and clean.
Perfect potty training chair.
Fits almost anywhere and is very lightI was looking for a potty to use for baby potty training, he's 6 months old and in the 25th precentile.
I saw that some people commented that it was small, which is what i was actually looking for, and it works great for us.
The baby wipes container is perfectI purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.
I use them as burp cloths and to have handy in case of spills or other baby related messes.
They are absorbent and comfortable to use.
They are soft, so they don't scratch my babies face when I clean his mouth.
I first bought 1 package and then went back for more.
These are the consistency of cheesecloth - I mean like, see-through!
However, the same brand, with the absorbent center pad, is much betterThese for cloth diapering?
Um, no way.
These for burp cloths?
Absolutely!
While I still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use, they are not nearly as absorbent as these Gerber cloth diapers.
My child is not even all that prone to throwing up and the other burp cloths are still not enough...
These are easily washed and inexpensive... admittedly not as pretty, but most mothers get over "pretty" real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time!
I accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold, and fortunately, received these.
They are large - 27"x 27" square and are essential for baby care.
I still use them every day and my son is almost a year old.
I used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day.
They work great as burp cloths, and are superb for wiping up other food messes.
Additionally, I found they work as a light blanket during the summer months.
Extremely durable, fold-up rather small for travel, and launder well.
101 uses, I love themThe can never be used as DIAPERS!
They are cheese cloth.
Absorbent, soft, inexpensive, held up well after many MANY washes, no stains, ect.
When she was a newborn, she'd holler whenever we tried to put one on her.
You could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapersthese are great.
got them in 2009 for my son - never used as a diaper... these came in handy in a bath, and when baby was falling asleep he would use it to cover himself .
They do look gauzy, but fold them over once, and they're thick enough to absorb most of my baby's spit-ups entirely, and (apologies if this gets graphic) even a single layer is effective at catching all the chunky bits in spit-up which can cause your clothes to smell.
They are so absorbent, so effective, so economical, and so handy.
I keep a tall stack on my coffee table, and I'm always ready for errant bodily fluids.I also occasionally use these to wipe up all manner of spills.
They're extremely effective at drying dishes and wiping down counter tops.
In a pinch, they make great handkerchiefs for my runny nose when I'm out for a walk with the stroller.
I also fold them and put them in my baby's (all-in-one-cloth) diaper if I want to give it a bit more absorbing power.
They don't take up much room in the laundry, so you might as well use them liberally and keep the rest of your life clean and dryI just received these as a gift and will be returning them.
You can see right through them.
I don't use them.
I think I will try to use them as burp cloths as they are useless to me right nowI'm a first time mother, and no one told me about using cloth diapers for just about everything (apparently all mothers know this).
My friend bought me a pack for my shower, and I now use them for burp cloths, lap pads, covering my son when changing him (another mother's secret--to prevent being urinated on), etc.
Apparently they make great dust rags when baby grows upLove that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look.
I bought them as "temporary burp cloths" while deciding on some others.
I now use these exclusively.
I think these would also be great for household cleaning as well (I'd use separate ones for those).
These also make a great light-weight, breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in Texas, so this is a huge plusI just want to start of saying that I had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby.
I had used Gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.
.
.
I couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch.
As far as burp cloths, the Gerber prefold diapers work awesome for thoseI do not use these as diapers, but I couldn't live w/o them.
When my baby was really little, I used them on the changing pad to keep from having to change the changing pad cover constantly.
These are also the best burp cloths.
But I don't.These are absolutely the cheapest way to cloth diaper a baby if you want to buy new diapers.
They're an ultra-basic birdseye cotton.
MANY modern cotton flats are birdseye.
BUT after a few washes, they are super-soft.
I really cannot over-talk how wonderfully soft they are.
They're a very close second to the flannel receiving blankets I also use as diapers.For comparison, I bought some OsoCozy flats, also sold here on Amazon, back in January.
Those flats are visibly thicker.
They work perfectly for small babies--yes, they even contain breastfed poop!--and once your babe has outgrown their intended use, they are FANTASTIC for stuffing pockets, lining gDiapers (this is my usual use for them these days), and using as doublers for fitted diapers or overnight diapersThese looked huge when I took them out of the package!
Don't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash.
These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you don't have to worry about staining them.
They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached.
After the first wash, they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue.
In short, I love them.
I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day.
I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that!
I love pumping and storing milk in them.
I hear they're great slow flow nipples however I'd be happy with just the bottles in this seti use this to store breastmilk so my husband can feed the baby.
i also use the bottles to freeze breastmilk.
its great because its compatible for the medela pump but my baby isnt that fond of the nipples.
otherwise you are better off with avent or gerber new traditionsI did not buy this, but I have the Medela Pump In Style.
They are very durable & dishwasher safe.
I have a medela pump also.
My daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well, except for with the slow flow nipples - I recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out.
Each bottle is the perfect amount for 1-2 feedings for my 6-week old baby.
--my husband tried them once while I was away (when we first bought them) and she hated them.
I can pump straight into the bottles.
I just use the bottle occasionally so this item works great for me.
The nipples are a fast flow so the first time I fed my baby, the milk flow was too fast.
I just picked up geber nuk slow flow nipples and it's perfect for my babyI have not had a problem with using these bottles on my older model of the medela pump.
Needed the extra set.
It was highly recommended by the hospital, so I bought TWO sets of these bottles before my baby was born.
After breastfeeding for about four or more weeks, I tried to get her to take a bottle and she refused the Medela nipple.
We also tried the Avent nipple and she didn't like those, either.
We finally ended up with the Playtex Premium.
She only needed a small amount of coaxing to take those.
Now she's a pro!
The extra bottles come in handy for transporting milk to daycare and for expressing milk on the job.
Wouldn't live without the extra setThe bottle quality isn't great for the price.
Dr. Brown's bottles (the narrow ones) screw right into the Pump In Style.
So you can pump and use, just as you would with these bottles.
If you use regular bottles, the Evenflo set is 1/3 of the price and fits right in.
Or you can buy Evenflo bottles without the nipples for $4.99 to pour into other brands of bottles.
I use Dr. Brown's - since those are pricey, when I use up all of those, I just use the Evenflo to store extra milk and pour it into the Dr. Brown's bottlesThese bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.
My baby hates them for feeding, however.
I now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into Playtex Nurser bottles.
I bought the Medela system when I was pregnant b/c I wanted what was best for my baby...and I was led to believe that Medela nipples would be most like the breast.
Um, no.
Take one look at them and it's pretty clear.
My baby wouldn't even take it in her mouth.
She instantly responded to the Playtex nipples, however.
Much, much betterI needed to pump when I went back to work and I bought a couple of these on top of those that were provided with the Medela Pump In Style.
Well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.
Milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth (3 mos now).
I did some research and found bottles made my Mother's Milkmate (mothersmilkmate.com or on ebay) These bottles are compatible with the Madela breast pump and nipple rings.
The refrigerator storage system is great too, you have to check out the website to understand what I mean.
If you love these bottles, you've love the milkmate ones as well.Hope this helps and saves you moneywe used these bottle because they are compatible with the medela pump.
the 5oz capacity is much better than the tiny 2oz ones.
my wife was very happy when they came.
But these bottles work wonderfully with formula!My daughter retains much less air with the Medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well.
I found that when I sterilize Gerber nipples they become "gummy" and "sticky", but the Medela brand holds up very well in our sterilizer.I think the Medela bottles stand the test of time, which ends up saving you money in the long run and my baby LOVES themI love medela bottles, I love that they are BPA free.
They look horrible and my two month old daughter does not like them at all.
I went online and got other medela nipples, those she likesI use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump, and I really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly.
I like having many bottles on hand so that I don't need to wash them every day.
I use Avent bottles as my baby seems to like the shape and flow of the newborn nipples (these nipples seem too fast-flowingDon't bother with these.
It is much easier to buy storage bags.
If you are pumping full time, you will be storing alot more than 4 bottles at a time.
I also found that I did not like these bottles for feeding because they do nothing to prevent air from entering baby's belly and the result is gas or worse, colic.They also flow too fast for newbornsThese are great to put under a Pack-N-Play, or on top of a changing table.
Or even to change baby on the floor, or on the go.
They are soft, absorbent, and portableI use this for my portable changing pad and under the sheet in my daughters cradle.
It is a bit wide for my cradle, so I just tuck in the sides.
It is wide for the portable changing pad, but still works goodFirst, these really do protect bedding against leaks and spills.
This protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs.
I must admit that after washing, these pads did pill but this did not deteriorate their effectiveness.
I'd go to Target for the softer, thinner, prettier, and just as effective smaller size.
Both work just as well but one is more confortable on the goi got these to put on my bed for my son's morning massage-cuz by now it's no secret what little boys do once those nappies come off!
i am back to using a regular sheet folded overI love these pads!
It is so soft and absorbent!
Mine has not pilled and has gone through many washings.
I ended using it in my diaper bag since the changing places in public restrooms don't always appear clean.
It fits so much better in my diaper bag than a bulky changing pad and my daughter likes better since not cold.
Another was placed downstairs with wipes and diapers in a basket for quick changes on the couch and everyone loved using them.Great price and you will get your moneys worth out of them.
Will use for next bundle of joyThis pad is great to place under your sheets in parent's bed where mom sleeps and nurses.
Just the right size to shield mattress from excess breastmilkI have 2 packs in different sizes.
On the package it's advertized as a burp cloth.
It's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp.
It stayed strong after several washes.
I used to lay my daughter on it to protect her mattress or sheets, but I find that it doesn"t breathe well enough and when she had baby acne it made the break-outs much worseI bought it for the playpen, which it says it fits.
It doesn't.
I bought it because I can use it on his crib or it says a twin bed, which is would be too small for.
It does it's job at keeping the bed clean from wetness which is all I needI recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad.
I have about 4 of them and they are essential.
I use John Lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
It's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourselfThis pad can be used for anything!
I use one under my sheets in the area my son likes to spit up on, under him during &quot;let's give that touschi some air&quot; time, and as a take along for diaper changes...no one's going to tell you but they secretly don't want you to change your baby on their bed or sofa!
Go figure.Also, unlike their cousin the 'Quilted Crib Mattress Pad' it doesn't pill up enough to careThis product seems great.
You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.
We have them in different sizes for the Crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.
They absorb great and wash with no problems.
Very affordable and worth every penny.
I highly recommend to every parentThis pad fits my Arm's Reach Co-sleeper great.
I bought this to put between the mattress and sheet.
The pad gives it more cushion and will absorb any leaks if they happen.
I washed it and the pad washed greatit's not waterproof.
i don't like it that muchI use this and the smaller ones all the time.
I have this in the crib as a mattress pad, I put it on the changing table over the cover for an extra barrier.
I use the smaller ones when traveling to lay down to change my child in public areas (those koala tables) They are durable and easy to clean.
Everyone should have a few of theseI bought two of these and I just love them.
I use both of them at the same time--one for his head, the other for his butt.
They're getting a little fuzzy now that they've been through the wash a few times, but for $7, I think these pads are a great buyI used this to protect the Pack N Play and crib mattresses, which proved very effective.
However, as a regular changing pad, it spends more time in the bleach bucket than in the nursery!
The only reason I can think to use the quarter sized sheets is for the annual visit with Santa.
Santa might appreciate thatI have several of these - one under the sheet on the crib and one under the sheet to my pack and play.
LOVE THEM!
Great item to haveI use this pad on top of my son's mattress as well as the smaller sizes for his playard bassinet and the changing table.
My daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table, so I use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house.
They worked wonderfully.
That helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floorsOf all of my baby purchases, these have been used the most!
Since my baby is only 6 weeks old, I keep him in the bedroom with me at night.
The one in the diaper bag is also very useful--much more practical than the plastic covered changing pads that come with diaper bags.
I will buy these for all of my frieds having babies--I recommed getting at least 3 or 4 of them to keep aroundThese pads have definitely come in handy.
They are super absorbent, very easy to clean and a perfect size for many different things.
When my daughter first came home I used them under her, on my counter near the sink to sponge bathe her.
I also have two at Grandma's for changing and laying on the bed.
I would recommend buying a pack even if you don't think you'll need them because I guarantee they will be put to good useThese pads are soft and absorbent - just the right size to put on a cradle.
The smaller size is perfect for laying on top of a changing table.
They wash well and I haven't noticed shrinkage.
Good value and worth having a couple of different sizes on handThese pads are very absorbent and certainly serve the purpose, but they don't look very good after you wash them.
For the price I suppose you can't expect much, but the Carter's lap pads wash much better.
If you are going to get some, use them under things and buy the white ones.
The colors seem to show the pilling more.
I used to use them on top of the changing pad, but my baby is only 2 months old and they already look quite oldI love my pad, I use it under my bassinet sheet.
It has proven to be very durable.
I also have the mattress pad made by this company as well.
Worth every pennyThis pad is perfect for our playard.
Great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the priceThese pads are wonderful!!
They are great and have held up wonderfully wash after wash.
Very affordable and very versatileWe've tried a lot of different sipper cups, but these are our absolute favorites!
We've been using them for 17 years.
The valves are easy to remove and to clean, unlike other brands that grow mold inside a valve you can't really clean out.
Unfortunately, we received pink and purple flowered ones.
I'm not sure if there's a way to request a boy-theme or not, but we'll probably order again sometime soon and take our chancesWe have tried so many sippy cups over the years and these are the best.
My kids are 6 1/2 years apart and I used these sippy cups for my oldest.
I tried other hard spout cups but he didn't like them.
Looked on Amazon and so glad that I found them.
My son loves these.
They are easy to clean, don't leak and he happily drinks out of them.
I highly recommend these cupsI'm a huge fan of Playtex sippies.
They last us for years.
I like the insulated ones better but for the price these were worth itThese have been around for a long time, and it's because they're the best.
We have several different kinds of sippy cups, but these are the most dependable and the easiest.
Definitely a favorite in our householdThese cups don't spill, but the liquid comes out too fast for my daughter.
So if your baby is fine with a faster flow... go for it!
It's a great cup that way, totally spillproof!
The valves are easy to put in and take out, my child only has water and milk still so I am not sure how well they will work for juiceWe've been using these cups since my son was around 8 months.
He had another sippy with a silicon tip and handles at first, but we wanted to introduce a cup that he could use for many years to come.
This is it!
It hasn't leaked once.
I love that this cup will fit in most cup holders.
It's super easy to clean with it's THREE parts.
You can use them as regular drinking cups for older kidsLast year when I was pregnant, I asked other moms which cups and bottles to use.
A few told me playtex, but most told me Avent bottles and sippy cups were the only way to go.
Well, I decided to go Avent, and here I am writing a review for a playtex sippy cup.
The spout leaks (nothing magic about those cups) and the collars can leak too.
I finally decided after 5 months of using Avent magic cups with little success, to give the &quot;hard to use&quot; (as one mom had classified) playtex cup a try.
The difference was astounding.
My daughter could easily drink from this cup on the first try.
The cup is easy to clean (its only 3 pieces as opposed to the 5 or 6(w/handles) pieces for the avent cup), assemble and use.
I should mention that Idoes not leak,relatively easy to clean,nothing to chew trough (it is amazing that a replacement part for a soft spout may cost as much as a new sippy)and yes, the bottle is finally goneThe only time I've had one of these sippy cups leak is from operator error.
I have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best.
I loved these so much, I couldn't bring myself to get rid of themthe last set that I bought was the wrong colors but I used them anyhow...they wash good and last longMy wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so I decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak.
There is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out.
I think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles.
After you stop using, the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them.
Great choice.
Highly recommendedWe have been through soooooooo many sippy cups.
My kids only like these.
They don't leak and they stand up to a million dishwasher cycles.
I should probably take apart the top pieces every once and awhile ... but I don'tIt said colors may vary but I got the same as shown.
Wish you can pick out your own but these will do for nowI have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away.
I use to think that using the soft sippy cups was a great transition from bottles..NOT!!
these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid.
I got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so sillyWhile I agree these cups don't leak, they are difficult to get clean.
Oops.
Well he won't use them of course, but that's fine my 3 year old daughter just added them to her collection and I will pick up more cups for him somewhere else.
Cups work fine thoughI like these cups a lot.
I love the colors.
They are easy to use and easy to wash. My toddler loves them.
I haven't had any issues with the cups leaking and I have been using them for 6 months.
They seem sturdy even after I have been washing them in the dishwasher since day one.
If you have a bunch of bottles anyway, you can just buy a pack of sealing discs for about $4 and use those insteadIf you are using Avent bottles, these storage containers are a must.
Very convenient and versatile (use as bottles, sippy cups, storing breastmilk, babyfood), easy to clean.
Nice size to take to work or anywhere.
You can use these with the Medela Pump in Style breast pump, but you need to buy an adaptor from AventThese are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk.
Unlike some of the reviews I read, I have experienced no leaking thusfar.
I use a Medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful (and they are acrylic, so reheating is much easier).
However, I can deal with the smaller size because overall it is such a great productI love these breastmilk storage containers.
They are great.
Perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.
I will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.
I like making a few bottles at night then later at night as I need them I warm a bottle take storage top off and add a nipple and I am ready to feed my daughter.
I love all the avent products because of how easy everything is to useI love this containers.
First of all, I am a big fan of the Isis Breast Pump, so these containers are perfect for me.
I express into these containers--freeze them--thaw them out--replace the sealing disc with the nipple--warm it up.
Then my husband is ready to feed the baby.
PerfectI use the Medela pump - but their thin bottles and simple caps don't seem like they have the ability to keep the milk fresh.
I love these containers for this use.
It takes FOREVER to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles.
These work well with the Avent on the Go breast pump system.
LOVE THEMThese are great.
They don't leak and are nice and sturdy.
The tops come off and nipple tops can be directly attached.
I love Avent products and these are wonderful.They attach to the bottom of the Avent VIA Isis pump directly which was nice.
Great for storage of baby food later on as well.
Tops can be used with 9ounce bottles as wellWe have purchased 3 inflatable snug-tubs from Kelgar.
The infant size tub was fine, and still works okay after 2 years.
!The second one arrived with a slow leak in the same place as the previous toddler size snug-tub.
They never responded to my friendly letter.
I mean, come on, how hard is it to throw a piece of plastic that weights about 8 ounces in the mail to keep a customer happy?
Big surprise.Although not quite as cushy as this tub, I would highly recommend getting your baby or toddler the PRIMO EuroBath instead.
We got it after having to give up on inflatables, and it is roomy, comfortable, and DURABLE, unlike Kel-Gar's products.
4.5 stars with 750 reviews on Amazon- you can't beat that!PRIMO EuroBath Pearl WhiteThis is great!
My 6 month old doesn't slide around in this and it's easy for me to rest my arm on the tub while washing her.
It even has a suction cup so it doesn't slide around in the tub.
Yes, it is more strenuous for my back but it's good fun and exercise for my baby.
This keeps it out of the way though the tub does have a suction cup which works.I can't wait till my baby sits up - I envision putting the Snug Tub out on the porch for her to play in.
O, by the way, I haven't reinflated it once since I bought it (about 2 months ago or so)- yes, some of the air escaped, as with all inflatables, but it's still sturdy enough.
I also sometimes put a blanket in it and let my daughter 'sit' in it and play with her toys.
Not with this one though.
A good size, no frills, and a suction cup that worked well for mounting it to the shower wall when we were finished using it.
It worked great, until we started noticing slow leaks.
We'd super glue one, only to find another a few weeks later.
Since this tub worked so well for us until it split and we love the suction cup, we just bought another one.
This one works great.
So far so good.
My 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun.
I bought the Safety 1st Splash Infant Bath Cushion, Blue to go in it.
This works great!
My son was way to big for the baby tub.
This works great.
Soft, blows up easily, roomy but not too roomy.
This is a good productThis is perfect for my 15 month baby whose 32 inches long, 26 lbs., it's well made and not slippery at all, easy to clean and the suction cup hold the tub really well.
After reading another customer's review I also purchased a sponge for the bottom and have had no problems with him slipping under water.
It smelled VERY STRONGLY of plastic so I had to wait a couple of days to use it, I recommend airing it out.
My son loves this tub.
The suction cup on the back is awesome for hanging it up out of the way in the shower when we're done with it.
We keep it blown up and don't use the drain plug, we just tip it up to drain it because I read another review that the drain plug got warped and started to leak.
I'm avoiding that by just tipping it up to pour the water out.
Working perfectly so farI was hoping this would be a good transition tub for my 6 month old who is growing out of the tub that fits in the sink.If you are in the same situation, I caution you with this purchase -1) It reeks like plastic and has for weeks.2) it is dangerously slippery.
It has a strong new-shower-curtain/new-pool-toy smell when you first open it, and I let it air out for a few days before using it.
I wanted to push the tub toward the back of the larger house tub so that our son was not tempted to pull up on the faucets.
So the tub works, but you can only put it in one place in the front.
Other than that, it is inexpensive and keeps our son contained and safeAs soon as my (large!)
He loves it!!
I really think it is a good transition to the tub.
It is not real deep and she has lots of room but it still makes her feel safe and secureThis tub is perfect for my 15 mo old girl, and we use it as our everyday tub and also take it when we travel.
I also like the suction cup to hang the tub to bath side for drying purposes.
I liked being able to use the tub in the middle of the big tub so my baby was never in close proximity to the faucet or water controls.
The vinyl is a nice quality, and I ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.
Once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but I'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use itIt's easily inflated and my baby has a blast sitting in this thing.
And on the rare occasion when my baby accidentally bumps her bead on the side, well, it's all soft and bouncy so she never hurt herselfMy son outgrew his infant tub so I tried to bath him in a regular tub - wasn't having it!
This fit the bill.
I am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when I have to wash his bottom.
He loves it!
I always do so I don't know how it stains but it doesWe got this for our 7 month old twins who have just started sitting up alone but are still a bit wobbly.
It's a great tub if you get one that holds airWhen my daughter outgrew her infant tub, we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath.
This snug tub has worked wonderfully.
She is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips.
It's very safe and fits snugly in our shower.
This tub is the perfect solution.
My baby loves it.
I started using it around 4 months when he could lean against it, and now that he can sit and move around more it still is the perfect bath solution.
Love that it has a suction on it too to hang upGreat fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast.
The bottom part under the baby's butt blows up separately than the sides, which is nice because my 6 month old was unstable sitting on the blown up bottom at first.
I think that's more an issue with my very active daughter than the tub thoughPre-cursory note: we are fortunate to have a very happy baby and I mean happy- always smiling, giggling - ust happy!
We tried letting her play with it in her room but she wasn't having it.
No way, Jose on this one!
So we deflated it and don't use it.
She is in the regular "big girl" tub now and is perfectly happy.
Crisis averted, everyone is happy.
The tub is slightly wedge shaped, to help "lock it in" to your tub.
We have been using it for 5 months with no problems, little man is now 1 yearI wanted this to use for the baby while I showered, and for him to play in while I dried off.
I tried scrubbing with vinegar and baking soda, and some bleach.
It mostly came off but was still in the cracks.
This tub is great, I even use it at home.
I started using this tub when my son was 6 months, he is now 9 months old.
Returned itWe had the Fisher Price whale tub for my baby, and as she started to get bigger and we removed the middle ledge in the tub she'd often slide down towards the water.
Also, splashing got to be a bit messy on the counter top.
I purchased this, and have used it for a few months - it's perfect!
I've had to add some air to it once, but other than that I just rinse it out after each use.
She likes to either lean back or sit in the middle and play.
I wish we had started using it earlier.
We have been VERY happy with thisI researched a lot of tubs before buying this one, and I am happy with my decision.
I wanted the biggest one available so he would be able to use it for awhile before growing out of it.
It has wide sides, is tall and long.
It is pretty good with being nonslip.
The only downside is I haven't been able to get the suction cup to work to allow it to hang dry so I just set it up in the tub to let it dryMy baby boy loved this toy so much it kept him intrigued and I would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investmentMy little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old.
I purchased this item and read the previous reviews.
Great item...its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :) Another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet, it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and doesn't deflate easily (it's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since I've purchased the item).Only CON is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned, the tub is slippery.
So I bought the Green Spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhereThis is a nice enough tub but nothing special enough to warrant five stars.
I like the Safety 1st Kirby Inflatable Tub better than this one because it is deeper and the bottom plug is cushioned better the SnugTub's.
So far so goodThe DEX Pillow is great.
I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and I am 21 weeks along.
The pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.
This pillow is easy to change sides with.
Before pregnancy I slept on my belly.
I find that this pillow has really helped me transition from being a belly sleeper to a side sleeperI bought this wedge as my stomach started getting bigger to find some comfort sleeping at night.
It felt worthless for what I wanted.
I ended up buying a 12&#34; 7.5&#34; tall wedge with memory foam that is a lifesaverIt is a small pillow, most useful underneath another pillow to give you a little elevation.
It's really too uncomfortable to lay directly on it, maybe if you just wanted to put it between your legs it'd be okay.
My wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back (and only 4" tall) isn't going to help.
I promise she will love it and youI bought this pillow on a whim not having much faith since it was only $9.99.
By my 5th month I my would wake up with my hips aching.
Just wedging the pillow under my side would make all the difference in the worldI think we bought this for $8.
I am 7 months along and I didn't realize that I needed to 'lift' my belly a bit.
Works great.
A lot more sturdy than I thought.
But overall, it's just ok.
It's very firm so not super comfortable but I still use it.
Not even using.
Makes me more uncomfortableI had two of these.
I didn't like the HUGE pregnancy pillows that take most of your bed and force your husband to sleep on the couch!
So, these were perfect!!
Easily adjustable and secure.
does tend to squish into a set position but i liked that.
Really nice for the priceI got this pillow and when it arrived I was disappointed.
A few weeks later I started using it between my knees while I slept on my side.
I also used it under my growing belly so It wouldn't hang.
I used it all the time.
This is a very small wedge, but I don't think you'd want something any bigger or softer to support a growing belly.
She was using it mostly on the couch while using a microbead body pillow in bed.
Sometimes it is under her belly.
Sometimes it is wedged into her back.
Sometimes it just helps to support the arm that has the IV in it.
We are hoping to make it another 4 weeks or more, so I think I got my money's worth out of this.
I'm glad I found something to make her a bit more comfortable.ETA: Found another use for the pillow.
It is just enough to wedge under my hip & keep me off of my vena cava (now 7 months along.)
It does not solve all of my comfort issues, but it gives me peace of mind that I'm not laying flat while I sleep (which I find myself doing without it.)
It seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head.
And when I'm done using it for that, it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow.
It worked okay during my second trimester.
It was very uncomfortable.
Maybe I'll try it again later when my tummy gets even bigger.
Once my tummy got bigger, the pillow was no longer uncomfortable and actually helps support my belly very much.
It is a good value.
I have put it away and expect to use it when my belly gets biggerAs other reviewers have mentioned, this is not for car seats.
However, it doesn't have to do with crash testing issues.
The reason had to do with how your baby will fit in the seat.
The technician did recommend the rolled blanket idea- the blankets will not cause harm to your baby in a crash, and they do not interfere with how the baby fits in the seat at all.I am using mine in the stroller and his swing.
It works well for these items.
I give it three stars because it is not totally uselessWe use this headrest for their bouncy seats only.
I don't use it in their car seats because the smaller part of the head rest only fit their heads for a few weeks and the bigger part is to big for them nowThis headrest is perfect.
Since day one my daughter has been comfy using this.
When she was teeny tiny the insert kept her head from flopping forward.
Now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she's still happy.
At 4 months she has wonderful head control, but I wouldn't put her in her carseat without this.
It sort of lets her head roll all over when we carry her from the house to the car.
For a small baby I wouldn't even think about using the flimsy headrest they give you with the seatI returned the headrest that I received at my baby shower.
), came with their own headrest.
Also, parents should know, that when I had my carseat checked by the sheriff department's trained carseat safety deputy, I was told NOT to use one of these in a carseat UNLESS the seat comes with one that is made to specially fit that seat.
This didn't help her head from going side to side or even forward.
It holds my son's head up straight and let's him sleep without his head flopping everywhere.
I suggest having 2 on hand.
Also, if baby spits up on 1, then you have another to use while you are washing the first oneI don't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it.
It seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids.
As to whether or not it works?
I will never knowThis item seems like a good idea, but after purchasing two I feel that we've fallen victim to "new parent baby marketing".
Our baby wasn't interested at all in sucking on anything in it.
She woudln't even go for fruits that we knew she loved.
My 9 month old daughter loved munching on fruit with this.
But, when I tried to clean it I realized that it was a bit more work than I expected.
The Munchkin brand has a levered top so you don't have a bunch of seperate parts to monkey with.
You will need to not only run it through the dishwasher but also give it a thorough once over.
We started our boy on strawberries with this, as well as bananas (frozen) and frozen little cubes of baby food for him when he was teething.
No worries about him choking as he began to navigate foodThis is great!
I was able to give my child many different types of foods and not worry about him choking.
He loved that he could hold it himself and eat.
I would not live without this tool.
This is my standard baby shower gift now and have recieved many thanks for it.
Wonderful.
I can't say enough good things about itMy baby loved this, even though he won't use a single of the many teethers we've tried.
We use with frozen apples, even ice cube pieces.
Worth the price, as it WORKSWhat a great way to introduce baby to fresh fruit &amp; veggies.
No choking!
My son loves it.
I wish I found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item.
I would still definately recommend this product thoughI received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law.
When I received it, I had NO idea what is was or what it was for.
It's durable and EASY to clean, and replacment "bags" are found pretty much any child storeThis is THE BEST little baby gadget yet.
It's great for teething because you can stuff it with cold fruit and your baby will love sucking away while getting all the juice out of grapes, pineapple, watermelon, even strawberries!
It's great for regular feeding too, since you can now place larger pieces of food inside to give your child a taste of such things as meat, fresh brocolli, etc.
The easy to clean mesh bag does get stained pretty quickly, I tried to boil mine clean with gentle soap and water, but after just two weeks of steady use, the carrots and bananas had stained the bag permanently.
The refill package costs nearly as much as the unit itself, but it's worth the total investment for peace of mind that your baby will NEVER choke on anything they eat through this feeder.
I suggest bringing an extra along in the diaper bag -- it's a great thing to have on tripsI bought this when my daughter was 6 months old to help her learn to chew.
She is teething also so I thought it would definitely go in her mouth often, but she enjoyed throwing it around insteadI didn't find it too dificult to clean as others commented.
It's good for babies over 6 months but one must understand that the baby might throw it away (sometimes very far away) and then all the food is gone.
It's a cheap item and the baby might have fun as mine did.
When they get a bit older and holding things for longer, it is very handy to leave the baby busy eating some fruit, for exampleWe started using this feeder when my son was just 3 months old.
The baby feeder was the perfect answer.You can cut up just about anything and place it in the feeder bag.
We even put lightly frozen grapes in it when my son was teething.
We used it mostly for fruit, especially melon, grapes, pears, and strawberries.
I will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder, but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits.
EnjoyWhen my 5-month-old started teething, my father-in-law tried to put crushed ice in a Zip-loc bag so she'd have something to chomp on (she wasn't a fan of chilled teethers).
We started using cold fruit to soothe her gums, but even without teeth she managed to break of chunks and I'd have to pry open her mouth to fish out the pieces.
This simple little plastic and mesh device has worked very well for us.
At first we used to fill it with crushed ice, but then started putting fruits or veggies in (as mentioned on the packaging) and it works great for that as well.
We even take it with us to restaurants so she can chew on pieces of fruit.
He is sensitive to food textures, so he didn't take to the bag at allThis was absolutely fabulous for my family.
We used it with frozen fruit for teething, and just about any snacks my baby wanted to eat.
I never had to worry about her choking and it was so easy to clean.I truely reccomend this product for worry free feedingWouldn't it be nice if the fears of solid feeding could be alleviated?
Wouldn't it be nice if there were something better than those refrigeratable rings to sooth sore, teething gums?
Now there is!After having a small choking incident, which I was able to react quickly to, I bought this to relieve some of my fears.
With the baby safe feeder, your child knaws or sucks on the mesh and the food is dispensed in small quantities that are safe to be swalled by little mouths.I loved this item even more when teething time came around.
She never cared for those teething rings or other teething toys, this was it for us.
She would hold onto the handle and suck cube uppon cube of ice until her pains were relieved.I think every parent should own one of these, it is inexpensive and well worth the moneyI bought this to help with teething and help my baby explore new food without choking.
Overall , it's pretty good.
I have tried it with ice, which she loves, and peas and a frozen peach.
It is easy to clean and she likes it overall.
It works greatI love this idea and so does my son.
Of course supervision is still required but makes you feel safer knowing the baby is eating healthy food and staying safe from chokingIt was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams.
I like the concept of this but in practical use, my 7.5 month old wasn't thrilled about using this.
I only used it a couple times for foods.
My daughter is 11 months and has been teething almost none stop since 3 months...Currently she is cutting her first molars and this helps for her to suck on it and get the cold water back farther than a teething ring wouldI had been using the Gerber bags for quite a while when I ran out and decided to try some of the Medela bags that came with my pump.I frequently just couldn't seem to get the bags to completely seal - and I had NEVER had this problem with the Gerber bags.I always ended up making a mess when trying to use the 'spout' at the bottom of the bag.And the worst part - I didn't realize the twist-ties were cutting into the sides of the bags on more than one occasion.
Using twisties to seal the bags is cumbersome and annoying.I prefer the Lansinoh bags with the double seal.
Even though you can't pump straight into them, sealing them is quick and easyI registered for and received these Medela bags.
After using all 50, I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.
Wow!!
The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.
Well this is the only good feature.
The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer!
Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because I can see I'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.
My medela bags haven't split in the freezer...I'll give them that.
But neither has my Lansinoh bagI actually did not even buy this bags, I only used the ones that came with my Pump in Style.
I had no problems attatching the bags to the shield, but I hated the way you are suppose to close the bags.
I haven't had any problems with leaks(on storage) so far, but it just does not seem right!
but cost less money - and even with double bagging are worth it(it comes with 100 per package and cost less than 5 dollarsI think that I've tried every bag that I have found and have been disappointed with all of them.
My daughter was born prematurely and never really got the hang of breastfeeding.
I wanted her to recieve all of the benefits of breastmilk so I pumped.
I have pumped everday since the day she was born btwn 5 and 8 times a day.
I went through ALOT of bags (I use bottles now) and these were a pain.
I prefer to use the other brands that offer ziplock type closure.
they do not stand up on their own.
if i had it to do over again, i would not buy this productI had some of these that came with my Medela pump and like some other reviewers I thought they would be a good deal since I've really liked my Medela pump.
That didn't make sense to me at all.
I tried the First Years that have a zip-loc top and they've worked better.
They were easy to dispose of if they outdated (there is a place to label them with the date).
None ever leaked for me.
First, these bags do no stand up on there own and it is very inconveniant to carry a little cup around to help fill the bag.
It's not that easy.
My favorite is lansinoh.
Pass on this and try othersI do not like these bags.
The bags are small.
I was SOOO skeptical at first, but I tried them.
LOVE EM!!!
They don't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them.
The twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on.
And I've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - I have to snip the edge with a scissors, which I'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.
All in all, I'm really disappointed in these bags, and the only positive side to them is I haven't had any burst in the freezer...yetAfter using both these bags and the Gerber bags, I prefer the zipper-style closure of the Gerber bags.
They are also much cheaper as you can generally find them at discount stores (Target, etcThere seem to be many negative reviews for these bags, but I have no serious complaints about them.
They are sturdy and hold up well when being reheated.
I recommend these bags and will continue to use for the remainder of my time breast feedingI purchased these bags when I returned to work and began pumping more often.
You can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent.
In additon to this, the cost is ridiculous.
The Gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof.
These bags do not measure up to the Medela name and they should consider a new design.
Returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bagsI love this gadget.
I bought two extra bases for my infant car seat for both my husband's and my mother's car.
Unlike my car, there center seat has a harness strap.
My center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base.
With the harness strap it was just too hard to get the seat in tight enough.
With the mighty tight, it was a snap.
You just hooked it in, cranked it, and voula!!
!That seat isn't going anywhere.
I love it.
It is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.
You must have this if you are trying to secure a seat in a position with a shoulder harnessI have a Britax Chaperone infant carseat and the base has an excellent lock off feature built in.
However I could not get it so tight that it would move less than an inch.
After easily installing the Mighty Tite, it's like the base is a part of the car.
It doesn't move at all.
I am not a particularly strong or large person and it was a breeze to install.
The mighty tite is just collecting dust.
I have no plans of using it or giving it away.
They are great for around-the-house everyday useThis is a great item you cannot do without!
When I was pregnant a friend of ours who is a fireman, told us we must get this.
We had no problems installing it in our Isuzu Rodeo or Honda Civic.
I wouldn't install a baby seat without thisThe mighty-tite is a simple ratchet device, like you see on a come-along or truck tie down.
Very simple to operate, but it takes some getting used to with certain seatbelts.
I put both the main belt and the &quot;extra&quot; strap that you pull to tighten into the ratchet, and crank that puppy right down.
Finally, getting it to release is kind of a pain.
Doesn't always work on the first try.
Now, a ratchet is not supposed to open easily, so it's no big deal, but it takes some work and getting used to.
Perhaps they need some more development on the releaseI believe we can fairly judge the usefulness of this accessory in terms of "before" and "after".
We're on our second car seat now, and I've helped install others for friends, and every car seat has its own installation quirks.
When I install our car seat (before the Mighty Tite), that means getting up on it and bearing down a lot of weight while tugging on it; when my wife does it, it means not being able to get a really tight fit at all.
But if you have to move it even occasionally, I think this accessory is worth the price for a little extra security and peace of mind, plus a few extra minutes saved.The one caveat I provide is that the plastic retainers that hold the strap in have begun to look a little stressed (the way well-used plastic looks before it breaks), so this might not wear well over a multi-year period.
This is not a safety issue, since this part is used only to guide the safety belt, and if it does break, it will still be usable.
Still, one would hope it will not!
I loved it.
He came out of the wreck with only scratches on the top of his head.
Even though the Mighty-Tite makes the seat belt tight so that the car seat itself won't slide around, his car seat still fell over & that is what shielded his body & face from the glass.
My son is now in a booster seat & we don't use the Mighty-Tite anymore, but I am pregnant with my 2nd child, I am definately going to use this product again with this babyI bought this sheet because I believed everything should be &quot;form fitting&quot; if my son was to be in it - to prevent possible suffocation, choking....This sheet was so rough I could not lay my baby on it.
After washing 3-4 times with loads of fabric softener - no difference.I used it once and it's been in the closet ever since.I ended up putting a thin blanket in the packnplay and tucking it into the sides instead.
and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.)
and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes!
we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy offWhile it looks like it would be a great color, it's poorly made (thread count must be super low) and when it comes out of the drier, it has "balls" collected over it which also makes the sheet not-so-soft.
Go for the white!
I have a couple of white pack 'n play sheets and they are holding up much betterIf you are purchasing or have a pack-n-play, these extra sheets are a necessity.
At nine dollars I thought it would be betterI bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.It is NOT waterproof- but what SHEET is?!
I recommend purchasing a 27" size BRU Especially for Baby Brand waterproof pad to go under the sheet (Just like you would buy a waterproof cover for your crib mattress!).
The sheet will hold the pad in place and fit perfectly over top both the pad and mattress.This sheet is durable and launders easily.I was so pleased with this product, I would purchase it again!
I am expecting TWINS, so I purchased another sheet in this color and also TWO of the smaller size for my two Graco Travel Lite Cribs/PNP's.Good job, Graco for coming up with yet another GREAT productWe have a Baby Trend playyard, and these sheets fit perfectly.
).I will agree that these sheets are lint magnets.
The spittle and drool just wipes off, right?
It matches the colors of my pack 'n' play really well.
I have a kolcraft and it fits perfect.
It hasn't faded at all and is very durable.
I would definitely recommend this sheetI got this sheet for my son's Colby Pack n Play as a spare for when his original aheet requires washing.
I would recommend this over white, yellow, certain blues and pinks.
I'm glad I got it and I have no complaints but there is only so much raving you ca do about a piece of fabric so I say, buy it as a backup.
You will need it, especially for preemies, newborns and teething babies/toddlers because they can go through several sets of bedcloths a dayI bought this sheet for a Graco brand pack and play...the sheet is fitted, just not in the traditional sense (there's no elastic) just kind of pockets sewn in the corners.
It stays on OK though.
They are okay sheets that are holding up very well, even through numerous washings.
Oh, and they aren't elasticized, but it is so tricky to get them on the bassinet, I have no worries that they will come up (we haven't used the play yard feature yet).By the way, we've been using them all through a hot Colorado summer; if this were winter I would definitly be looking for something softer and cozierI bought this sheet for my Baby Trend playyard.
I do, however, put a bassinett pad (one of the big lap pads) under the sheet to help with keeping the &quot;mattress&quot; dry.
?Also, keep in mind your wash loads.
I bought this in navy and then realized that everything else I have for baby is pastels.
Other reviewers are right on about the quality.
Here's what I found:Nojo: Terrycloth-like fabric.
There were three colors available at the store (dark blue, light blue, white).
Price $9.99Graco quilted sheet: Very plush, though the fabric is synthetic feeling (I didn't check, but I'd guess poly blend).
Most comfortable of any that I tried.
Will probably use it under a more natural feeling sheet.
Was only available in a dark blue.
Stayed on well, was elasticized and came in at least 4 colors (green, white, blue, yellow).
Price $7.99Koala portable crib sheet: Listed thread count of 220 and it felt like a very decent quality.
Elasticized, available in a variety of colors (pink, white, blue, green, etc) and one of the cheaper ones out there at $6.99Overall, I was VERY pleased with the options out there.
It fits our model perfectly and has withstood many washings well.
The elastic isn't good, and the fabric is just not soft.
I have the Graco Cubby Parade Pack N Play and figured the sheets would be good since they're manufactured by the same company.
They don't fit the pad very well regardless if it's laying flat for the playpen or if it's set up for the bassinet.
Since the bassinet is 3/4 the pad folds up and the sheet doesn't stay put very well at all.
They are also cheaply made.
Thin isn't even the word.
The pad wipes down well and if i'm going to have my daughter in there for a long time I use a waterproof pad under her.
They weren't soft like the others either.
We never used them... You can find ours at Goodwill.
They do the job, but aren't as good as they could be.
Plus, a lot cheaperI love these.
They are very easey to put on and take off.
They wash in the washing machine, and dry in the dryer.
It's a bit much though.
It's only necessary to have two.
Ones in the wash, and ones on the pack and play.
To add comfort I have a waterproof pad under it which I think is a must in playards anyways because it is not easy to clean the matress pad they come with.I have had no problems with bleeding, and I wash it very often and it has held up fineWe have the Travelin Tot Safari Playard and even though this sheet is made for Graco Pack n Plays, it's perfect for my son's playard also.
It's best to have a few on hand for spit up's or leaky diaper'sthese have a crease up the middle and are not the most comfortable.
Haven't used them since and have purchased others to tryI have been using the Lansinoh Disposable Nursing Pads, but were given these Medela ones as a gift.
It was not attractive at all.
The Lansinoh disposable Nursing Pads are much more discrete and comfortable than these.
These are nice that they are reusable but to thick for my tasteThey absorb well.
I started to iron the first one, and my iron began sticking to the pad.
I peeled it off the iron, and there, in a perfect circle, were little melted remnant marks from the thread.
So, off to the drawing board, I will just have to sew my own.
One of my girlfriends said she had tried them and they were very noticeable under her shirt because of the wrinkling, thus, my plan was to iron them smooth after each wash.If you don't mind wrinkles, or are planning on using a padded nursing bra, then I suppose these would work for you...
I hope my research helps you make the best choice for your needs.So far, each brand's strengths were as follows:>Kushies (3star)absorbed moisture immediately so they were the best inner doublers,>La Leche League (3star)appearance was best for use in B/C nursing bras,>Medela (2star) was easy to find in stores and absorption improved with time,>NuAngel (4star)was very affordable.
"White/patterns" absorb a bit faster than "natural" so I like to put "natural" as an outer doubler and "white/patterns" as inner doubler during heavy let-downs.If you only drip a few drops during let-down any one of these brands would be fine.
Organic?, Made in USA/Canada?, Fair Trade?, Construction Material?
Seam/Dart?
Cotton/ Bamboo...?KUSHIES:Single layer/light use 4 starInner doubler 5 starOuter doubler 1 starheavy night solo 1 starRate of absorption 5 star (immediately absorbs 3ml during 2 secs dispersed).Shirt test - back of pad damp in 10 minutes (3ml), shirt not visibly damp, but slightly damp to touchAppearance 2.5 star (deep dart gives nipple effect on C cup(2), becomes less visible with time(3))Best speed of absorption and inner doubler.
Still fresh white color after 2 months use.
Variable speed of absorption.
13-40 seconds to absorb 3ml--improved after 2 months use.
Excellent outer doubler.
95% Cotton/5% Polyester, outer shell 100% cotton, seamless deep contour, 4 pads/pk.MEDELA-baby shower gift:Single layer/light 3 starInner doubler 3 starOuter doubler 2 starheavy night solo 1 starRate of absorption 2 star: (3ml in 23 sec), 3ml within 5-10 seconds after couple months of useShirt test - back of pad damp in 20 minutes, not visible on shirt (3ml)Appearance 3 starAbsorbed 3ml in 23sec, absorption improved thereafter following additional months of use.
White & patterns absorb more quickly than natural tone (3ml in 24sec), absorption improved thereafter following additional month of use.
Probably best to use white alone or as inner doubler depending on anticipated flow, and natural tone as outer or alone if only slowly dripping.
May work especially well for smaller sizes like A or B.
Equivalent to about two & a half washable pads stacked to catch the flow.
Hopefully a washable pad out there can improve on these statistics.
I just haven't met it yet.
I'm still hopeful that the other 2/3 of these brands can provide a more efficient answer.
I will gladly try any brand and report on my findings.Rate of absorption.
2/20= 18 seconds after water dispersed until fully absorbedShirt test: After 1+ month of use, lay pad on favorite tank top, apply 3ml water, time how long until back of pad is damp to touch or shirt is visibly dampened.
This review goes into more detail atI have been through 4 brands of disposables and also have several pairs of these.
At first when I was sore and using nipple cream, I used the disposables.
I think they are so much softer and more comfortable than the disposables.
I agree with other posters that they may not be as discreet as some of the disposables, but I don't really care.
I don't leak much anymore, so these are plenty sufficient to collect leakage.
I'm able to always have some on handUltimately, nothing works better than the disposables, but these are the best reuseables I've purchased.
I do still leak through them from time to time so I only use them in the house.
They are also great for comfortI like the fact that these pads are made from renewable sources and can be reused, so i bought them for ecological reasons.
I was also given some of the disposables.
If you are using no bra or a bra that is not ironclad, you will be able to see the pad protruding, since for some reason it does not adjust to your breast shape as much as the disposables.
Surprisingly, I also felt that the disposables felt gentler to my sore nipples than these.So far, both types have managed to hold all my leaking so I cannot comment on this.
I have tried every washable brand and these are the bestSo I like that these are washable and not disposable.
They do the job, but I can't use them during they day, so they are merely acceptableThese are bulky under your bras and if you have heavy letdown you will leak right through.
They are also difficult to wash, getting balled up and don't dry wellvery comfortable and stay put pretty well.
Not my favorite.
They are, however very absorbantThese are much more comfortable than the disposables, but not as convenient, especially at night.
No Way to attach them to your clothes and not as absorpsentI bought these to help with leaks during engorgement after giving birth.
Ouch!
I found the smooth, cool lycra of my bras was better.
They're easy to wash and dry, I just throw them in with my regular clothes.
I love them though and I still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that I received as a gift and will probably not use.
I bought two packs and might get another one so that I don't have to wash them during the week.
Why buy disposables?
Seems pretty wasteful to meThey are very soft and much more comfortable than disposables.
I just throw them in washer and dryer and they still keep the original shape.
Especially, when the other brands are holding up just fine after the same number of washesI used this stool during my baby's first month.
It did make breastfeeding a little more comfortable.
You don't need it if you are using a nursing pillow, like &quot;Boppy&quot;.
Pricey.
Better to borrow one from a friendI loved this so much, I bought two.
I had my baby by c-section so nursing was tricky at first.
I used the stool in the hospital and loved it, so bought one for home, and then two.
When baby weaned, I kept this for use under my desk in the office.
My back problems are almost non-existent nowWithin a couple of weeks of breastfeeding, my back was shot.
This stool provided so much relief.
Highly recommendI nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this, like many mothers, slouching and what not was killing my already injured back, a friend of mine had one and i tried it...loved it!
Ordered one for myself and cant do without.
Highly recommend and I will definantly be using this for our other babies to come!Thanks Medela for once again, making an outstanding product...also...If anyone is having problems with there child- reguardless of age-- lactching on or nipple soreness or whatever......I recommend the medela nipple shield, I used it for latch on problems and immediately my son nurses just fine, its for temporary use but I have been using it non stop sense my son was born..keeps me from being sore!
Love itThis nursing stool drastically improved the usefulness of my old-fashioned rocking chair as a place to nurse my newborn.
Prior to the stool my lap was slanted in a way that made it difficult to position baby and my back was leaned too far back to be useful.
The stool converted my lap into a flat horizontal stretch that could support my baby and improved my posture so I didn't end my sessions with a backache.
However, I also found it useful while nursing on the couch or other armchairs (same benefits) and my husband loves to use it when he is getting baby dressed after a bath as it helps him keep his lap horizontal as well.
An added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together (5-10 minutes tops) and comes with it's own allen wrench toolThe Medela Nursing stool has been a lifesaver.
Which also means this is not just a handy item for nursing, but also for bottlefeeding too!
I was lucky to get this item on clearance at another baby retail store for $9.90.
It is the perfect height for me to nurse my baby comfortably.
I use it with a boppy pillow.
My husband put it together easily in a few minutes.
Slightly slante but I guess we can still use it later as a step stool.
I also use it while pumping for comfortThis seems like a silly purchase and pricey for a simple stool.
But it was so necessary for trying to get a good latch with a newborn.
It gets your body in the right position and makes nursing so much more comfortable.
It's well made and easy to assemble.
In my experience, anything to make those first few weeks easier - while you and your baby are learning to breast feed - is worth itI have been having horrible back problems since the third trimester of my pregnancy.
So it doesn't help me there.
a bit of a pain when you are vacuuming, one more thing to move, but, otherwise, a great ideaThis is a wonderful, wonderful product.
It is sturdy and easy to assemble.
I use it in tandem with my Boppy and love the results.
The only part that I don't like, and this is an individual thing, is the ridges (tread).
The natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).
I imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as wellLearned of this wonderful invention from a prenatal class.
I started developing lower back pain.
I don't use it all the time but it's very comfortable when I do.
I use it a lot more with our glider when I'm pumping or just rocking the baby.
This is well worth the moneyOnce you have this stool, you will use it long after you stop nursing.
It is wonderful for just propping your feet up while reading, watching TV, doing needlework, and much more.
I love to use it when nursing my son upstairs.
The slanted top means your feet are positioned perfectly for holding a baby.
It's very sturdy and doesn't slide around on the floor like my daughter's plastic stools do.I did not get this until baby #2, and I wish I had had it with the first one!
It's sturdy and well-build.
This stool was recommended to me at the hospital's breastfeeding class and I used it at the hospital while nursing but thought it was just an extra thing to have.
The nursing stool angles your lap up drawing baby closer to you, which allows you to have your back straighter instead of hunching towards the baby.
The stool was easy to assemble and nice solid wood.
I have been using mine for two months with no problems.
These are clear, and look and fit great on our crib.
You should definitely measure the width and thickness of the area you want to protect though.
Our son figured out how to remove the other ones we had, but not these.
So far, our nice crib is saved, hopefully for baby #2These are great if you have an infant who learned to stand up in their crib and decided it was time to sharpen their new teeth on the rails (which I think almost every infant is!).
in other words these are a must.
no mater how you try to group them, they do not cover the entire rail on any side of my baby's crib (standard size).
At least 2 inches on each side are still left bare for her to chew on.
The company should change their length in order to be able to provide complete coverage at elast for standard crib sizesI liked this product because it's a good rubbery material to chew on, but it only fit on the sides of our crib as the front bar is much wider.
My daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course.
At least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer.
Oh well, it's kind of cute.
She loved them and thought they were a cool new toy but they did not do the intended job.
They pull off very easily even though they were a perfect fit on the railI like the idea but in reality didn't work for us.
The length (from top to bottom) is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches.
Note, you will need 2 sets to cover both sets of rails.
But these end up being cheaper and far more effective than the others, which, peel, curl and can even be bitten apart.
Yes my little fellow managed that, even though it shouldn't have been possible.
Thoroughly pleased and recommending to all my friends with teething babiesI almost didn't get these after reading the reviews, but they sounded like exactly what I wanted so after making sure the measurements were right I decided to give them a shot.
They are perfect.
They fit our crib perfectly, our girls don't even really notice they are there and they stay on great.
Very pleased with theseIf you have an Oeuf Sparrow Crib, these rail protectors are too small.
Buy something else insteadI bought this at babies r us.
It says it fits most standard rails but doesn't give any measurements.
I bought these crib rail protectors and my twin boys figured out how to remove them within a few days and they are under 9 months old.
What a wasteI don't agree with the dimensions listed on Amazon's description.
It does come with 4 pieces that are about 12 inches long...which will cover one side of your crib.
However, I don't know what the 1.5 x 5 part is.
I measured the ones I have and the inside of the plastic measures about 3/4 of an inch...and the outside of it is around an inch.
The plastic is fairly flexible.
I have the Aspen 4-in-1 crib and it fits my rails just fine.
It is the very very top of the crib rail and not the entire crib rail.
My cribs are cheap anyway, but still, I take good care of my stuff.
This didn't register until after I had bought the cover.
When it arrived I was pleased to find that it was big enough.
I'm confident he will be unable to open this if he finds a cord and follows it back to the powerIf you have all 2-prong plugs then this will work perfectly.
One drawback is that it is really hard to open even for adults.
I wanted to use it on an extention cords with items I often plug in and out.
It gives me peace of mindThis does what it is supposed to do - keeps my daughters fingers out of the extra outlets in the power strip.
That's a win in my bookThis power cord protector seems to be working fine so far.
My baby isn't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that hasn't been an issue for us.
It takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up.
My baby loves to go toward the cords and when she's grabbed toward them, this holds up.
We keep her from them on a regular basis, but on the off chance she's near them, this does the trickThis does the job quite nicely, particularly for the price.
It isn't easy to unlatch, if you latch it well.
Its simple and amazing!
Worth every penny and moreThe locking tabs just aren't that great, functionally.
While they do work, its hard to open and close, and it doesnt leave enough room for some of my larger plugs.
Highly recommendedit doesn't work for HUGE plugs (like our roku), but will work with every other TV/Stereo/cable/etc component we have!
our daughter figured out the on/off button on our power strip, so i ordered this the very next day and it's wonderful!!
What baby doesn't head straight for the power strip?
It is easy to use, plesant on the eyes (it is white, not off white like the photo) and IMPOSSIBLE for babies to openThis is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation.
But they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open.
Except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket.
It's a bit ugly, but keeps our daughter from playing with the plugs.
Check the dimensions before assuming this will work on your strip.
Covers perfectly and makes the power strip safe.
Mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled "adapter" so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet spaceNot very easy to open and close, which is great for baby proofing but not good if it's something you want to unplug frequently.
Otherwise it works well and holds a large power stripThis is a giant pain to apply and so hard to open--which makes it a great baby proofing product, but not very user friendly.
My 18mth old figured out how to open this in a matter of daysThis is a very useless item.
It doesn't protect children from sticking their fingers inside the cover.
A baby safety gate did the trick for us.
behind it.
Still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home.
But will work for most plugs even some large ones.
Two bc they do come out of the top by daughter can still grab and chew on them.
Would be better if they had the wires group together out the side.
We have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house, and this fits over all of them.
It is large enough to cover all the bulky plugs we have plugged into the strips as well.
I was surprised to read another reviewer found this too small.
I think the cover should work for most single-wide power strips; it probably wouldn't work for a powerstrip with two rows of outlets.
I found it relatively easy to open and close.
I don't think my baby daughter will be able to open them herself, and she won't be able to reach her fingers in and shock herself.
It does not keep fingers out and it also doesn't fit larger plugs.
I do not recommend it to anyoneThis is a great protector for over the power strips!
Included with the package are several plug covers to put in unused outlets on the power strip.
I forgot about one of our power strips and I'm not hesitating to buy another one of theseI bought this white cover (model 40896, UPC 3676840896, code on label X0000DM4BB) andSafety 1st Power Strip Coverto compare the two.
Unlike that item, this cover is not expandable.
Its dimensions are fixed at 14" length, 2-3/4" wide, and 3-1/4" high (except for the 4" at the power strip cord end which is only 1-3/4" high).
To open the main cover, you pry open three tabs, then open the unit like a clamshell.The plastic is softer but probably more resistant to breakage compared with the Safety 1st model.
It is narrower and shorter than the Safety 1st model by about 3/4" in either direction, which may prevent using wider strips or transformers more than about 1-1/2" high with it.Buy this from Amazon.com!
(BTW, about the Amazon photo, the interior is actually white, I don't know what produced that egg-yolk-yellow color insideThis seemed effective at stopping our 8-9 month old playing with the power strip, and certainly he cannot get his fingers into the live sockets with this cover.
At the moment I'm happy with this product and after a month trial, I bought another two for elsewhere in the houseI think this is a great outlet strip cover.
I almost wish I had this before I had kids because it conceals it so nicely and makes the strip look much more tidy.
But that's the point, right?
I would recommend this to anyone looking to either conceal their outlet strips or babyproof their homeI'd move along if I were you.
This is not the saftey strip you've been looking forThese are great.
I'd had issues with my daughter crawling around and unplugging, or turning off power strips if she got to them.
This makes them very secure.
She cannot force them open, and cannot get to anything.
Definitely recommendedfor where we needed this it didn't work do to the plug's we had in the outlets the cover wouldn't fitThis item works great for us!
Also, the opening at the top is huge!
It does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and I like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are.
The clips on the side are not easy to reattach.
I like it because it keeps my son from playing with the surge protector.
The slit on top is just big enough for them to stick their fingers in, but they included 3 or 4 outlet covers so they can't play with the unused outlets.
If it accommodated those types of plugs, I'd give it 5 stars.
Maybe because the carpeting in our apartment stabalizes it, but it's perfect.
I just love it.
Makes me want to further decorate the room for the baby.
Perfect height for me as well and plenty of storage room.
I do wish the pad furnished was a bit thicker and softer but it's sufficient.
I like how it's covered in smooth vinyl so we can clean it very easily.
Great table for a great priceI purchased this changing table in the summer of 2002 (my baby was due in Sept) I put it together very easily by myself.
My son is now 2 1/2 yrs.
old and weighs 35lbs and we are still using it!!!!
Yes, the middle shelf has a little sag in it (very little) but other than that it's perfect!!!
I am so suprised by how sturdy this is!!!
After reading some other reviews, I can't believe how many other people don't like it.
I'm using it till it can't support my son anymore and gives out but no problems yet.
I would highly recommended this table and it's so affordable tooI bought this changing table at a used baby store because I recieved the crib as a hand me down.
Even being used this changing table is great.
There are no problems.
It's very sturdy and durable for the price.
But this changing table is definitely worth the moderate priceWe bought this for about 70 bucks and got 4 sage lined wicker baskets to fit within it for organization.
This one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area.. i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover.
i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time.
this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the Jenny Lind crib.
Since she is my last I didnt want to spend a ton but I did want good stuff.
I love this table.
It has tons of storage, was easy to put together and is solid.
I have also loved the matching crib and dresserI don't know what everyone else is doing with it, but I've had no problems with it falling apart.
Table was very easy to put together and is extremly sturdy.
We've been using ours now for 4 months and I have no complaintsI was hesitant to register for these covers because of some of the negative reviews I read...However, my son is now 3 months old and we love the covers that we use!
Some common complaints I have read mention shrinking, poor fabric quality, and staining easily; our experience has been quite different:-Shrinking is minimal (I generally wash in hot water because I'm getting poopy out, too)-Any shrinking that does occur does not prevent the cover from fitting, only makes it more snug (which I like)-Stains come out very easily with Dreft stain remover or Shout (neither alters the cover coloring either)-Of my four covers, two have loose threads from excessive washing (still in great shape-I consider the fabric quality excellent, especially considering the amount of washings these go through in the first few weeks!
I have 2 blue covers and one each of the yellow and white.
They are fantastic and I recommend them to everyone.
They definitely make the changing pad a more comfortable surface for our baby- he loves just hanging out on them.
We leave a lap pad on the cover which is the first line of defense against accidents during changes.
This somewhat reduces the frequency of cover washings.
They do, however, continue to fit well on the pad.
The colors also faded slightly with washingsThis item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it.
The Wendy Bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.
Carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.
Didn't even use it once!
Just use a pillowcase & it works just as wellWe recently bought this pad for our changing table in the blue color.
It's very soft and fits well with our pad, which was made by another company.
Another viewer was right about the lack of slits to pull the straps through to hold the baby.
He hates it more if we use them and he's more still if we don't.
Overall, we like this cover, especially for it's costDo exact what they are intended to do.
They've never ripped for us and they get warm quicker (breastmilk) than typical plastic bottles.
It is easier cleanup using the drop-ins and thus worth the slight extra cost for usVery convenient.
Baby (4 months) is not gassy at all.
But to be honest I didn't try any other type of a bottle since this one works so wellI love these bottles and liners!
They're a lifesaverI've been using the playtex drop in system since my daughter came home from the hospital and I love it.
They save time and don't leak - like the standard bags sometimes do.
You can get both sizes at Walgreen's, Walmart and Target.
Initially we were hesitant/worried to use this system since we solely breastfeed for 5 months.
The baby had no issues with the liner/bottle system.
We use this in conjunction with our Medela Breast Pump.
Walmart ones are not as soft, but do the same thing stillI didn't want bottles with a ton of moving parts that needed to be washed carefully.
I use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good.
I bought the Playtex Drop-In system to try to reduce the amount (frequency and quantity) that my baby spits up.
However, the amount of spit-up is the same - not better, but also not worseI have some Dr. B brand bottles.
They are awesome.
So I switched to Playtex Drop-Ins bottles.
Yay!
I rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day.
Playtex Drop-ins is the only one I use.The liners are expendable.
They're easy and effectiveThese are so easy.
I don't have to wash a million bottles anymore!
I just have to wash the nipples.
These Drop-Ins work really well for the bottles.
The real savings is the manpower and time necessary for cleaning.
I only have 4 bottles per baby, replace the liner and nipple when necessary, and wash everything once a day.
is reduced.
Only glass bottles are safer but they do not reduce colic..so I choose theseUsed them on 2 healthy kids and loved themCouldn't find this in stores around my area.
But I've used this before and they're great.
It's convenient and it minimizes the need for a lot of bottles and best part is they're disposables.
I never had problems with this drop-in liners before although I did read another review that there's another liner that can be used with the drop-in nurser bottles, just as good if not more effective, cheaper and more count.
Regardless, this has my stamp of approval and I would recommend this for new parentsI love the drop-ins system.
I used them for my first daughter when I went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them.
I am using them again for my DCP for my second daughter.
I have never had an issue with these and was happy to find them on Amazon!P.S.
There is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles.
They are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk.
!, breastmilk everywhere.
I learned my lesson- squeeze gently, if at all.
They are a bit pricey for plastic bags but the convenience factor makes up for it, imho.
2.
The amount markings on the bags are a bit hard to read and don't really line up with the markings on the nurser shells, so the only way I can tell how much my LO has taken is to pour out and measure the leftover milk.
Otherwise, this is a great productThe plastic drop in bottles work perfectly well.
I recycle the plastics and I don't have to wash the bottlesthese leak and don't colapse use the older rolled liners they do not leak.
and you can see them colapse like they shouldLove this system and these drop-in liners work great!
Air will flow through the nipple.
We used it until he was eating around 6oz a servingI tried Avent and Dr. Browns before switching to Playtex Drop Ins.
I liked all three but Playtex drop ins are so easy!
And, the way the nipple is, for my daughter, seems to be the most natural and closest to breastfeeding.
Anyway, the silicone nip on the playtex nursers is much softer and pliable so the baby can kind of pull on it as she wants to.
It's great!
I highly recommend.
Hopefully this review is not too strangeThese drop in liners are worth every penny.
These are so easy to &#34;load&#34; into the bottles and have never fallen out, burst, leaked, etcWe've been using these and absolutely love them!
Can easily remove all air to improve gassiness and colic in little one.
Just press in the liner from the bottom.
We are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner, and it is still easy to remove the air.With the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner.
If your fingers are not long enough, we sometimes use the handles of some of our kitchen serving utensils to aid in removing the airWhen I am home, I use the Born Free bottles.
I love this disposable liners because I just discard them after use, which is awesome when you have a baby to take care ofLove them.
I use these when I have to pump a bottle for travel.
They are handy, easy to use and I love that you use them and then toss them right in the trash.
Good price for the amountI've been using these liners since my baby was 3 months old.
They work great, they don't leak, and they make my life so much easier.
I would take a box of liners, only about 3-4 Drop-ins nursers, and about a dozen extra nipples and caps for a 3 day trip.
The point of the collapsible liner is to not let more air in as your baby eats, and it does a fantastic job.
If you would rather not buy replacement liners, Playtex VentAire takes the same nipples and does the same job with a vent at the bottom, keeping a seal when the pressure of the milk is on it, and then allowing air in through the bottom to replace the milk as the baby eats.
I loved them because I didn't have to buy replacements and it did the same jobPerfect and fast sterile use.
Using these for my grandson.
Used them when his mother was a baby and still love themI love these bottles!
I breastfeed and my son takes these bottles so easily when I'm not around.
They are easy and convenient!
I'm not sure how they would do with mixing of formula, but it seems it may not be so easy because seeing exact measurements are rather difficult.I recommend these to everyone!
Love love love themI've been using the playtex drop-ins since my daughter was born and she never had much problems with her bottle.
I know it's added cost and waste, but I am not willing to give up the convenience and how well they work for usI love these drop-ins.
So easy to use!
Also, they do seem to cut down on the gasI've tried other brands of drop-ins and Playtex is the best.
No taking apart the bottle and washing several parts.... Just quick and easy.
We used the Madela bottles at first but she was having a few problems (too much air) but we did not have any issues with these.
We order all of our baby stuff on autoship (including the liners) and the price is unbeatableClassic brand, and will be great for faux formula for 'reborn' baby dolls (they are very popular, and for me, a better option than a real kid :D (I'm middle-aged and disabled, but do love a cute baby !!).
One diaper, one bottle, and no college fund.
Perfect kidWe chose to use the Playtex Nurser Drop-Ins system because of convenience and sanitation.
I'm so glad we did!
They're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes.
I've used the 8-10 ounce liners a few times as well with no issues.
For those curious about measurements, it's very close to the measurement on the Medela bottles I pump into and Nuk bags.
I've used the 4 oz Up and Up Target brand liners as well, but when these are on sale at Babies R Us they are usually cheaper than buying the generic from TargetI love the drop in system bc although you have to buy liners, it's easy, sanitary and really helps reduce air intake.
My only issue is when I put the liner in and use the bottle to measure- it's slightly off so I have to pull the liner out and check the (example) 6oz mark and I am using the bottles that are made for expandable liners so something is off and I like to be as precise as possible...
The playtex bottles are easy since there's no real cleaning everyday - the liners just pop in and out!
No problems with leaking or anythingI love my playtex drop-ins.
I have been lucky to always receive liners that are intact and work just like they are suppose to.
Love themBaby is breastfed.
These work well for childcare providers to transfer warmed milk into.Great price and easy to use.
I tried it again with a different measuring cup and received the same result.
I will use the Playtex Dropin system again with my next childI love the playtex drop in system - it might cost a little more but it's worth it for the ease of bottle prep and knowing that bottles are clean and sanitary every time!
These don't tear and warm easily in a cup of hot waterI started using these when my baby was 1 month old.
Its great to not have to scrub bottles all the time!
And I believe it helped w/ her colic.
I still love how convienent these areI go through these quickly, so I get a couple boxes at a time.
It is the best way to pump in place for use later.
Both daughters use these with the storage kit.
The small cost of reusable liners is far overshadowed by their convenienceWe used Playtex drop-ins for both of our children.
These drop-ins are great quality.
I would highly recommend these to othersPlaytex drop in suystem is what any decent lactation consultant will recommend.
kids don't get used to gulping down, and you have the best chance of continuing breast feeding.
the liners are easy to use.
means you can stay out all day with only 1 bottle.
We used playtex bottles with liners for our first 2 kids and loved them!
I guess Playtex decided to change their bottle sometime between our last baby and this baby.
We decided to scrap it all and go with another brand completely, unfortunatelyI love these, however the measurements are inaccurate.
Make sure you measure the water for the formula separate.
Other than that I love the convenienceI started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day.
Then I came upon these Playtex nursers with disposable liners, and now I only use a regular bottle if I have to.
Because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid, don't trust the measurements on this.
Very quick and easy to get a feed in.
I can't go with anything else except for Dr. Browns bottles, I do have those alsoWhen used with the slow flow nipple and the breast pump adapter kit this is the closest to breastfeeding as you can get.I bought the breast pump adapter kit and now i pump in these bags and never have to use a bottle holder at all.no more milk transfer from bottle to bottle, and no more air at all.
For medical reasons my baby could not latch and this allowed me to bond with my daughter and have gas free feedings and be literally as close to breast as possible.
Any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, I've done that many times.
I would NOT recommendI have been using those for months and will keep using them.
They are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles.
After doing that twice I was more careful in positioning the drop-in.Conclusion it is a great idea, time saver on cleaningSo easy to use and not as much clean-up afterward.
I've found that most store brands work just as well and at a fraction of the cost.
However, when I bought them on Amazon this time they were at a descent price plus a $1 off coupon which made the purchase worth itI have been using these for 5 months, since my daughter was born and they are perfect.
Worth the extra cost to continue to buy these.
My precious baby isn't nearly as gassy either.
But she's pretty easy to feed.
If there's food in it, she'll figure out how to use it,lol.
I am pleased with the price of these, they are more expensive in storesThe Playtex dropins are a quick and easy way for bottles.
The 100 count box is a good value as wellThese are great liners.
This product has not leaked and since my baby girl is growing this is perfect for water and formulaThese drop-in liners are great.
No biggy, but just odd.
These are convenient and worth the money.
Good productMost people look at the drop-ins bottles and frown because you have to continually buy liners for them.
Let me tell you something, IT'S WORTH IT!!
I love not having to wash the bottom part of my bottlesThese liners are much better then the bags: it is easy to use, and save lots of time on cleaning bottlesThe yin and yang of disposable liners is having to keep buying more.
I like that the Playtex liners are thinner feeling, meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking...but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic, they work as well.
I only use them because my baby like the latex nipples and not many other bottle brands have latex nipples anymore.
It would be great if the nipple ring was clear so you could see if the liner is on the verge of pulling free or notI used these with my first daughter 8 years ago.
They are wonderful!
You do not have to sit and wash bottles constantly.
The baby will also have less gas since there is little to no air to contend with.
The only difference with these are that they are expandable.
This may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion.
I recommend these liners for everyoneThese work great for the playtex bottles.
Makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it.
I introduced these to my son when he was 2.5 months old and we were on a flight for 16 hours.
You should use another system of measurement to figure out how much milk/water you want to pour in the nurserThe Playtex system works well with my Medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners, plus a set ofPlaytex Drop-Ins System Breast Milk Storage KitPlaytex storage rings (which these liners drop into).
The whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle, and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles.
Also, BPA free which is greatI love this bottle system!
My whole family used these with their children so I decided to try them on my son and jeebus christ these are amazing.
Out of the whole box of 100 that I purchased twice NONE of them leakedWorks perfectly with the Playtex drop in bottles.
I love this system and wish I had used it with my first child.
Sure, you have a spend a little more to buy these liners but it's definitely worth it when I think of the time I save not having to wash bottles.
The only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner isn't fully expanded.
We measure in a different container and pour into the liner.
The best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.
Our other bottles are the good old fashioned Evenflo glass bottles.
All in all, we recommend this productIt did exactly what I wanted.
It lines the nursers perfectly.
Liners are nice because all I have to wash are the bottle nipplesThese things work really well for storing milk.
I just wish that they were a little more solid around the top edges.
They work great, we don't have to worry about washing the bottle every time.
I love that it's always ready to go and that I don't have to clean a bottle and a brush and make sure that everything is clean inside.
They work fine, but are basically just smaller versions of adult clippers, and don't have any safety features to keep you from cutting baby's skin.
Nothing special, but they do the job if you're carefulI like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper.
Just the right size, and leakproofPeople...please don't get ripped off.
I went to Walgreens and got a large 50 count of underlayment pads that fit perfectly on our changing table for 3.99 Please don't fall victim to the cute designs and baby marketing gimmicks.
We bought a pack and just couldn't use it because it is so small.
For us we now use the babies R Us brand, they are much bigger and has a plastic feel to it, which is much more durableThis was the best purchase!!
These work great and have saved our changing pad from being stained!!!
They absorb pretty well--I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet.
These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover.
Better priced than most, tooVery handy item to have available.
if youve got an extra $40 i recommend itI use this warmer to warm both formula and breast milk.
I find it easy to use.
The warmer is small, compact and comes with a 4oz avent storage bottle and a spoon for baby food.
I am not sure if it's a different model from theirs.The warmer heats the bottle evenly and I have had no problems.
However, if you don't stand there and keep an eye on it, you are liable to forget about it and the milk can overheat.
That insures that the bottles remain steady...and don't float.Overall, I like the warmer.
It's convenient, easy to use, small and niceI was slightly spoiled, so why not pass some of that on?I got this because it was one of those things I thought I HAD to have, not true, but is sure is nice.
I like the aesthetics of it and it lasted without a problem through my son's eating-at-night period.It may overheat the bottle if you don't monitor it, but it worked well for us.
Just keep an eye on itMy baby is an Advent baby.
So, for me this was a most have because I have to warm up my daughter's formula all the time.
!...The solution: If you buy concentrate formula, just warm here the concentrate formula and after it's hot you could add the water...In this way is going to have the perfect temperature for your baby to eat...But if you use powder or ready to use you have to count the minutes and take out the bottle before it's doneThis warmer costs more than it's worth.
We have to stand there while it's &quot;warming&quot; a bottle until the light turns off and then when we check the bottle it's still cold.
Having to stand hawk eyed over a bottle warmer with a crying, hungry baby isn't fun...especially when it doesn't warm the first time around.
Sometimes at 4 min.
But, no.
I exclusively feed my baby breastmilk, and that stuff is like "liquid gold" (from what everyone has told me, and I'm inclined to agree), and I can't even tell you how often I have put a bottle in the warmer to warm it and then forgot it was in there for like 15 minutes.
So many times I have forgotten it was in there and burned the milk, but also - and this is the really dangerous part - the light will shut off for like 30 seconds at a time (what they call "blinking", if you can believe that), and so often it will look like it's turned off when there is no bottle in it, but it isn't, and it will just keep heating the water in there until it's all gone.
We have found it on after a couple of hours away from it because we didn't notice the "blinking" light because it was off at the time, and there is no other indication that it's on from the front.
Anyway, I still use it because I haven't found one with an auto-off feature, but will be looking for one.
BAD DESIGNI give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
You may also want to purchase the Avent Sterilizer.
It is fabulousI received this as a gift and was surprised at how quickly this warms bottles.
I usually use the wide-neck bottles so I don't have the "floating" problem but the few times I did use the slim regular bottles and did experience the floating bottle.
The upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.
It's also an easy-to-clean itemWe've always used the microwave (most of the time) or a jug of hot water (when a mircowave wasn't available) to warm our first two children's bottles of formula - this worked fine for us as we knew the exact time to make the bottle just right.Unfortunately my third child had to spend some time in hospital when he was two weeks old.
What we learned from his nurses is that microwaves can 'zap' a lot of goodness out of your formula (the hosptial used a microwave as well until they were told this).
The fact that the light goes on and off as it's keeping the water at a constant temperature is also a bit of a pain as at 2am in a dimly lit kitchen you can just assume you already turned off the plug when you haven't if the light is out.Despite these negatives things, they far outweigh the advantages for us of keeping our son's formula nice and warm.
It's easy to use, easy to keep clean and has worked pefectly from the day we bought it.We love itIt's nice that it's small and doesn't use a lot counterspace.
I wish it was more accurate on the settings.
You really have to play around with it to know what temperature setting suits you best.
I breastfeed, but have a hard time functioning in the middle of the night, so I pump during the day and warm a bottle for the baby in the middle of the night.
bottle.
and actually, this is what my baby likes most.
It services all types of containers, and of differing sizes too.
It can warm disposable, oversized, and odd shaped bottles, glass babyfood jars, and tin cans to name a few.
It has 3 settings, 1,2, and 3, 1 being the coolest.
Next to the dial is a power light, which serves 2 purposes.1.)
It indicates the unit is "ON" and working, and2.)
When the water reaches the correct temperature, the power light blinks "ON" and "OFF" to indicate the water is ready.There is NO ON/OFF switch on this bottle warmer.
In addition, the EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer is portable.
We traveled frequently when William was an infant, and this unit made a nifty travel companion.Pros* Accommodates all brands of bottles* Heats fast and evenly* Compact and lightweight* It's durable* Heats bottle liners without melting the plastic* The basket can be removed to warm oversized bottles, i.e.
Pop a bottle in the unit; plug it in, and in 5 minutes it's done.
The EXPRESS Bottle & Babyfood Warmer heats fast, evenly, and it's durable.
Moreover, now there's no more white, icky, stuff to clean off my pans.In all the time I used this bottle warmer, I never encountered any problems.
Let me tell you, this unit got a workout in my house.
I think my success was actually due to reading the instruction manual.
I overheated many bottles in the months I served warm milk, because I'd get distracted.
I can NOT tell you how many times I forgot to unplug this bottle warmer.
Now that's a fire hazard!Closing Remarks:When it comes to bottles, Avent is still my 1st choice.
I have learned through research that several manufactures have modified their bottle warmers to accommodate the Avent brand.
However, I for one would be willing to pay for those added features.
Would you?
I was extremely pleased with this warmer, but I also recognize its shortcomings.
It warms bottles fast, and evenly.2.)
It accommodates plastic, glass, tin, and a myraid of bottles styles.3.)
It warms up the bottles quickly and that means alot at 3AM with a screaming, hungry baby.
I use the Dr. Brown's bottles with it and they fit fine.
I would suggest this to parents looking for a small warmerBefore using to warm actual food or milk for my son I tested it out.
I couldnt tell when the bottle was ready and the light would go on and off and not warm the bottle or else get it to hot.
It does warm bottles quickly and the variable temperature is a great feature, but I, as well as everyone else I know who own one, have overflowed this model repeatedly.
There are warmers that have specific compartments for warming jars of baby food, this one doesn't work well for jars, but then again, my son doesn't really like his food warmed up.
It's an O.K.
model to haveI think the [...].
The fill line is crucial in getting the bottle warm.
If you fill it correctly it will work.
It works fast too.
I highly recommend this bottle warmer.
My baby is not on solids so I can't say how it works on baby foodI've had this warmer for 3.5 years, and have used it for both of my boys.
It still works, after 3.5 years, as well as it did when I bought it.
(When you're chasing two kids, it's easy to forget you're cooking a bottle!)
It does its job but it doesn't automatically shut off when the bottle is warm thus causing the bottles to be overheated sometimes.
It also is only good for Avent bottles.
I also purchase The First Years Night and Day Bottle Warmer.
We got it and I decided to give it a try just to make sure it worked.
I used it the next time my friend came over with her newborn and it worked great.
This bottle warmer is definitly not a necessary item.
It is expensive and it takes too long to heat a bottleI like this a lot when I need to warm baby's bottles (I am not using Avent bottles but it works fine).
It heats the milk evenly and to the same temperature as long as you follow the directions.But there should be a timer, or the light should turn off only when this is warm.
Be more simpleI first purchased another bottle warmer which I promptly returned because it did not work.
I received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.
So, I figured she knew what was good and what was not.
And she was right, this works well.
It's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.
I'm very pleased with this productI was told that you can warm up water in the microwave or just put it in a bowl full of hot boiling water.
With the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble.
Otherwise, its great!!!
( avent products are the best out thereit's a very practical item, it saves time and avoids forgetting milk/food being overcooked/boiled!is very easy to clean.is not heavy at all, you can carry it everywhereI got this product as a combo with the Avent Sterilizer.
((Side note: the Sterilizer is a MUST HAVE item!!
))It's nice to have a place to warm the bottle, and it does cut down on wasting water (vs the other method of a bowl of warm water).
You have to time it, but again, it's fast and ready to go in 6-7 minutesI used this for a short time.
It still has many flaws.Now I love Avent items but this one they dropped the ball on.
Oh wellSeveral reviews complain about features of this warmer, but I think it is wonderful.
I use Avent bottles and Gerber baby food jars in it with no problems.
If you put the bottle/jar in the warmer first and then add the water, the bottle/jar will not float or tip over.
It has three heat settings for how warm you want your bottle and a red light on the front shows when the bottle is warming.
The light shuts off when done, but if you leave the warmer on, it will heat through another cycle.
The basket inside is removeable and makes it easy to pull out 2.5 ounce baby food jars.
The warmer is small, convenient and easy to clean.
I am very happy with itWhen I was pregnant with my first set of twins I felt that I could handle EVERYTHING.
Well my husband said we needed most of the stuff I said we didnt.
Yet I still wouldnt admit it to my husband :).
When the second set of twins were on the way, I was ready.
Well this sterelizer is my hero (as well as my husband who forced me to get one!).
My kids love pacifires so those are constantly in there, and so are all those teething rings.
Let me just tell you that you can NOT put a dirty item in here, you still have to wash it a bit.
This sterelizer is great, and it uses very little water (I have a purifier so I use pure water).
ITs a bit pricey but I can gaurentee that replacements for the bottles that you disintigrated while boiling and sleeping at the same time, and doctor visits and medicine for those odd illnesses due to unsanitary things that your child(ren) place in their mouth, will cost you more!
*** P.S...
I really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!!
It's quick, easy and efficient.
Easy to use and most of all,its cleanThis one is easy.
Truely a no brainer.
My freind didn't and something started growing in it.
Other than that, this is perfect.
If you take out the racks you can fit a ton in it at once.
You don't have to watch over anything-go ahead and take care of your baby while this one does all the work for you.
Put this time saver on you registryI bought this Sterilizer and I am so glad I did.
I can fit 6 Avent bottle set-ups in the sterilizer and it works great.
It is quick and easy to use, not to mention it looks great on my countertop.
It doesn't take up a lot of space and it looks nice.
Two thumbs up for this productIt's definitely quick and easy and can hold a lot.
A bit pricey though for what is basically a steamerI love the Avent bottle sterilizer.
I own two, one for my house and one for grandamas.
You want to be sure your baby's bottles are sterile, but who has time to boil everything when you have a baby.
It is very easy to wash and fits well on the kitchen counter.
I didnt want to put the bottles in the dishwasher with all the other dishes.
I didnt want to always have to boil the bottles on the stove either.
So we purchased the Steam Sterilizer and im so happy we did.
It has a permanent place on my counter top.
I cant even count how many times i have used this in the past 6 months.
And it still works at good as the first time.
It only takes 8 mins.
Im very happy with our purchaseI am primarily breastfeeding, but I thought this would be useful for sterilizing pump parts and the occasional bottles, etc..
And not space consuming.
Plus you can use them during travel, at the office, etc.. Much more cost efficient and usefulI guess I was looking for a mini-dishwasher and it's not.. You still have to clean and then sterelize and fitting a lot in there is a bit like a puzzle.
But for the price and space it takes up on the counter I would think twice before making the investmentThis has to have been one of my favourite purchases for baby - along with the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer.
My husband and I had some controversy going initially on whether this was worth the money or not, and even HE now admits that it is worth it's weight in gold in terms of convenience, ease of use and overall good value for money.
I know that many people say you don't strictly need to sterilize everytime but with this you can run it as often as you want, it's a godsend for breastpump parts and according to our pediatrician, sterilizing is better for baby for the first weeks when they are so susceptible to germs.
This has made my life so easy!
It worked great!Another plus: the two racks with the tiny holes (not the one that the bottles rest on) can be snapped together to form a "basket" if you wanted to throw stuff into your dishwasher.
For now, this sterilizer is EXCELLENT!
Definitely worth the money!
We're very pleased with it.
We also have the Avent food warmer...another great buyThis sterilizer is so easy to use.
You just put water in the bottom, your bottles (rinsed with warm, soapy water) in the racks, put on the lid and press the button to start it.
The bottles are usually still a bit wet when the sterilization cycle is done, but you can leave them in there to dry, or place them on paper towels (putting a paper towel over the top of the bottles helps keep them sterile).
I sterilize Avent and Medela products in it and I have been very happy with the effectiveness and ease of this sterilizerPerfect for breast pump accessories.
Lids and nipples tend to turn up in the dishwasher and retain water, and sediment..so what is point if I have to just rewash them?This sterilizer holds 6 bottles, nipples, tops, and pacifiers all at the same time.
I used this everyday until my son was 6 months old, when we stopped sterilizing bottles.
Its easy, safe, convenient, and fastI thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself, THEN prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time, THEN wait for it to cool.... too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;If your baby has an immune promblem, then this may be great for you, otherwise, skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush....
However, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot.
I am keeping an eye on Avent's statements:[...]We keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas.
I use it for all sorts of things.My niece dropped a sippy cup of juice in my car that wasn't discovered for a week.
I washed the cup.
When I removed the valve...NASTY.
If only it can hold more bottlesI bought this sterilizer after trying to hand clean my breatpump - not feeling it was clean enough when i was finished.I haven't regretted it since.
It is so easy to use, so quick, and everything looks clean as well as being sterile.I use it for the pump as well as bottles.I throw my son's pacifier's in every once in a while as well - it works great!If you don't run your dishwasher everyday, you need this productThis is a great sterilizer.
It is so easy to use, fast, and holds lots of stuff.
Also, if you're breastfeeding, it's easy enough to boil water-- since you don't have to make as many bottles.
PriceyI was not told by my doctor that I needed to sterlize my daughter's bottles, but I do anyway.
This thing is great.
I use it everyday.
It so easy to use and fast.
I use the Avent system and love this!Now that she is about 7 months I only sterilize once a week but this s so simple I do not regret my choice.
I use this sterilizer a few times a day for my baby's bottles and parts.
I don't use Avent bottles - works fine with other bottles.
I have to agree about making sure it's shut/snapped properly.
You have to make sure it's just right before you snap -- otherwise, you will break a nail or two.
Also exercise caution when taking it out of the microwave.
Boy, am I glad that I got this at my shower.
For some reason, I never felt comfortable anyway just depending on it and put the bottles from the dishwasher into this sterilizer.
You can't always depend on one thing to do the job and since it's your baby's health involved here, take the extra step and make sure with this item.
I'm glad I did!
Plus, it's just so very easy to useThis is a great sterilizer and is so easy to use.
I and my baby hated the bottles that come with it though.
They leak and are awkward to holdThis works great.
Wash your bottles and put them in this sterilizer.
I wish I had had this steraliser all along.
From the instructions it looks like other bottles fit easily as well.I use this daily and haven't had a problem with it - easy to use, easy to secure the lid and I use it for my bottles and dummies.Recommended if you are using bottles and especially the Avent brandThis makes it quick and easy to sterilize.
around the outside.
We use it daily.
Works best with distilled water- less residue- but tap water is fine tooThis sterilizer is absolutely wonderful, especially if you take your baby on the road, i.e.
to the grandparents' house.
If they've got a microwave, then you're ready to go.It's also very durable.
Plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to comeThis sterilizer is so easy to use even a dad like me can use it.
The tray holds all types of bottles, caps, etc.
I use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.
A friend of mine got some of the bottles and the breast pump at her baby shower.
After a couple weeks of use she decided to get this sterilizer.
It's just much more convenient for her.
It is fast and simple to use and holds a lot of bottles as well as my breast pump accessories.
Let's face it, who is going to go and boil a pot of water everytime you needs to sterilize stuff (which is every day when you have a baby!
)Buy this simple to use product which will help to keep your baby healthyNo more plugs to plug in or pots to boil.
Just pop it in the microwave and walk away.
It fits all of her bottles and pacifiers in one process and it fits perfectly in my small kitchen when I am not using it.
Definatly worth buying!
you will get good use out of itVery easy to use (I even use it to sterilize my yogurt jars for the yogurt machine !
), and quick (3min in all) : it's a great productPortable and easy to use.
Love the convience and ease of use.
Very convient and can do 6 bottles at a time or even baby spoons, forks & even bowls or cups your choice.
If it fits inside with lid snapped shut then you can steralize it like me.
Remember do not force it to close as that will run sealIt's the best way to go!
Regardless of whether or not you have a healthy full-term baby, sterilizing the toys that may have been handled by other children or licked up by the dog is essential to keeping your already healthy baby healthy!
Boilng is a good alternative but not everything can be safely boiled and some hot water doesn't cut it for me.
Oh, and I mean USE.
I live in the desert, where water is precious.
Add the proper amount of water to the base every time.
In 4 or 5-minutes it&#65533;s done.
Smaller microwaves may require more time, but that&#65533;s all there is to it.
It&#65533;s HOT!
Once the cooling time has passed, 2-minutes or so, remove the lid carefully.
Place all the bits and pieces on a drying rack, or hand-dry them.When my son was a newborn, I used the EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer at least 4-times a day.
Later on, I used the sterilizer on some of his toys.
Be careful, not all toys are dishwasher safe.
If it&#65533;s top-drawer dishwasher safe, than it&#65533;s probably sterilizer safe.
It was probably soon after Will started solid foods.
I never had any problems, except the occasional burn to my hand when I opened the lid too early.
Some might complain about the price of the sterilizer, but considering two, 9-ounce bottles come with the unit, it may seem more reasonable knowing they retail for $4.00 a piece.
The EXPRESS Microwave Steam Sterilizer turned out to be one of the BEST purchases I made the year my son was born, and I will happily recommend it to anyone.Happy Feeding,MaryWhile we agree that a sterilizer isn't really needed, we liked having this one when we wanted to quickly sterilize our daughter's bottles.
The sterilizer works great, simply, and fast!
A great productThe express steam sterilizer is really the easiest and most efficient way to go if you want to be assured that your baby's bottles are truly clean.
When I first started using bottles I would use the sterilizer between dishwasher uses.
But after repeated cleanings in the dishwasher, the ounce markings on the bottles started to fade away, and the plastic caps to cover the nipples started to change color.
From then on I've used the sterilizer exclusively.
It is quick, easy and effective.
This is one of those products that may not be necessary to have, but I am so glad that I doI love this sterilizer.
The Avent bottles fit perfectly.
I now use the Dr. Brown's bottles and just have to lay them on their sides.
NEVER AGAIN!
This is a very simple, fast, effective and economical way to get just about everything for baby sterilizedThis product is so convenient.
Great productI love this.
This is the most wonderful item I have gotten.
4 to 5 minutes later, the bottles are all sterilized.
I love this.
I also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (I am a first time mom).
With the sterilizers I just have that reassurance that everything is clean enough for my baby.
This is well worth the money.
It is so easy to use and comes with extra bottlesThis has been a lifesaver!!!
It so easy to use and it's fast just pop it in microwave for 5 mintues and you got everything ready to go.
I am happy to say that neither of us has suffered from thrush or any infection.It's also wonderful for pacifiers and bottles.
I use the avent bottles which fit perfectly... but also have mendela bottles that fit wonderfully, too.I would highly recommendI love this sterlizer.
The wattage is simple to use, just look inside your microwave on the bottom with all the info and it tells you what wattage it is and them refer to the manual to see the time.
Highly reccomendedWe initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005.
I loved it then, but I'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child.
That the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus.
I'd buy the steamer aloneI bought this sterilizer when I was using Avent bottles and it worked great.
There is a place for everything...bottles, nipples, and caps.
Apparently the Dr. Brown's bottles are just slightly taller than the Avent bottles, so they would not fit in this sterilizer standing up.
I had to lay them down and pile everything on top of them.
Does what it says.
It saves my skin from hand washing in scorching hot water (but I still give things a quick rince in warm soapy water before tossing them in the sterilizer).
It is a lifesaver when pumping and bottle feeding.The only drawback is the space that it takes up - it is about 12 inches in diameter and 6 inhes tall.
But I use mine so much, I just keep it in the microwave when I'm not using itThis is a great item if you don't run the dishwasher alot.
We don't need to run ours daily, so the sterilizer works great and takes very little time.
Once I got a lot of bottles, I started running the dishwasher more and this became obsoleteWe use this for home and travel.
This is one of those baby products!
It's VERY easy to use: so easy to use, you will learn to use it (believe me, this is important) &quot;in your sleep&quot;.
It is inexpensive too: just shop around for other sterilizers and you will see this is the best one you can get for this price.
Finally, and perhaps most important of all: this is an essential piece of baby gear.
Sure, you can boil those bottles and those pacifiers, but let's face it: this is the 21st Century, and you might as well make use of your microwaveI did not register for this but bought it after my son was born.
I found that when I used the dishwasher bottles and nipples turned colors depending on the food that we ate that week.
(red when we ate pasta).
This is a great thing to have and we still use it a few times a week and my son is 10 wks oldI LOVE this sterlizer!
Best purchase i have made!
I sterlize all my bottles in it, and pacifiers and even some toys.
BE VERY CAREFUL!
you will want to use and oven mit or towel to take out of microwave and keep your face and hands away when opening it.This sterlizer is great!
I look forward to using this for years to come!I found that the lid works really well for washing bottles too, instead of filling a sink full of water!
I can wash them in the soap and set them in the sink for rinsing, instead of using both sides of the sinkIt's so simple, makes your life so much easier!!!
The lit will close if you turn it until you find the right position.
Also, remember not to sterilize more than 4 bottles at the time.
It just works perfectly.
My baby is 8 months now and I've been using it since she was born.
GREATThis is great!
Then I got this for my 2nd and 3rd children.
But what about for some of us who don't run their dishwashers daily(maybe because it's not a full load yet).
This sterilizer only takes 7 oz.
are sterilized.
You can't always wait for the dishwasher, which can take 30 minutes of more, plus all the water being used.
So for me, I think this sterilizer is great and it is very convenientI use this to sterilize my breast pump accessories, the occasional bottle, pacifiers and other plastic toys.
None of which are the Avent brand, but all work well in this unit.
NO COMPLAINTS!
I did not originally register for this item because I didn't think it was necessary, especially since we have a dishwasher.
This is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free.
We have a dishwasher, but our doctor advised that newborns can be sensitive to the soap the first few months.
Plus with animals in the house, we just like the idea of a little extra peace of mind.
By the way, we started with the electric sterilizer but after reading the directions and seeing it's size we returned it for this one.
It is quick and easy.
We use the Avent Bottles &amp; Avent Isis Breast Pump and they are made to fit into this sterilizer.
However, it works just as well on other stuff.
(You don't have to use their configurations to get good results.)
We love itMy almost 4 month old son is VERY small (24th percentile!)
but for those people who need or really want a sterelizer, this ones great.
It cleans my bottles very well, and I use mostly avent by the way.
It also comes with 4 bottles, although my house is a bottle factory as it is!
This sterelizer can also be used as a drying rack if needed.
I love this sterelizer and it has kept my small son very healthy, happy and playfulI used this item 3 times, now its collecting dust.
Most books that I've read and my doctor agrees that it really isn't necessary to sterilize bottles.
My son goes through tons of bottles a day and its not convenient to sterilize them in this item.
You can only fit 4 bottles in there at a time.
Save your money and wash you bottles well by yourselfThis is one of my most used items from my registry.
It is absolutely something I would recommendI bought this one as well as the full size counter version.
In the dishwasher the nipples sometimes come out with the white dish det.
Common sense tells you what to touch or not touch and honestly if you do it once...you won't do it again..
Now, I wash the parts and then put them through a steam sterilization in the office microwave, and I pump with the confidence that I'm not adding harmful bacteria to my breastmilk.
.
.
and everyone knows that time is precious is a new baby.
I use Advent bottles & pacifiers and they fit perfect as do all the parts to my Medela breast pump.
I run the bottles & pacifiers though the dishwasher so I feel comfortable with the heat they get from that.
This sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.
Turns out that we were diagnosed with thrush and had to sterilize many times a day.
So glad to have had this!!!
We used Avent bottles and 4 oz and 9oz.
I would recomnd thisI love this sterilizer.
This sterilizer fits the Isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs.
I wash my bottles out after I use them and put them away.
When I'm ready to pump, I load this up and 7 minutes later I'm good to go.
You don't need to dry the bottles or pump before using, if you use them right away.
It stays there until I'm ready to use it again.
I've never tried sterilizing any other bottles but the instructions specify how to place others in here so they fit well.
It is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well.
I'm glad I've never had to resort to the boiled water on the stoveI was told that I could wash our baby bottles in our dishwasher and I would not need a sterilizer.
It is very easy to use and since I am using Avent products and an Avent manual pump, everything fits great in this sterilizer.
There are slots for basically everything and it all stays put when I am moving it around.I know that it isn't really necessary, but I like using it for that extra peace of mind that my baby is getting CLEAN bottles.
Every parent has different 'must haves' when they have babies and this is one of mineOn more than one occassion I've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.
If this sounds like somthing that could happen to you .
.
.
I bought a sterilizer because I don't use the dishwasher at all, and well I just didn't trust it to 'sterilize' my baby's bottles well (especially the nipples!).
It is VERY easy to store and does the job well.
Avent bottles fit perfectly in it (as I'm sure you already guessed), but it also fits all other bottles!
I use it daily for sterilizing bottles and pacifiers, and it works perfectly.Just beware of the steam when opening it immediately after microwavingMODEL SELECTION:There are two microwave sterilizer models marketed by Philips/Avent.
The first is the SCF271/07 (ASIN B001C3KXPG) and the second is the SCF271/02 (ASIN B000056OUH).
Well it doesn't help to take an extra step to go thru a short few minutes in the microwave.
Again, if you're in this page then you've come to accept that this sterilization process is worth the extra caution.HOW MANY MINUTES IN THE MICROWAVE AT FULL POWER AND 200ml OF WATER?2 MINUTES @ 1,100 - 1,850W, 2 MINUTES COOLDOWN4 MINUTES @ 850 - 1,000W, 2 MINUTES COOLDOWN6 MINUTES @ 500 - 800W, 2 MINUTES COOLDOWNI'm restating these from the manual because it's important to ensure proper use.
The model number is usually a giveaway on this.How much is 200ml?
The look and feel is what I have come to expect.
It is well made and there are no rough edges or protruding plastic parts that may have not been molded properly.The manual will tell you how to position the items in the sterilizer versus simply dumping them in.
So incorrect position may mean not creating a good sterilization process.When all is said and done, this is a simple sterilizer you put in the microwave.
For the low cost it is offered, it's a small price to pay for extra security for your baby.
I can still use the breast shield but there is a permanent dent melted into it.
Otherwise, I love this sterilizerThis was the perfect solution for my pump parts and bottles.
I read everywhere that you do not need to buy a sterilizer if you have a dishwasher, but I don't run my dishwasher fast enough to have my parts and bottles ready for each feeding/pump.
I use this sterilizer twice a day and it really makes the task quick and simple.
Well worth the price of admission5 reasons to have the avent express micro sterilizer:- Reasonable price!
!- It comes with an extra value of 4 avent bottles ( it says here that comes with two, but I just got mine and comes with 4!!
It's good to wash and sterilize all bottles and breast pump parts before using them the first time.I own the Avent Isis breastpump and this has grooves for it to click into-very cool!
It's so easy and simple.And it keeps things sterile for 3 hours unless you pop open the top right awayI purchased this and it works wonderful...however, we do have a dishwasher and I find myself using that to clean the bottles over using the sterilizer.
If you don't have a dishwasher I highly recommend itFor weeks I boiled my ISIS pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain.
As I was going back to work and my baby had to be bottle fed (thus more things to be sterilized), I found this great product and eagerly bought it.
It's such a great invention!
And let it cool for recommended length of time to avoid scorching yourself.Enjoy this product and you won't regretThis is a truly wonderful product!
I got mine on sale at a local Target store, and it included 4 9-oz Avent bottles as a bonus, so it was really a great deal.
:)I was pleasantly surprised to see how EASY it was to use this sterilizer.
This sterilizer accomodates all my Medela pump attachments, Dr. Brown's bottles (that have 5 pieces each!)
and a few pacifiers easily.
Since it's SOOO EASY to use, I also sterilize all my daughter's plastic toys in it.
The greatest thing about this sterelizer is that it gives me peace of mind that whatever goes into my 2-month old daughter's mouth is cleanWe love this sterilizer.
It is quick, easy to use, and fits other brands as well.
We wouldn't want to sterilize any other wayI bought this right after my daughter was born and it is WONDERFUL!!!!!!!
It is used in my house daily and has been for 6 months.
Very happy with this product.
Before I got a Medela pump, I used the Avent hand pump and used this to sterilize it.
Now it is just used for my Avent bottles but it's so helpful.
A must have for working momsI have used the Avent "II" sterilizer found at other retailers.
(probably not much difference between the two) I have been using the sterilizer for one month since having my twins.
It can sterilize in 2 minutes (depending on the power of your microwave).
You don't HAVE to have this sterilizer, but, it helps if you want to clean a few items without having to boil water each time or running your dishwasher.It came with two small Avent bottles.
However, this is a nice feature so you can try these bottles out to determine if you want to use their bottles or notI did not originally sign up for this item; it was given to me along with a box of 6 4-oz Avent bottles at my baby shower.
I've never had any issues with getting burned or anything melting.
And all it takes is 7 oz of water (I use filtered water instead of tap water) that I recycle every 2-3 uses to avoid wasting water(beyond that the water level decreases so it's best to measure to make sure it's still 7 oz).However, I have a gassy baby and wanted to see if I could switch to the Born Free bottles since several of my friends have raved about them.
My 1 month old daughter is drinking 4 oz now, so I bought the 9 oz Born Free bottles and unfortunately they do not fit this sterilizer.
Six months later this sterilizer has done very well under heavy use (6+x/day) I quickly learned to use oven mitts to remove it from the microwave.
Even got the hubbie to use it!
This is one of those items I could not live without.I have the Medela microsteam bags for when I am awaysolo viertes un poco de agua en este esterilizador, introduces los teteros y lo metes al microondas y listooo, ya estan excelente para darle la leche al bebePretty good.
This is because the wipe warmers are considerably larger and do not actually fit flush in them.
The wipe warmer looks like it would just take a bump to send it tumbling and not very secure on the diaper depot.
I primarily bought it to go along with the Prince Lionheart wipe warmer, so I'm left pretty disappointed.&#34;Compatible&#34; and actually fitting seems to be two different thingsThis is not the sturdiest thing.
I always feel like I am going to break it when I put something in or take something out.
My daughter is growing and is very long so the basket was in the way.
This diaper depot is absolutely perfect.
It hangs perfectly on my changing table.
I did put a piece of fabric under it so the finish doesn't get scratched on the changing table.
I love having everything right there at changing/dressing time without taking up drawer spaceWe received the Prince Lionheart Diaper Depot for ease of access to diapers.
It attaches perfectly to the Gulliver Changing Table we have from IKEA which made me really happy.
I'm curious to see how it will work with the cloth diaper inserts since we're planning on cloth diapering when our baby is out of the newborn stage.
We haven't received our cloth diapers so I have yet to see.
Great size, good quality and versatile.
Worth the money if you are looking for something to keep diapers in on a crib or play yardBecause my changing table is also a dresser, the changing table edge/lip isn't as wide as the dresser, so the diaper depot wouldn't hang on the sides, just the front (no thanks).
It must hang on the EDGE of whatever you're hanging it on, otherwise, it won't fit.
Would have worked for me otherwise though.
I bought a different one (DEX) that has velcro strapsI have an Ikea changing station and this works great to help keep everything handy while changing the little guy.
It fits a Pampers wipe holder just fine.
There's not much more to say, if you're looking for something to organize the changing station and want a practical simple solution, this is a great productI have the diaper depot attached to the side of our pack-n-play and it is nice that his has all these compartments, but the larger section that I can only assume is for diapers makes it hard to pull diapers through the opening so I end up having to take the wipes that I have stored on top, off and then open the flap to get a diaper out.
It was very simple to put together and was very easy to attach to the front of our changing table.
The top caddy easily holds one of the wipes tubs.
The diaper caddy holds a variety of sizes easily...we were able to double stack the newborn size diapers and easily hold several of our son's size 4 diapers as well.
The containers on the side are not huge and not very deep, but they are large enough to hold a few essentials (i.e.
It will not hold larger items (i.e.
The acrylic is pretty sturdy...it's withstood at least one drop and a few accidental bangs and hasn't cracked.My only one (very minor) complaint is that the clip at the top isn't wide enough to attach to the side of my changing table.
It's a bit inconvenient to have it in the front, but the opening only fits on the front (which is presumably what keeps it secure).
It's not a huge issue, but it would be nice to be able to adjust it.
I was originally looking for a dresser top depot, I was unaware this was a hanging one.
Tons of storage space for all the diaper changing essentialsFreed up space on my changing table as baby has grown and now takes the whole length!
i might get another one to put downstairs on the pack and playThis is a wonderful product.
I actually purchased it used from an infant resale shop and I am so happy that I did.
Now my son is about to turn one and his size four diapers are a perfect fit, we still use this item every dayI was worried this wouldn't work for us.
We have a Pottery Barn Kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top.
This product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top.
No diaper warmer will fit on it... not even the Prince Lionheart brand2.
There is a slit on the bottom so you can easily gain access to diapers... this seems great but the diapers stick together and you end up pulling out 3 or more diapers at a time.
Not worth itWe have had this product for 2 years now and it works great!
The only issue we have with it was keeping the box of wipes from moving about in the space for the wipes.
We just use the plastic flip top box the wipes come in and it isn't a wipe warmer so it is smaller.
We couldn't take a wipe out of the dispenser using one hand without either lifting the lid off the box or lifting the enitre box.
To solve the problem, we just bought industrial strengh velcro and attached it to the bottom of the box and the "lid" of the diaper depot.
Great product after this minor adjustmentI bought this organizer since I will use the pack and play in our living room for changes.
This fit perfectly and holds everything I needIt works really well for me.
however, it does hang on the side of my changing table nicely and keeps all the little items together.
i have a regular wipe container sitting on the top and it fits well.
the smaller sized diapers dont fit too well because they just slide around in the little compartment and often more than one diaper pops out when you just need one, but i suppose it was made this way so you can use larger diapers as your baby gets olderI have this attached to the pack & play in my first floor.
It's definitely a nicer way to keep diapers and wipes organized at my Pack 'N Play changing table.
It fits onto the side of the Pack 'N Play nicely.
The wipes box always tends to want to fall off when I'm taking a wipe out.
I also wish it held more diapers and that the diaper slot wasn't so wide, because when I pull out a diaper, about 2 or 3 want to come out at once.
But all in all, this has been a nice item to have at my Pack 'N Play for diaper changingMy son is huge and long for his age.
Wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--I'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.
I love this productI borrowed this item from a friend when I had my first child.
I loved it!
What I liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.
Also, the plastic is clear, unlike a fabric diaper stacker, so you can clearly so how many diapers you have handy.Loved this item, will probably buy it for myself now that I'm pregnant once againI bought this because I am an Obsessive Compulsive - :) I just have to have everything in it's place.
Love this item.
Organizes everything nicely.
My only complaint is that the holders on the sides are not big enough for your standard - big baby powder.
I have to use the smaller 9 oz sizeA friend made a changing tray for us that sits on the dresser and I wanted to be able to have wipes and diapers in reach without taking up dresser top.
This was the perfect solution.
Looks sturdy and I think it will really meet our needs!
:)Here's a link to the changing trayThis product is wonderful and better than I expected.
It is well made and I have recommended this product to my friends for the excellent quality of this product.
It is a must buy and well worth the amount I paid for it.
Better plastic and a better mounting method and this would be 5 starsI purchased this for use on our play yard where our son slept when he first came home.
When I received it the size was appropriate, and I was able to attach it to the side of our play yard.
I ended up returning itThis model is such a space saver for my small changing table.
It's very strong and easy to hook on the sides of the table (make sure that the edge of your changing table is not too wide though and be aware when you want to put any wipe warmer on the top tray.
Most of them don't fit inside the tray.
It just fits regular wipe boxes.
And the side containers also don't fit very large bottle of baby powder or lotion).
I still highly recommend it thoughI love this product!!!
It is one of the few things that I knew I wanted with my second child that I didn't have with the first, and I have not been disappointed.
I use mine on my changing table and it keeps everything so handy in one place.
It is always neat and together, and I never have to look around for what I need.
This is a minor inconvenience for the organization that it provides.
The last thing you want in the middle of a diaper change is to be disorganizedThis goes well with the new Prince Lionheart wipe warmer as well.
Instead, we got theMunchkin Warm Glow Wipe Warmer - Greenas a gift.
This thing is awesome.
The top part compartment is for baby wipes, which fits your standard wipe case.
Although the Munchkin wipe warmer we own doesn't fit on that top compartment for wipes, it still does everything we need to for everything else.Highly recommendedFor our first child we did not have this awesome little gadget.
Just bought it for baby number 2.
It fits perfectly on the diaper changing station attached to our crib.
I have the Prince Lionheart wipes warmer and it tends to slip out of the top part of the stand.
Also when you go to pull out a diaper of the slot you usually get more than oneAn excellent replacement for those fabric organizers that hang off of the sides of things, this is plastic, rigid.
This one holds a lot but is not large.
You can easily hold a day or two worth of diapers, wipes, creams, and lotions.
I have been using this for 9 months and I love itI love this so much I've started including it in every baby shower gift that I give.
I was skeptical at first, but it makes diaper changes so easy!
I am so glad we found this, it works and fits perfectly for our changing table.The only issue we have now is that the wipes are accessible by the child being changed, and sometimes she likes to sit up and try to grab the pack.
But if this wasn't there, I'm sure she would just find something else to do that is just as inconvenientThis is a great item to have on the side of your changing table.
I have both a diaper stacker and this.
The diaper depot is great for holding those diapers handy for the middle of the night changing.
Also, the wipes warmer fits right on top in the perfect reach.
The side compartment, they can come off, hold all the perfect necessities like Desitin and baby lotion.
I held Alcohol pads in them for the umbilical cord for the first two weeks.
It is clear so it doesn't really stand out.
I have two.
I highly recommend itI was looking for something that would hang off of my changing table, out of reach of my unusually tall son's ferocious kick.
I was concerned about this because my crib is spindled, but it fits perfectly and is exactly what I was looking forThis diaper stacker is a joke.
After just one day of using this I decided to pack it up and return it.
The lip that allows the item to hang on the side of a crib or changing table is too narrow to fit over the edge of my Pack-N-Play.
It fits after really giving it some pressure, but isn't ideal.
There is plenty of room to fit everything I need to use at the changing table in the side pockets... and I use the Dex Wipe Warmer with changing light in the area of the wipe holder.
This was a great buy, and I don't know what I would have done without it.
Everything is at a hands reach when I am changing my daugher (6 weeks old now) and I literally can hold her with one hand and reach everything with the other because of thisI actually used this with my Pack N Play and loved the handy organizer features.
Still - this item was very handy.
Note: it only fits on the "front" of a changing table or play yard (the attachment arm/hook is not wide enough to hang from the sides).Update at 1 yr: still using this item.
A good buy & fit on the pack-n-play but also on the changing table late onI received this as a gift and I'm going to buy it for every expectant mother I know.
We attached this right to the side of the changing table that came with our pack and play and it holds everything you could possibly need while changing your baby.
It also keeps our dog from going after diapersThis is one of my most useful baby items.
I hang it on the side of the changing table and it holds diapers, wipes, and diaper cream.
It keeps everything conveniently close by.
You can also hang it on the side of those playards that have changing tables attached.
I think every mom needs one of theseThis is the perfect addition to our changing table!
It has just enough space for diapers, wipes, ointment, brushes, lotion, or anything you may need at your hand's reach while changing your baby.
Would definitely recommendThis hooks right on the side of my pack and play!
There are nicer options out there, but they are more expensiveVery space saver and affordable!
I stacked for newborn size diapers and size 1 diapers and it fits perfectly, even when I pull one diaper at a time, the other diapers don't slide through it.
I can't believe how inexpensive this item is that comes with a great quality.
It fits very sturdy at the side of Savannah Shore Changing/Dresser Table.
Definitely recommend this item if you don't have enough space in your nurseryI thought this was going to be a valuable addition to my sons changing table.
The wipes being stacked on top, means that refilling it is not so easy either.
Butt paste tubs for example, wont fit.
I was a little disappointedpFits perfectly on our changing table and keeps everything nearby.
I assumed it would also fit the same brand wipe warmer but it does notBe aware this product does NOT fit all Prince Lionheart brand wipe warmer containers.
I have the premium PL wipe warmer and it does NOT fit!
It didn't work for what we wanted, and we sent it back.
Thanks to amazon's awesome return policy.
It is not huge which was great for me because our nursery is not huge either.
It is strong plastic and hung perfectly on the side of our ikea changing tableThis diaper depot is a life saver.
Even though the rest of your house may fall apart, this will keep your baby essentials organized!!!!!
Everthing fits in it great.
So I tried it on the other side to see if that could work.
The plastic is sharp and scratched my changing table on both sides as I was trying to figure out how to make it work.
Returning it right away.
When I attach it to mine, it tilts downward and is not level at all.
You need to have a bottom slat or base to support it under the top slat it will go onto.2.
The side compartments keep falling off because they dont attach they just fit over the edges.3.
Although our crib is curvy and not straight on the sides it still holds everything just right.
A must have if you have the prince lionheart wipe warmerThis holds our wipe warmer and about 2 days' worth of diapers, so far so good.
We can fit diaper cream on one side, and our little man's brush and baby lotion on the other.
I keep hand sanitizer and lotion for me on the changing table between the pad and the edge of the table.
Wish it would hold a little more, but it's great to have the things it will hold within easy reach of our son while we're changing himWe got this in conjunction with Prince Lionhart wipe warmer.
It is wonderful becasue it allows for the wipes, diapers, powder, and a rash ointment all to be stored at your fingertips.
As it is, you have to single stack them and there is a ton of wasted space on the sides.
They also pop out 3 at a time...great if you have triplets but a pain if you just have one.
It just needs a little bit or re-designing and it would be awesome!But, all in all it is a great little extra that provides well needed extra storageit has enough room for about 15 diapers and a wipes container on the top.
The two side bins are removable (a little too easily if you ask me but no big deal) and we use them for small lotions, nail clippers, the nose aspirator, and a few other things.The large lotion bottle we have and the large &#34;tub&#34; of A+D ointment we use don't fit in this though so i have to keep those on the counter itself.This has a lip so you can hang it from the edge of the changing table but since we have rounded (sleigh style) edges, it doesn't fit there.
Only thing is that the drawer underneath the one we attached it to doesn't open (the diaper depot gets in the way since it's taller than the drawer).
No big deal.I would recommend this - it saves it space and keeps us organizedFor the price you can't beat this item.
I bought and returned a couple of changing table hanging organizers.
This one is what I settled on.
It fits my badger basket changing table just fine.
They don't fit perfect, but well enough that I'm happy!
I did all my research before purchasing, ie: measuring the size of my daughters changing table...and this was a great fit.
She's now 16 months (yes just writing this review now) and we still use it.
it very easy to put it together, i never had a problems with it falling down or falling apart.
Plastic is very thick and seems sturdy.
I have an Ikea baby changing station and I needed an organizer that would hang from it, because I can't velcro something through it.
That is exactly why I bought this diaper depot and I love it!
This allows me to use the entire space of the changing pad for my baby.
Otherwise, I'd use some of the space to keep my wipes and diaper on the pad while I'm changing my baby.
As she's growing, I need to be able to use the entire space for her and diaper depot helps me do just that.
Love itThis diaper caddy is a wonderful addition to our baby room which has very little counter space to put stuff.
The side holders aren't locked in so if you try to pick up the entire diaper caddy just by holding the side pocket it will fall.If you're looking for more reviews of baby registry essentials, read the baby registry guide from AllMomsArePerfect.com.
Good luckMost diaper caddies out there for your changing table take up valuable table space, so this really appealed to me since it "hangs" over the edge of the table.
It looks nice and works well, gets the job done.
Would definitely recommend to all parents of newbornsThe Diper Depot works well with our Prince Lionheart whipe warmer.
It's ridgid, plastic construction makes it a stable platform as compaired to the soft vinyl organizers.
It holds the diaper warmer on top and the side bins are great for nic-nacs like diaper cream, nail clippers, brush, etc.
It frees up so much space from the changing table and keeps everything organized and accessible.
We have a Graco Sarah changing table and it fits perfectly on the front.
This was one of the best baby items we bought along with the Prince Lionheart premium diaper warmerI have a Prince Lionheart wipe warmer that fits perfectly on top.
The diaper bin has enough space for around 14 size 3 Pampers diapersI love this item.
I bought this as well as other items for my granddaughters travel crib.
The diaper depot fits over the the side very nicely, keeps everything in reach.This will also fit a cribI read in the reviews that this would work on a graco pack n play but it doesn't fit on the side when the napper/ bassinet insert is in.
Once my daughter outgrows the bassinet it will be fine and we still use it right now but it will be more useful when it fits.
In Prince Lionheart's defense, this may be necessary to accomodate larger sized diapers.2) The side containers could have been a little deeper.Besides these minor nuiances, it's a great productMy sister got me this for my shower and I love it.
I also own the ultimate wipes warmer and it clicks right into the top of this.
I love having this because it's right on the end of the changing table, has everything I need in it and is a life saver.
Great price tooLike many other reviewers, we used this on our Pack N Play as part of a secondary changing station.
It needed a little force fitting but worked okay.
The unit has helped us keep everything we need for changes organized and ready.
The one I bought came broken into pieces and Amazon refunded me the full amount.
Nowadays I believe no one is using tiny soap bottles or cream bottles as it's cheaper to buy the big ones.
I have it and love it.
It holds the essentials, not everything you bought for baby.
Both are great, but it depends on the type of changing table you have.
Or if you choose to use the top of a dresser like I did, you'll love the "Dresser DepotLove it, and it is a must in our babies room, but the only drawback is that our wipe warmer (Lion Heart 2004 model) does not fit correctly.
To fix this we just taped down the wipe warmer.
I love that everything you need can be placed in the diaper depot and so easy to grab one handed of course.Note:We do not use the bottom basket under the wipe warmer as a diaper storage but instead as a cloth towel holder and it works great, especially if you have a boy and need alittle protection and/or clean up from showers!
Also our diaper stacker holds more and adds decor to the nursery's themeI bought this product to organize diaper changing items, in one of the photos it showed the wipes warmer of the same brand sitting nicely on the top, I got both products however the warmer is larger than the top so while it sits on the top its not stablefits on my pack and play and just holds the junk you know, dont think i could live without this item.
and i use the diaper storage as back up when my dh uses last diaper and i and elbow deep in poop, this is a life saverThis is great!It fits perfectly and securely over the side of the changing table.
I like that the side holders are removable, because I only ended up using one of them.
I was leery about this, since it's plastic and only cost ~$12, but it is AWESOME!
Also, I got it from Amazon two days earlier than it was estimated to arrive (bonus!!
It's easy to pull out the diapers one-handed (from the bottom slot of the holder).
I recommend this MUCH more than a hanging cloth "diaper holder" - this organizer is SO much more useful!
It also puts the wipes right there - easy to grab!Highly recommendedThis is very convenient.
I have it connected to the side of our changing table, which makes it easy for me to have the essentials readily available when time for a diaper change.
Great purchaseThis was recommended to me by a fellow mom, and it works great!
Highly recommendThis fits perfectly over the side of our Babyletto crib and saves a lot of space.
There's more than enough room for disposable diapers and they are very easy to take out and refillThis is an awesome organizer that many of my friends use and love.
Oops!
Best of luck with your new babiesIt is just what I needed to organize my changer table.
Be aware that this product is not for a crib or a changer dresser or table top.
It fit and appears to be secure on the side so we can use the pack n play changing pad and have our diapering needs close byOur changing table has curved ends, and it still fits nicely on the end!
The top is the perfect size for a variety of diaper cases, and diapers fit nicely underneath.
I highly recommend it if you need extra storage or shelf spaceAfter purchasing the depot, I found it does not work well on my changing table (dresser style with fold out top).
I had to put it on the side and was not pleased to find out that it is not possible to use unless it is hung.
I purchased the Ultimate Wipes Warmer, which will not fit on top of the depot while it is hanging on the side of the changing table.
Perhaps these products work fine with a typical changing table, but keep in mind they do not work with a folding top dresser typeWe have this at the top of our stairs.
It works great!
it started to stretch/tear when i put it in.
i am not sure it is going to hold up with the kidsThis net does what it says.
I don't really like that you have to screw into the railing, but a child's safety is way more important.
At the end of the day, it does what it says and keeps the kid from falling though the railingit does what a net should do....we set it up on our balcony.
So this netting is a much more viable and affordable option.
Easy to install and very sturdy if you attach it properly.
Once my girls are old enough I will get rid of the netting and gates and maybe even reclaim the living room as an adult room.
It does serve it's purpose of keeping my baby from falling down the stairs which is most important.
I am counting down the days until I can get rid of it thoughi use it in my indoor round stair and patio stair.
to keep my child safe when walking up and down the stair.
easy to installit does the job, my daughter is discourage from playing with the railing since we installed this mesh&#8230;.
Installation, however, is worthy of an epic stress fest.
We ended up using zip ties like some of the other reviewers and found that to work quite nicely for getting the netting taut.
Along the bottom we did use their eye screws that they included.
Appear to be durable and safeThis works perfectly on my banister keeps baby safe from falling through the wide opening.
It is definitely not the most stylish or fancy looking safety net.
But for the purpose of an outdoor guard it is perfect.
So I used simple tack nails to tack down the bottom trim to the side of the deck beam and along the top to the rail.
The nails are nice and small and won't leave any longterm damage.
It has been really great.
Better price on this elsewhere... so be sure to shop aroundI have 2 sets of twins.
Okay they are "pretty" they fit baby VERY comfortably, infant or toddler.
The design is spectacular, but I did give it a meer 3 stars for a reason.1.
It is HUGE.
Its has a lot of space for the baby to grow in.
The only thing I was surprised is that Toyrus is selling this for $26.99 as the regular price which is definitely cheaper than what amazon is offering atWe got this lovely tub after giving up on inflatablesSnug Tub, and a few smaller hard platic modelsFisher-Price Bath Center - Aquarium Ocean Wonders,Safety 1st Comfy Bath Center in Light Blue, andThe First Years Sure Comfort Newborn to Toddler Tub.It has been really great for us: bigger than most, but still small enough to cradle your baby or toddler.
My daugther has always been big for her age, but at age 2.5 and 40" tall, she is still using and loving this tub.
At her size, she can't physically slip and get underwater in this tub (without doing a handstand in it or something)!I also like that you can place your child in the saddle seat end or the more open end.
It's true that you have your hands free for bathing, because the tub fully supports even the wiggliest baby.
Our daughter was able to spread out her legs and splash around, and she still loves it now that she's a toddler.
Although the tub is big, it's definitely worth a little hassle, because it makes bathtime fun for everyoneWe got this bath for our newborn.
Unfortunately we weren't able to use it until very recently when she turned 4 m.o.
The issue is that the triangle stopper is very wide on newborn side and my girl was crying when we put her in this tub.
Even now she prefers to lay her legs on top of the stopper, not around.So for the first 4 months we used the infant bath seat made by the same company that was absolutely great.
And the stopper in this seat is much narrower and much more comfortable for a babyMy son moved to this tub when he was about 5 months old and too big for his whale tub.
While my son is sitting up with no problems now and can catch himself (he's 7 months) I still recline him while I wash his hair so that I can avoid getting shampoo in his eyes.
I highly recommend!
We used this for 6 months.
After my son started walking and climbing, he just used it for leverage to climb out.
So the eurobath was replaced with a rubber rub liner with suction cups and now he walks around the real tubGot for my daughter 10 years ago and continue to buy for friends.
So easy to put baby in and wash them hands freeKeeps baby nice and secure while still submerged in the water (those baby hammocks in other tubs don't really work well cuz baby is barely in the water).
Has two ways to sit - more of laying down side and a sitting up side for when baby can sit up.
If you don't have a deep enough sink for the puj tub, this works well for small babies toothis is our 3rd (and surely, the last and the BEST) baby bath tub!
the first 2 tubs (Safety 1st and Summer) were nice but became too small for our baby when he was just 2.5 months old.
depth of tub allows for baby to be partially submerged in water keeping him warm throughout his bath.2.
holds baby safely in place allowing me to wash him using my 2 hands.
works great for first-time moms who fear and dread bathing a baby!3.
great anchors for the baby's arms.
these help mom clean baby's armpits, nape and back without any hassle, while keeping the baby in place, secure and comfortable.4.
highly recommended for babies from birth to toddlerWe bought this tub after our son outgrew his standard baby tub because we were nervous about putting him in our deep jetted bathtub.
It's been a great item and our son LOVES his baths more than ever.
The way the tub is designed works out perfectly for our wiggly toddler - it "holds" him in place so that he doesn't slip under.
Two tiny prices to pay for a great tub - I would definitely recommend it and I would purchase it againWe gave our baby his first bath in this when he was only 5 days old, and we're still loving it now that he's almost 5 months.
It's growing well with him and he always seems secure so that we don't worry about him slipping around.
However, if you have a dedicated child's bathroom where you can keep it, then this is a great baby bath tubI use this tub along with the Safer Bather and absolutely love it.
I have used the Eurobath with the Safer Bather from the start with my baby and she doesn't slide anywhere.
I think every parent needs a safe tubAfter reading all the reveiw on this, I believed I HAD to have this tub.
Our daughter never liked it.
I'll give it another shot when my daughter is about 3 months old and will hopefully have grown into itAfter I read all the reviews here on Amazon, I bought this bathtub right before the baby was born.
I had received 3 different baby tubs as gifts and returned them all and I'm glad I did.
The baby is now 6 weeks and I can say that it is a well designed tub.Pros: Works great for newborn and the baby can continue to grow into it.
The baby feels safe in the built in cradle for smaller babies.Cons: Only downside is it is super big.
I have to use it in our kitchen or the master bathroom where we have a large enough counter top.
Make sure you have enough counter space to place the tub on.
Baby is happy and safeI bought this tub after reviewing almost all the other comparable tubs on here!
My son was 5 months old when I bought it, and he is now 14 months... it works great for us!
I love that this tub is BPA free, and it cleans/dries very well.
One of my most useful buysWe have 6 children & have fostered several.
This tub was the best we have used!
We absolutely love this tubMy daughter is 3.5 years old and I have been looking for a large enough sturdy bathtub for her.This one is just perfect in every aspect.It is large and deep enough for a toddler and very comfortable and stylish.My daughter is thrilled with it and loves her bathtime in her new Primo Euro Bath.It is easy enough to empty out the water and it fits perfectly in a standard bathtub.Definately a good buy.I would not reccomend it to parents of a newborn or a small baby.This is more of a second baby bathtubThis infant bath is huge!
We decided we'll be hanging it in our bathroom out of the way, once the newborn phase is over.I think it will last throughout infancy and am glad we received itMy 9 month old son loves bath time with the Fisher Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub.
IT can be used for both babies and those that are old enough to sit up on their ownThis product has been wonderful for us as we only have a stand up shower at home.
She just wasn't big enough for the supports to be very effective.
Now, at a year old (and about 27 pounds!)
we still use the infant/reclining side, since I love the extra help the molded parts give me while bathing her.
We will probably transition her to the toddler side in a month or so.
It's big, but that's a key feature.
If you don't want a huge baby tub, try some of the other offerings.
Used this for two kids.
I felt like I could at least turn away from my baby long enough to fetch a washcloth or towel and know he would be safe.
He is a fast growing baby only one yr old but already bigger than many 18 months.
We have five different tubs at home and both grand parents house plus a travel tubs.
So fur this is the winner.
I highly recommend thisBig, but great tub for newborn.
Kept my son, comfy, warm, secure and safeI have had this tub for at least a year and a half now, and I still love it.
My chunk 26 month old can still fit in it comfortably.
It also worked great when he was much smallerI originally bought a Leachco Safer Bather Infant Bath Pad based on all the good reviews.
I did not have any luck with it, was very hard to bathe baby alone so I searched again and came across this one.
I am able to bathe my little one without any help.
She was probably about 8 lbs when we started using this tub and it cradles her so nicely so I don't have to hold her up or worry about her slipping under the water.
This is really an awesome design.
Would highly recommend this tubThis is the only tub I have ever owned, and I LOVE it!
I've tried other models when watching my friend's kids, nieces and nephews.
Of the ones I've tried I felt that the molded ones don't grow well with the kids, and the ones with padding, foam, or the slings never get as clean as you want them.
I got this one based on the reviews, and none of those things have ever been a problem.It was a little big when my baby was a newborn, but I just lined the reclining end with a small towel (rolled up a bit at the bottom to give her a boost) and it propped her up perfectly.
The grandparents didn't have a baby tub, so I had to bathe her in the sink when visiting.
I dreaded it because I was so spoiled by how easy this tub makes bathtime.
That free hand can be priceless!
She is a year old now and she still fits just fine.
We lay her back to wash her hair in one end, and when she sits up she can spin herself around to the other end to play.
As a little bonus, now that she is mobile, using this tub keeps her contained.
I went to Lowe's and bought one of those giant, locking suction cup hooks.
It holds the tub, and we still have plenty of room to shower.
It might just be true!When our LO was born, we started with one of the smaller standard bathtub with a net.
It was ok while we used the net but quickly became uncomfortable for our LO.
Now that we've tried it, we wish we'd have gotten the Eurobath right from the start.PROS:- Fits in our standard bath tub- Can be hanged (we use a Command hook)- Keeps baby comfy and safe for months on the &#34;baby&#34; side (at 7 months old, 18 lbs and over 28&#34;, our LO still uses the &#34;baby side&#34;)- There seems to be lots of space on the other side for when we're ready for it- Empties fast and easily- Actually saves water because it's so wide that there's no water loss when filling from the tub spout- No mold issues- Baby loves it!CONS:Haven't found any yetFirst, this is for our 3rd baby and it's our 3rd tub.
I love the fact it's big.
I love it, it's really big and very sturdyWe've been using this tub since our son was about 6 months old.
At first we used the infant position which worked great.
After a year, he is still using it and fits perfectly in it.
My son is very big for his age and yet still fits in it really well.
It is very sturdy and yet is light to carry and as our bathroom is quite small is hung on the wall out of the way when not in use.
The small plug is very easy to use too and means you can drain a little water to top it up if you need to.
But my baby outgrew the one first one I bought so I ended up buying this one and I wished I bought this one in the first place!The tub is large so it holds more water.
My baby loves playing in it!
The newborn side of the tub is awesome.
It prevents my baby from sliding.The toddler side is great too!
My son enjoys sitting up and playing with his floaty toys.Don't be intimidated by the size.
We started using this when she was 5 months; she could not yet sit by herself.
She is now 8 months and sits very well on her own.
I was hesitant when I bought it, but now that we've had it for a few months, I would definitely buy it againI have 20 month old twin boys and they didnt really use large baby tubs (no room!)
The side for the newborns in this tub makes them feel safe since the baby does not slips so easily.
It also gives a good support for the head.
You can actually enjoy to give a bath to your baby by focusing more in cleaning and playing with the baby than worring about finding a way to hold him to avoid him to drown.
It really facilitates the bath for first time parentsWe absolutely love the EuroBath!
We use it in conjunction with the Safer Bather bath pillow and our 6 month old just loves bath time!
Whether your new baby is lounging on the one side, or your older baby is sitting on the other side, it is a safe, secure and comfortable way to bathe your child.Do not be frightened away from this fantastic tub because of its size.
It is longer than many tubs, but you can use it for a very long time and it stores conveniently right inside your bathroom tub or closet.I HIGHLY recommend this productI bought this tub after my 5 month old son started to become too big for his other infant tub.
A friend has this tub and highly recommended it.
We love this tub and highly recommend itOur 4 month old son outgrew the First Year's Infant To Toddler Tub within a few months.
I finally bought this bath.
He tried it out yesterday and he was so happy!
He fit in the tub very nicely.
We started using this tub when our son was three weeks old, and he just seemed so small in the tub.
A few weeks later, he flipped out of my husband's hands and landed face down in the tub, so we discontinued use of the tub until he was about 4 months old.Now that he's older, he loves it!
While lying in the infant side, he had the freedom to splash around, and I never have had a problem with him rolling over or anything- the sides help keep him from doing that.He's now 7 months old, and we've switched him to the other side of the tub.
We keep it in the tub of our spare bathroom, and it takes up most of the tub.
It also has very high sides so it is very difficult to reach into it to bathe him; even though I am 5' 8".
I had a smaller tub for my daughter which fit very well in my sink (sure comfort deluxe) but I had lost the net which is required for a newborn so that's the only reason why I purchased this one (it got very good reviews).
I am going to go back to the sure comfort deluxe tub once my son has better control over his movements.
I am very suprised that this tub got such great reviews because of the size of it.
My son is lost in itThis is a BIG tub, but it works.
We put it on the counter between our double sinks so it is easy to use.
I bought it because you can use it for newborns as well as toddlers.
For small newborns it is not as comfortable, they kind of slide around a bit.
I wish there were some kind of gripper for them to lay on, we use a towel so he doesn't slide around as much.
It had a mesh sling in it to use when the baby couldn't be submerged yet.
That aspect of it was nice, but when we started putting our son down in the water, he was moving all over the place and sliding down a lot.
(a great book to get to research baby gear) and found this bathtub.
It is the best!
It has guides for the baby's arms and legs and a crotch post to keep him/her from sliding down.
Our son was comfy and in a reclined position.
When he didn't want to be laying down for baths anymore, we switched him to the other side where he could comfortably sit up and play.
We bathed our daughter in this from new born until 3 1/2.
The shape of the infant side kept her comfortably cradled and even when she squirmed she stayed in place, allowing me to focus on getting her squeaky clean.
It's worth every penny.Things to know:1) The tub is big.
It can't easily be tucked away somewhere out of sight.2) The shape of the tub requires maneuvering to get all of the water out while draining since all areas do not have direct access to the drainI works great as it has 2 sides.
The Primo sign fell of within a couple of monthsWe decided to go with this bath tub after reading lots of reviews about it...they were all positive!When we received it via courier, we were happy with the quality although found it a bit big.Our daughter is 5 weeks old and we've used it about 6 times or so.
We don't have that much kitchen counter space so it won't work in that manner.All in all, our daughter enjoys it and seems quite secure in it.
I would definitely recommend this to my friendsthis tub is a little big, but it is absolutely the best tub out there.
before my baby could sit up, it was a huge help to have both hands free to wash him.
easy to clean and will grow with the baby.
the other tubs out there are way too gimmickyThis is an excellent tub.
I tried one of the seats first, which pinched my baby and was really uncomfortable.
Its great for itty bitty babies, big babies, and even small toddlers.
The closest highly rated blue whale tubFisher-Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub(like most others), while really cute, has a tendency to develop mold in hidden crevices.
The PRIEuro has no crevices.
I have been using this since LO was 2 weeks old.
She is 4 months now and still loves it.
It is quite big in size but we have ample counter space on the vanity so it works well for us.
Looking forward to using this until LO is a toddlerBaby Bargains rated this tub as their top pick for 2011.
I wish I could chime in with other reviewers and say how great it is, but I had some issues with it and thought others might benefit from my experience.
First of all, it's HUGE.
My baby was born under 7 lbs., and would've just slipped right out of the molded section unless I kept at least one hand supporting him at all times.
I did give it three stars, though, because it is a nice quality tub and if you're baby (and bathroom) is on the larger side, you would probably love thisThis is by far the best purchase we've made for our son - at 2 months old he was 16 lbs, and too big for most tubs.
This one is perfect.
He absolutely LOVES it - he kicks and splashes and has so much fun in the bath!
It's very supportive, but at the same time, he has a lot of freedom to play.
He sat up where my son lies, and also had support and freedom at the same time.
I would absolutely recommend it to any and every parent and/or grandparent.
The wet fabric helped keep them in place.
The force of the draining water blows it closed so I have to prop it open by sticking a pair of scissors through the holeThis tub is great for my 19 month old.
It's the first tub we've had, and I predict it will be the ONLY ONE we ever have.
My daughter just loves splashing around in it and it fits her little body so well that I don't worry about her slipping out or off of the infant rests while I bathe her.
I actually put this tub into our bathroom tub for bathtime - fits perfectly.
I love the little "out spout" it has too to empty itYour baby will have support with this and can lay in it alone.
This means your hands will be free which is great for a quick bath if your baby is like mine and cries during the whole timeWe registered for this site unseen based on the reviews.
It greeted us on the porch of our house when we arrived home with the baby.
At first, I thought a refridgerator had been delivered!
We bought this tub before our daughter (first child) was born.
After 22 months of use, this tub is still in perfect condition and our daughter still fits in it with room to spare.
The baby sits in what reminds me of a western-style saddle with the piece in front that won't let baby slip down -- even as a newborn.
Now THAT'S what I call bang for your buck.We got one of those inflatable duck tubs for our daughter's first birthday as a gift.
We assume other inflatable tubs will be too per their dimensions.
In addition, the duck tub was so narrow that our daughter's bath toys would have been piled up on her lap.
Other tubs may have "spa" features or temperature devices but they don't hold a candle to this tub.
We do, that's for certainMy baby is one month old and we love the eurobath!
It's spacious and comfortable, he likes being in the water, other bathtubs have a seat out of the water.
It also has a plug on the bottom which makes it easy to empty.
I love that it holds an older baby tooPROS:This tub is PERFECT for my 6 month old.
She still uses the lying down position.
You just have a soggy towel to wash after every bath which is taxingThis was too big for our two month old and he was very uncomfortable.
Also the protruding centerpiece is a good place to crush a baby's balls so watch out especially if he's too small to fit in the tub properly!
Hopefully in the future we can use it againBathing my infant girl has been so easy thanks to this bathtub!
I started using it when she was just three weeks old, and the contoured infant seat supported her just fine.
She has never cried during her bath, even when I pour water over her head, because the seat positions her so that it is next to impossible to get water in her face or ears.
She still fits comfortably in the infant seat and is able to kick and splash very easily and safely.
Yes, it is much bigger than most tubs, which makes it impossible to store anywhere but in your own tub or shower stall, but it is worth it, because I know that we will be using it well past her first yearAfter they outgrow the infant tub this is awesome.
It will last well until he is 2 and works wonderfullyArrived caved in from shipping.
I ended up ordering the hoppop bath, which I love.
I still prefer the hoppop that I purchased through AmazonAfter much research I got this tub.
My baby kicked sideways from the get go.
It is quite large and takes up a lot of space.
For my newborn I simply prefer to roll up a towel and call it goodThis tub is large, fits in the bath tub, and works very well for our daughter.
She just chills out in it while we scrub away!
It also has a plug in the bottom.
All you would need is a little pad to put under baby's butt or back..everything else it perfect!
We lived in a small one-bathroom condo when I had my first baby and it was difficult to find a place for this thing since we had to take it out of the tub every time we showered.If you have a bathroom that's just for the baby where you can leave the tub in there all the time, this tub is perfect.
If, however, you bathe your baby in your own bathroom, consider getting the Sure Comfort tub that's smallerIt is huge and can be slippery but if your child loves water and loves to splash around this is probably going to be the right tub for you.
Put a wash cloth down and, as always, watch them closely!
I will say, however, that after ordering it off of Amazon, I found it for a cheaper price at Babies R' Us so check aroundI used this bathtub from the day I brought my son home until he was old enough to climb out of it on his own.
When he was really tiny we just put a rolled up waschloth at his groin to prop him up a bit more.
But it was so nice that he could be supported but be deeper in the water.
He stayed warmer and he was much more relaxed than when we bathed him in the standard baby tub at my parents house.
I only wish we had bought it sooner!
Right now our daughter is using the cradle piece, and loves that she can splash around.
One of our best baby purchasesI LOVE this tub!
The moulded shapes hold my baby nicely and allow me to have my hands free to bathe him properly.
We have been using it since he was three weeks old and it still works well.
We always lay a towel in the bottom to keep him from slipping around and for comfort.
This tub is huge, which I was aware of..it's one of the reasons I love it.
My son who is almost 8-months, looooves the freedom this tub gives him.
I use a towel on the bottom of the tub to make it less slick, and it does help, but it isn't fool proof.
Once he becomes more steady, and aware of himself, it will become easierIt ended up being more of a hassle to use this then just jump in the bath with her.
I used it a couple times, now a year later it sits in our closetThis is a great product!
The tub is well-designed and comfortably keeps my 5 month-old baby in place while I'm washing him.
Our son loves to kick and splash in it.We originally had the Fisher-Price Aquarium Tub, which was great for our newborn - 4 months.
After that, it became really uncomfortable for our sonUsed it for 1st time today.
My 5 month old seem comfortable in it.
We just graduated from that 1st year tub (with sling) since he look too big for the other tub.1 less star for the scratches and dirt on the tub when it arrived.
But it's good after washing.
Nothing fancy.
Very well shaped thoughMy husband and I love this tub.
Our son was very cramped in his smaller tub at just 4 months of age!
My son is in the 90 percentile for his height & 60 percentile in weight.Now the reason why I gave it 4 stars: It is not ideal for newborns because it doesn't come with a hammock.
From 0-4 months, the smaller tub was great for our son.
It also allowed us to bathe our son standing up because the smaller tub fits on top of the kitchen sink.
If you have a smaller baby, I don't recommend this for your newborn!
In my opinion this is more ideal for babies who are 14lbs and upWe've been using this since birth for the past 4 months and it's working well.
It is very big, but much better than the others available in my opinion.
I like that there are two sides- one for a reclining baby and the other for a toddler sitting up.
She still manages to swish herself around face down, despite the little barrier that sits between the baby's legs.
I've tried scrubbing it with baby-safe detergents, but it won't come off.
I never used it for my son when he was an infant, but you can put the baby in one way and they recline, then face them the other way once they can sit up.This thing is fabulous!
My son has a ton of room to splash around and play.
The tub also has a spot to hold shampoo and bath wash bottlesAs the previous review stated, this is the perfect tub for a tall baby.
Our 24 in tall 2 month old outgrew her 4Moms CleanWater tub and we wanted to find a tub she can continue to use as she grows.
It seems to be made well and is super sturdy, we have been using it for a month and I can see using it until she grows out of it.
Yes, it is big but we keep it in the bathtub of our spare bathroom all the time so it is not an issue.
I love that it's roomy and has a couple different options for seating.
I lay my kiddo down to bathe him but allow him to sit up to play.
Plus I feel safer being able to reach the baby easier.2.
It doesn't drain fully on its own - it must be tipped later on after the baby is out.3.
The middle support piece could be taller.
For the most part, it holds my 6-month-old in the reclining position.
I really like the size of this tub, because it is huge (though it still fits easily into my standard size tub).
It has a nice contoured reclined position on one side to hold my infant son, yet the sitting position on the opposite side provides ample space for my 3.5 year old daughter.
This is the second time I have purchased a Primo brand product (the first time was a Primo potty), and I have been very pleased both times.
Especially for 1st time parents!
The design holds baby in place &amp; our 1 month old (who is almost rolling over already) stays put during bathing!
Really a nice product, helped me feel more comfortable about bathing a newborn!Update at 4.5 months age: I stand by my statement above in that this is a great product - IF you use it.
He was a really big baby and his arm and legs were starting to hang out of the other one.
So I'm so happy I found this.
It worked perfect.
Exactly what I needed.
Super easy and my son had so much fun taking a bath since he could play with a couple toys.
But I think it's pretty sturdy, maybe just that my boy is a big for age.
Lifesaver for me when he was 6-12 months though!
And it still looks brand new now, so I can use it again for next babyMy son is 7 months old...we've been using it since he was approx.
1 month.
We used one of those "bear" shaped bath sponges to support him a little when he was tiny, but we're still using this tub and we love it!
He's now able to sit up and play in it.
I can see we'll be using it for a while!
It's a good investment.
Very durable and easy to cleanI have used this tub for my two kids and it is perfect for our needs.
My son who is almost 3 still fits in it and I used it for my newnorn daughter as well.
The design really helps little ones stay upright when they are starting to sitWe started with what I call the newborn tub and switched to this by 3 months.
It is very large and fits perfectly in our existing tub.
Makes hair washing a breeze if your older baby will stay reclined!
My son no longer will!
Just press it in when setting up the tub to be sure.
There is plenty of space for her to kick and play.
It drains easily and easy to clean.
For the price you will get your deal, especially the end result is a happy babyThis is the best baby bath tub out there.
It is large, taking up a good amount of space, but when hung on the wall (there is a hole in the top rim of the tub for this very use) it's simple to take down and set up and then give baby a bath.
We've used it in two of the homes we've lived in, and it's worked great in both.
This keeps baby's head elevated even when he can't support it; but baby can sit up on his own later in the other end...
Win winI received this as a gift.
I didn't use it until my daughter was 5 months.
It's wonderful!
I highly recommend this itemI have four kids and have used so many different tubs.
This is by far my favorite.
This tub is very big and holds an ample amount of water.
I love that it is molded inside to accomate young babies and later on toddlers.
While the baby is young, the infant molded side is great.
There is plenty of room to fill the tub and keep the baby covered in warm water.
I like that and I always put my stuff in these areas before I even start the bath so that everything is right there and I don't have to reach for anything.
Once your baby can sit very well, you move him to the toddler/sitting side.
This side is great because it allows you to bathe the baby and he won't be sliding all around the tub because the moldings help keep him steady and secure.
Here is the one warning and tip I will give: My second son was very active during bath time.
He loved to play and carry on.
I packed it away and brought it out when my third son was born.
I will use it until my son has the same problem.
I LOVED it.
HUGE improvement, as the previous version was prone to mildew in the tubing, and yanking the tube to help with drainage was problematic.This tub can hold a brand-new baby.
One side has what looks like a slide with sides.
It actually supports the baby, and holds it to keep it from slipping.
I love it, works great, and recommend to every new momWe tried 3 different bath tubes for our newborn.Using this bath from her 4th week!
perfect shape, highly recommendedWe purchased this tub in transparent blue.
At first sight it seems HUGE.
It's because the tub has two "sides".
It's very ergonomic for baby and allows whoever is bathing baby to use both hands for washing.
Sturdy, easy to clean, easy to store, and my baby loves it!
It also matches our blue themed bathroom quite nicely.
Worked really well for us and we never had to buy two sizes of tubs!
Also, it is nice that it has ledges to hold your wash cloth or soap tooOur baby's umbilical cord stump fell of when she was just a few days old, so we bathed her in this tub.
She was too tiny for her arms to fit in the arm places, but it worked perfectly because she fit snugly and securely in the place that the body is supposed to go.
This is a large baby tub, but it stores easily in the bathtub, cleans up very easily, and you will be able to use it for 2 years at least!
Well worth the extraWhen I was pregnant and looking to buy a tub I went through every review on Amazon to see which one people liked most.
The EuroBath got the best ratings by far.
This tub's contoured bottom made it so easy!
There is a place designed specifically for your baby to rest comfortably without you having to hold them.
Your baby may be a little small to fit snugly at first.
It is HUGE!
There is also a way to hang it on the wall too but I'm not sure why you would need to go that far.I don't recommend trying to move the tub when it is filled with water due to it's size.
I think the reviews themselves show how much you and your baby will love itMy son is 9 months old and could be bathed in our regular bath tub without issues.
We have been using this tub on our kitchen counter since he was born and its the best thing.
I can bathe him at a comfortable height without bending and kneeling.
But when he was a newborn he was able to lie down and be well supported.
I think this tub is wonderful.
It is large and spacious and I think it could easily be used well into the toddler years.
Its big enough for a toddler and perfectly built inside for a smaller infantThis was a life saver!
My baby was only 6 pounds full-term, and this tub was HUGE!!
She hated it and so did I, and to this day (18 months later!)
IF YOUR BABY IS A PREEMIE OR IS JUST ON THE SMALLER SIDE, DO NOT BUY THIS TUB - IT IS JUST WAY TOO HUGE AND REALLY HAS NO SUPPORTS!!!!!!!!!!!
!UPDATE: I RECENTLY PURCHASED THE MUNCHKIN DUCKY TUB FOR $15, AND I WAS ABLE TO GET HER TO CLIMB INTO THE TUB AND EVEN START PLAYING WITHIN THE FIRST 5-10 MINUTES OF HER LAYING EYES ON IT!!
Should've gone with this from the beginningI purchased this after the fold away unit I had been using for the first four months just wasn't cutting it anymore.
That being said, I started using this when my grandson was 5 months old...he is now 14 months old and I use it every week and I don't see him growing out of it anytime soon.
I use the other end of the tub (not the reclining end) and it allows him to sit up and the straddle guard keeps him from slipping.
It worked fantastically!
One baby had to recline while the other partially sat up, but we could finally give them baths at the same time.
Our kids love it and so do weWe used this bath tub with our first son and loved it.
It truly last a lot longer than most and is very safe with infants.However, i just re-ordered one for our second son and had to return it because we now live in a smaller space and it is way too big!
Definitely not for a 700 Sqr Foot apartment in the cityI was surprised at just how large this tub was when I received it.
Literally, my 3 year old can take a bath in it.
He LOVES it, and calls it his "boat".
It is really sturdy.
If you are NOT looking for something large, this is not the tub for you :-)If you have a smaller infant (which I always do), I would think adding a sponge insert will help to allow even the smallest baby to fit.We love itSaved the day.
Two years old granddaughter growing out of smaller infant tub.
We started using it as soon as my son's cord stump fell off.
Alex *hated* sponge baths, but he loves his Primo tub.
The reclining position is pretty darn safe, and it gives the baby a lot of support while you wash, which is a Godsend.
thank goodness i have a spare room by my bathroom to store it in otherwise i would have no choice but to send it back.
it is nice & sturdy thoughThis bathtub is excellent because you can use it from birth to toddlerhood.
I started using this for my son's first bath and it was great.
I just put a towel underneath him and he was safe and secure.
Now he's over 20 months, and we still use it, and he's still very comfortable in it.
If he accidentally slips backwards, the sloping backrest catches him without injury.It's nice and big - for me, this is a plus as I think he'll continue to fit comfortably in it for at least another year.
However, if you have a really tiny bathroom that is shared with multiple people, this could be a drawback.How many baby products do you use, basically every day, for the first 3 years of baby's life?!
Not many.
Considering this fact, it's $25 well spent.Also, it might be nice for some to know: if the stopper/gasket breaks, the company will send you a replacement free of charge.
Nothing is even comparable to this Eurobath.
She is having fun in it!
My daughter is now 13 months and she is about 20 lbs.Below is the comparison of the other bathtubs to Eurobath.
With other tubs, I experiences:1.
And the water is just covering her buttock (not even up to her waist).While Eurobath gives her so much room to play and keep her body warm with the water that cover up to her chest.2.
I need to use my toothbrush to clean up certain areas in the tub due to the molding.While Eurobath has a smooth curve that makes my cleaning time a breeze (just wipe it dry and done!).3.
The infant sling I have, use a metal that finally got give away to corrossion due to its daily exposure to water for the first 6 months.
And for the other one, it was just too narrow for the infant part.While Eurobath infant section has so much space that even my daughter still fit in there for hairwash.
Great oneWe call this tub "Moby Dick" in our house on account of it's size, but this has been a great tub for my now 16 mo old.
I use the baby side to shampoo his hair.All in all, a great tubThis was one of the best purchases we've made!
He's very comfortable in it since it cradles him & I love the idea that it can be used for so long.
My favorite feature was being able to use both hands to wash her or lather soap in my hands since the tub supported her so well.
The headrest of the tub is great for a newborn and I love that I can wash the entire tub and not worry about detaching and washing the support fabric that other baby tubs have.
It's huge.
It works for infants up to 3 year olds.
Highly recommendWe love this tub and so does our daughter!
I read the reviews on this and we are so glad we recieved this as a gift.
The tub has been great since she was a newborn, and weighed in at 7 lbs.
11 oz.
She fits great in the contoured area and the water level is sufficient to keep her warm and happy during bathtime.
We originally bought one of the sponge teddy bear pads to put her on inside the tub, but found it unecessary and uncomfortable for her because she was now out of the water too much.
I love that we'll be able to keep using this bath as she grows into this little baby spa.The material is durable, the molding perfect for a little baby and the features are practical.
We leave it in the tub, flipped up to dryWe are very happy with the tub.
It is light, well made, made in the USA!
THANK YOU!!!
This is definitely larger.
My infant daughter is still very small for the infant seat but she will grow into the space.
So worth it.
But, no big deal since we use the cup to rinse his hair anywayThis tub is bulky, but great.
It is highly easy to keep clean.
And has two positions.
In this position I would place a washcloth down before the baby to prevent sliding.
The second position is for infants to sit upright.
Is something that could be used for years or passed to family and friends as a hand-me-down.
Well worth the price.
No mildew issues at allAt first I thought this tub was ridiculously big, but my son loves it!
We even bought a second one for our summer house, because I can't imagine giving him a bath without it.
My son is 9 1/2 months old and can sit up perfectly, but still prefers to "lounge" in it lying down.
I also like that it's all plastic, no mesh or rubber mats that can mildew--it has a bump in the middle to keep the baby from slidingThis is a great bathtub for babies.
I love how the sides come up and kind of hug my baby, I don't have to worry about him rolling over in it.
Its very easy to clean.
This Eurobath is wonderful.
It is VERY roomy & baby enjoys splashing around.
There is plenty of room for her toys.
I definitely recommend this tubThis tub is great!
I started using it at 1 month and bath time has never been better.
My baby seems very comfortable in this tub, I highly recommend itThis is the best for me.
It is very simple to use, even when you are a first mum and are giving baby his first bath, and convenient according to baby's ageI love this tub, it's great for infants and toddlers.
I do recommend but it does take up alot of room.
It is, hands down, among the best baby gear purchases I've ever made.
The smart ergonomic design keeps your baby sturdy and safe, and allows you to have both hands free for washing and grabbing bath products and towels.
YOU WILL LOVE THIS TUBGot this tub because my son is pretty large for his age and outgrew his spa baby tub at 4 months.
he LOVES being able to lay and kick in this tub!
We originally purchased a different tub, but at 4 months our baby outgrew that one so we opted to buy the PRI EuroBath.
I only wish we'd bought this tub first.
He is so relaxed in it!
Best out there on the marketIf you're looking for a tiny bathtub for your itty-bitty newborn baby, this might not be what you had in mind.
AnnoyingMy son had his first bath in this tub.
It's a bit large for a newborn.
The second time I used it, I used one of the mesh beds from another bath with this set.
My son was in heaven.There's plenty of room in the tub.
He looks forward to bath timeBefore my son was born I bought him fisher price bath tub.
I liked to look at it, and imagined how I would bathe my baby in it.
So the time came, and Nick was born 9 lb 4 oz.
Huge?!
And my husband was showering.
After looking at customer photos I understood this is exactly what I need.So it came, I cleaned it and we tried it same evening: Nick was so happy.
Primo is designed so well, like it was created just for the shape of my baby.
The baby was very happy, smiling all the time, and kicking the water.
I bought this tub and it is great!
It is big, but fits perfectly in our tub and gives her so much room to play around.
It has made the both of us so happy i only wish it was padded, but other then that it has been greatOur daughter loves to take a bath in this tub, and we love to bathe her in our Eurobath.
We are looking forward to being able to turn her around when she can sit up on her own!
Hate to bathe her without it - though we have had to a few timesafter tried out 3 different tubs, i finally bought this one.
i didn't want to buy this tub at the first place because it is a humongous tub.
but, once i gave my daughter a bath in it, i knew that this is a good buy.
my daughter wouldn't slip off in the tub and there is plenty of water to pour over her body and it takes less time to bath herMy husband registered for, and we recieved this bath when our daughter was born.
From day one, I absolutely hated it.
She just could not relax enough to enjoy her bath, and she LOVES to be in warm water.Even with a sponge support she cried every second she was in the water.
my daughter loves bath time again.
My baby Amelia has been in it since week 1 and she is 3 months and still loves it.
She fits perfectly in the newborn side, and I feel safe she won't slip down.
I can easily bathe her alone without problems.
Highly recommended, especially since the tub grows with you and your babyBefore I gave birth I received a smaller blue infant tub that is generally pretty popular and widely available.
I loved it for my newborn, it was small and compact and easy to place over the sink.
However by months 3 it was clear the tub was far too small for my son, even though it claimed to be for toddlers as well.
So we decided to get this one, it is far superior to the previous one.
Though this one does not come with an newborn insert I find the tub itself is so much smoother, softer and more comfortable for the baby then the previous one.
The laying down part is still being used at 7.5 months.
I think it will probably be used for quite a while, since it is easier to lather him up in that position.
I should have purchased it first.
I am very happy with it and highly recommend it for your newborn, infant or toddlerThis is an awesome tub.
The seat thing is great and does a good job at keeping her from slipping when I lay her backMy 3 month old daughter LOVES this tub.
We originally had the First Years tub, but she grew out of the newborn hammock but was still too small to bathe without it.
She loved it right off the bat.
This tub is also HUGE which means lots of water to splash in!
When she first started getting to know this tub, she started kicking around frantically and made us wonder if she was panicking or having a good time.
Well turns out she was just having a good time haha.
I am so glad I did!
From the moment we brought our son home this bath has severed us well.
I must confess that I also recieved the summer infant comfy bath sponge and actually the two items complemented each other perfectly.
From newborn to about 10 weeks I placed the summer infant bath sponge in the reclining part of the Euro bath.
This secures a small baby in the bath, keeps them warm and allows you to reach for things like washcloths and wash without fear of them slipping.
As our son has got bigger we've not needed the sponge and at 13 weeks he's now at ease in the reclining part without the sponge.
Overall this has been one of the best registry gifts that will last beyond the first few monthsLove this tub for my 8 month old.
This tub was a hit right off.
She loves it, there is plenty of room for her to splash around and it is really easy ton wash herWe love love love ours.
We have used for two years, and it is in as perfect condition as when we bought it.
No sharp edges a fabulous size, and easy to clean.
It is also more attractive than many others we looked at.
HATED that one.
Read reviews and bought this one - baby is now 15mos and we are still using it.
LOVE it.
Worked great, out of the way & able to dry out.
Buying this for all of my girlfriends for their baby showersThis tub is HUGE!!!
My master bath only has a shower stall, so I use this in there when I bathe my 6 1/2 month old daughter.
While there is a plug it doesn't really do a good jub of letting out the water while the baby is still in the tub.
I would have bought the white tub, but Amazon had it priced at $15.00 more than the blue tub, plus the blue tub was eligible for free shipping with my Amazon Prime account while the white tub was not.I had this same tub in white when my son was a baby.
He is now 4-years old and prefers to take showers.
He is a big kid and outgrew the baby bath tubs so very quickly.
Instead of buying a smaller baby bath tub, I opted to just buy this tub because I knew from personal experience that it would be the be all end all baby bath tub for me.
Little Miss likes to kick, so this tub is perfect for her.
The infant supports hold her very well.
I do not need to hold herThe infant supportsI first used this bath for my baby's very first bath at 4 weeks (she was born 6.5lbs) and it worked very well!
I felt she was safe and secure while I washed her.
It's easy to clean without any odd crannies and I love that it is all white and "clean" in appearance.
Now my daughter is 6 months old, 14lbs and about 24in she's just about right to use the tub without the towelWe are still using this tub after almost two years!
My son loves it.
Eventually we will have to move on, but it was great for the moneyDesign is superior - no other tub compares.
You can use this from birth on, no matter size of baby.
First daughter was tiny, second was a tank.
Both love their eurobath.
It is huge (the bigger your bathroom - and tub - the better), but so worth itThis tub is really nice.
The contoured area for the baby is just right, and it seems really safe.
My baby hated baths until I bought this tub, and now he is much happier.
I feel much more at ease using this than I did using the sink because I know that my son is not going to slip into the waterI was determined to not by a giant plastic baby tub because I lived in a 3 story townhome.
It's nice that we can still use this one on the counter and not have to lean over a regular tub.
I read reviews previous to registering and I was so glad that I did.
Although it takes up a lot of space and isn't very cute, it is worth its weight in gold.
It holds baby so well from the very beginning and provides the "extra hands" I need for a productive yet safe bath-time.
I can foresee us using this bath for a long-time and I recommend it to everyone I knowWAY too big and bulky.
It's not very easy to use or clean.
It doesn't drain very well and you end up just dumping it out by tipping it overThe tubs works great for my 6 month son, but I could not make it work when he was a newborn...
Our son outgrew his first bathtub by three months.
It had a baby sling, but he hated the sling.
We bought this one next, and he loves it!
He just lounges around in it, and I love that it cradles him so well so he doesn't slip!
It is very safe and comfortable for him.
I'd definitely recommend itBiggest baby bath ever!
My son loves this bath!
I love how it keeps him sitting up, and it will last him a few yearsWe like this tub a lot.
He is still in the infant side.
It is great thoughI used the safer bather (and liked it) one time before going to the EuroBath.
I used the safer bather in the EuroBath when my sons was very small, and within a month or two just used the EuroBath.
I love this tub.
Has a position for all age babies and toddlers, which will save money because you don't have to keep buying bath products and again it save with the water bill (My son still used the lay down position)3.
White color so you can remove things floating around in the bath water, and you can easily notice things such as bug bites and such that need your attention on babies skin.
:))7.
It is one solid thick mold.
I like large because I know I will get my 25.00 out of it since I will be able to use it for several years but again it is a pretty large itemWhen I purchased this I didn't know my son was going to be born 2 months early and be a tiny little preemie.
Not at all.
My son always felt very secure in this tub and I loved that it really grew with him.
The baby hated it.The baby loves this bath!
He kicks and splashes and has a grand time.
We place it next to the sink on the kitchen counter and it works wonderfully!
(A tiny closet - but it fits!
The first night I used it was fantastic.
No longer do I have to hold onto our slippery baby with one hand and wash her with the other which is uncomfortable for the both of us.
Brilliant.
Love itI bought this and had it sent to my niece for her baby shower, so I can't really say much about it as I never actually saw it, but she told me she really likes itI did a good bit of research when looking for a tub as I wanted something that we could use for a while with our little one.
This tub is perfect.
It will take up the vast majority of a standard size tub (which you also have to keep in mind for storage purposes).
If you are looking for a tub that you can use in a dedicated bathroom and are focused on bathtime safety, this is the tub you've been looking forWe still use this tub for my daughter at 2 1/2, 30 lbs and 37" tall, and have used it since birth.It is so RARE for a "convertible" baby-to-toddler product to actually pan out in real life that I just had to review this.The molded shape of this tub is just perfect, and thinks of everything!
The slanted part is such that we still use it to wash my daughter's hair even as a large toddler.
It seems to be very comfortable between the crotch as she's never complained, and sits relaxed reclined or upright.
As a baby, she was cradled, secure and very happy.I love everything about this tub, especially its' large size.
Given this tub's large size, I can (now that she's too big to ever slip under) fill it up to the top, and she's got warm water and suds up to her mid-chest, without any risk of her falling under as with an adult tub.
No nooks and crannies for gunk to accumulate.
The rubber drain is the only place where we get some mildew, but it pops right out for easy cleaning and reinserts just as easily.
Even with a full tub, in 2.5 years we've never had a crack.I love this tub so much, we bought two more - one for Grandma and Grandad's in each state!
Perfect for large babies and small.
This one will last and last.
I DO NOT mean 5 stars!I bought the Diaper Dekor first based off these reviews online, and I hated it!!
I does not work at all.
Then I got the diaper Gene and it's better but still I think it sucks.
:) I am looking into the Diaper Champ now as it uses any regular trash bagIt works great!
It just makes it smell nice.Just read the instructions first, it saves you from frustration later!
;cI loved hearing all the yeahs and nahs when registering for my baby about the diaper systems.
I stood with the diaper genie because of the reviews.
I love it, I have no complaints.
No smells, no troubles.
Works GREAT!
Easy to useFor us this is a LIFE SAVER!!...
I even bought another one for my mother's house... Im agree with a lot of nice stuff from other reviews and Im not going to repeat them, but I have to say something about how many times it gets full.
It's not true that it gets full everyday.... or....
It would get full if you put the diapers open.... What you have to do is Fold the diaper together with the wipes that you use, and you would see the difference...
It doesn't lock out odors either.
It may have for the first week or two, but now at 3 1/2 months it SMELLS BAD.
No matter how many times I twist after the first diaper, the second one always pushes right through the first twist and ends up hanging in the bottom - un-sausage-linked.
My son turns 2 in a couple weeks and I don't know what I would have done without this.
This device is basically a garbage can, but it helps keep the nursery from getting stinky.
So keep the room well ventilated.
The Diaper Genie is easy to use, and the refills last a long time.
The lid also kept coming off of mine.
With the wide opening model, the opening is the right size to shove diapers in and keep any poop that clings to the outside of the diaper from depositing on the Genie.Save on refills by putting 2 diapers into the same "sausage", then twist only twice (not 3 times as per instructions) to contain them ...Our baby is 5 1/2 months and we've used it since first coming home from the hospital.
But just you wait until you introduce those solids.
Phew!!!
It helps eliminate diaper odors, thanks to the slightly powder scented bags, and that it seals off each dirty diaper.
It's convenient, VERY easy to use, and most of all sanitary.
The Diaper Genie's only redeeming quality is the fact that it closes at the top.
Otherwise, it's kind of a pain in the rear.
I stick air freshners to it to compensate-I think that says it allI got this as a gift and loved it for the first six months.
Once solid foods were introduced into my son's diet, this didn't even come close to holding in the stench.
I even used the different types of refills that were made for it...ie.
I even put air fresheners in and near it....
Still a hassle to remove the "diaper weenie" so now I just use a normal trash can.
It does what it says it will--control odor in your baby's room.
It is EXPENSIVE to buy the refills.
2.
It's really easy to break something or not put the pieces back in the right way.
3.
It fills up pretty fast.
We started off loving this contraption and singing the praises that you've heard from so many, but have since found ourselves grumbling about it more and more.
It makes a huge difference in how the changing room smells.
It is a little tricky.
It would be nice if it held a few more diapers, and the cutting and changing of the refills is a little tricky, but I love it just the same.
Honestly, my husband and I use the plastic bags that the daily newspaper comes in.
Ick.
I realize now there's a real reason other companies decided to come up with other models.
I figured I'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills.Once I started using something different, I realized immediately just how wonderful the Diaper Genie really was.
The odor protection the Diaper Genie provides is much superior to that of the other diaper pail.
When I used the Diaper Genie, my son's room never smelled.
I definetly go with the diaper champ, better odor control, no refill bags ( use conventional kitchen trash bagsIt is a BIG WASTE OF MONEY.
Even though they discontinued selling the original they still sell the refills for the original right next to the the wide refills.
So for my baby shower I recieved the original re-fill for my wide genie.
It does work to keep odor out I suppose, but so does a plastic bag.Just put your diaper in a plastic bagThe Diaper Genie is sooo easy to use and they always have coupons on refills.
I love it..
The stickers it comes with is a joke.
I constantly have to be sticking them back on.
Very soft, cushy, works great, looks nice, easy install.
Makes me feel more comfortable with him playing in the living roomA new baby reaching toddler size presents a lot of difficulties around the house.
What will he get into?
How will he injure himself?
Hmmmmmm.
For example, our living room has a large fireplace with a raised brick hearth.
The edge, and particularly the corners, are sharp and harsh and could cause a good wound if the baby were to fall against them.
So we bought this Prince Lionheart Cushiony Fireplace Guard.
The guard is stuck on with some tape from 3M and there are warnings in 10 different languages that they do not guarantee that the glue will do no damage.
Hmmmmm.
I expect there will be damage when the guard is removed.
It's an imperfect solution, but better than nothing.Gary PetersonWhen our grandson started pulling up and standing, I knew it would be just a matter of time before he would find the hearth made of brick and waist high.
So I looked at my favorite shopping place and found these guards.
I read the reviews and decided to give them a try.
They were really easy to install using the 3M tape that was included.
We have had them on the hearth now for 3 weeks and they have stuck solid so far.
ThanksJust as described.
Works well, good quality.
I was also happy that they are one of the few companies that still seem to have their call center located in U.S.
Very nice not having language issuesMy son was able to pull this off right away.
I'm constantly retaping it to the fireplace.
When it does stay on, it's great.
Have prevented a few bruises/cutsEasy to put on.
Only put tape at TOP and not SIDES if it isn't a perfect 90 angle.
Our fireplace is made out of stone pieces so it is uneven on sides.
It still stays with tape only on top holding it on.
Colors are true to actual lookIt's okay.
It pulls off of brick very easily.
My 11 mo.
What I really love about this product is the color of the foam that really blends right in with our living room decor, and the foam can be easily cut to fit perfectly, which we had to do.
My daughter loves to crawl up and sit on the hearth, and in her exuberance she's tumbled off before.
This cushion has directly protected her head a few timesHaven't had any issues with sticking.
My 13-month old has tried pulling at it, but haven't succeeded.
Or bothWe got these becasue our new house has a brick fireplace with an elevated ledge.
Our daughter was just learning to walk when we moved in and as part of our baby-proofing we decided we needed something for the fireplace.
It didn't fit together right and then the adhesive didn't stick to the brick.
Plus when it was on our daughter seemed to be drawn to it!
Since we bought these from BabiesRUs He has managed to get one piece off but considering he weighs 25lbs and has been pulling at these constantly I'm only taking 1 star off.
Otherwise this is doing a great job keeping him safe and reapplying the one piece isn't that hard.I bought the brown ones and both my wife and I actually think it looks pretty good on our gray brick fireplace and brown tables.
We also bought a 4 pack of their edge guards after the first two brands we tried couldn't survive my son's curiousity.
I'm sure my kid will still find some weight to hurt himself but hopefully now it won't be a call 911 kind of hurtWorked very well for when my son began walking at around 12 months and would fall into everything.
I purchased the colour that best matched our fireplace mantelWhen I got my Simmons Changing Pad, this came with it free.
It fits the pad great and feels much better to the skin than the plastic cover of the pad.
The terry cloth is so soft and makes the pad so comfy.I was shopping the other day and found that a division of Carter's also makes changing pad covers that will fit the Simmons pad.
I think that would be a good reason to buy one of these, because you could keep using the pad and just cover up the tearAlthough I do not have the Simmons changing pad, mine is the same measurement but the cover doesn't fit.
I am giving it 4 stars though, because if it did fit, it would be a good changing pad cover.
It is absorbant for times when you are mid diaper and there is an accident, and is much more comfortable than the plastic on the pad.
If you do not have the Simmons changing pad, do not get this product, but if you do, this is a great product to haveWhen I was a brand-new mom, eager to color-coordinate my baby's nursery, I bought terrycloth changing pag covers in almost every shade available.
Doesn't sound like much work, but considering how many messes babies can make, changing the pad gets to be almost a daily chore.
On top of that, the terrycloth just doesn't clean well, even with those special baby-stain removers and even with Shout!
It's much easier (and less costly and less stressful and less time consuming) to use the bare changing pad and simply wipe down any messes with diaper wipes or with a gentle cleanser.
These are not the most durable covers made.
So, we bought cradle size lap pads and keep one over the cover.
It works wonderfully and is easy to pick up and put in the hamper if it gets dirty.
Plus, they are cheaper.
So, we have the nice clean look of a white cover and put the lap pad over top of it.
Works greatWhy didn't they make these covers with slits in the side for the safety straps the changing pads have?
We use these covers as cover ups only, when guests are coming and we want the changing pad to look new and pretty.Just change your baby on the uncovered vinyl pad itself, so that you can use the safety straps and can also clean the changing pad with antiseptic or other wipes after messy changes or when your baby boy wets all over it.Or, put a coordinating flannel blanket, folded in quarters, down on the pad for baby's head and shoulders to rest on if you think the pad's vinyl is too cold for middle-of-the night changes.
infact, get at least 2keeps baby's skin warm, rather than putting them directly on the cold changing pad surface.
i have washed it several times, and it handles well in the washer/dryerI have two of these changing pad covers and used them both for a year with my first child.
I stitched them back up, but it looks kind of cruddy and the material continues to unravel in new places.
I agree with one of the other comments regarding a slit for the safety strap...one is not present.
Finally, I used it with the changing pad by "Especially for Baby" and the fit was a bit too tight which resulted in the pad curving a bit over time.For a few more dollars, I would strongly recommend looking at Pottery Barn Kids' chamois pad covers.
), have the safety strap slits and fit the changing pad perfectlyI registered for this item because it goes with the changing pad that I chose.
I can't believe that this cover is made by the same manufacturer as the pad!
It doesn't fit well.
We will look for another option, but until we find one, this cover is not the answerI can't believe how much this shrunk once it was washed!
You would think the makers of this would know that every item that is going to touch a baby is going to be washed.
Therefore, have the material be pre-shrunk before marketing itWe have two of these that we rotate and they work just fine for us.
We also have the contoured changing pad by Simmons.
True, they do seem a little small straight out of the dryer (the cover stretches straight across the top of the pad), but after one changing our baby's weight shapes it right into place.
It washes well and remains softI bought this cover because it was the only brand offered at Babies R Us.
I have since bought a Carter's cover and am much happierThese changing pad covers are of poor quality and have not held up very well to washings.
In addition, the covers do not fit the changing pad very well and pull up at the sides.
Unfortunatly there does not seem to be any other choices so I still use the covers, but I also lay a waterproof multi-use pad over the top.
This way I just change the multi-use pad and I don't have to wash the changing pad cover very oftenThis changing pad cover works great on the Especially for Baby Contour Changing Pad.
I have one in white and one in green (the green matches my Malawi bedding really well.)
I did have to stretch them a bit to get them on, but once in place they fit perfectly.
I also use small changing pads so that I don't have to change and wash the cover that often.
I like that I can put my baby on something soft and warm instead of the cold plastic pad.
I definitely recommend getting theseThese covers work great, but you need a couple.
They are a very inexpensive way of adding color to baby's room.
We have the My Little Snoopy bedroom set, which is mostly blue, but when our daughter was born we bought one of these covers in pink.
It adds a nice girl touch to her roomThis terry cloth cover has been a lifesaver.
It covers the cold vynil of my changing pad.
It has caught numerous undiapered poops and pees and went right into the wash without having to wipe a thing up.
That was my favorite quality of it.I have two of these so that when one is in the wash the other is on the changing pad.
The only beef that I have with it is that after the first wash, one of the Terry covers ripped at the seam.
Thats ok though, it was fixed quickly with a few stitches.
No matter what it was a GREAT BUYI am all about ease of clean, and this cover while very easy to clean it is not optimal to place it in the drier (even on low).
With each washing it got smaller and smaller and it made the contour of the pad malform a bit at the corners.
My suggestion, don't put it in the drier and it stays perfect (learned with the 2nd one we boughtThese covers are very comfy and the fit is pretty decent (in my opinion).
I found out pretty early on that it's easier to just change my son on the uncovered changing pad because he is constantly spitting up, urinating and pooping on the pad.
I was having to wash the covers every day!
Why only 4 stars?
For a few bucks more, you can get one with lights the flash when your baby is cryingNot too happy with this monitor.
We thought about replacing it early on but it was ok enough to just deal with the static.
My husband became the master of turning it down just enough to tolerate the sounds but hear the baby when he cried.
I am very glad we did.
This is almost a MUST have for babies.The range is fantastic.
I can be outside watching my two year old while my baby sleeps.
Not only is the range great but it also picks up the smallest sounds, I hear my baby rolling over in her crib when this is on.
As an added bonus, I have not found this to be a battery eater.In my opinion having a moniter is not the most important thing to have if you are having a baby.
However, it is one of the more useful things if you want to have some measure of freedom while the baby is napping or if your child sleeps clear across the house from where you sleepThis is a great product for anyone living in America or overseas like we are.
Our apartment is made with solid concrete and I am able to hear the monitor all the way in the front of the house.
We have an older child that likes to play loudly so we put the baby in the back bedroom and I am able to hear when she wakes up.
The transmitter is downstairs in the baby's room and the parent receiver is upstairs in the kitchen.
No, the sound quality is not perfect but it is great for the price.
I found this one by accident.
Since we have had it has worked perfectly.
I can even hear my husband doing baby talk when he forgets the monitor is on lol.
I am very glad I found an affordable option that works perfectly for usFor the price, in a small home, it worked well.
But who knows whether the manufacturer has updated the technology or just modernized the housing....Anyway, we already had the Sony Baby Call 27 channel monitor, but since this was free, we got it to take with us on trips or when we're going to a friend's house for the evening and taking our Pack N Play -- that way, we wouldn't have to unplug and pack our Sony all the time.What's good about this monitor:- Both the transmitter and the receiver can run on AC outlet power OR on a 9-volt battery.
This is great if you need to put them somewhere that doesn't have easy outlet access.
In contrast, the Sony receiver is portable but the transmitter operates on AC power only.- The receiver is compact and has a belt clip.What's not so good:- The sound is not nearly as clear as our Sony.
Listening to it makes me think of what my grandmother says about her hearing aid -- it amplifies all the noises equally, so when there's a good bit of noise in the baby's room (i.e., music playing and heat running), you hear a lot of noise through the monitor.
Frankly, since the Sony 27-channel model has a rechargeable battery, you'll probably make up the cost difference over timeWe've been through three of these.
One worked very well.The first one we got didn't work at all.
But, we sent it back and exchanged it for a new one.
The new worked great.
But, the one that did work, we really like.
Poor quality control.As far as the one that did work, here are some more details about why I liked it.We've tried a few monitors.
For us, static is the most important issue.
We use the baby monitors primarily at night, so that we can hear if the kids wake up in the middle of the night.
If the monitors have a lot of static it keeps US from getting to sleep.The next most important issue is unnecessary beeping.
This always wakes us up.
This can happen a dozen or more times each night.
No good.
It even picks up the sound of the a/c unit.
I can remain sitting in the chair that's 12 feet away from the unit, nursing the baby and ask my sons in the living room, where the parent unit is located, to bring me a glass a water.
I love that the parent unit can be used without batteriesIf you want a monitor that's super sensitive, get this one.
I'm not kidding, the way we know when we've got it to the correct volume is when we can hear the clock ticking.
I would buy another any dayWe've had this monitor about a year now and it works wonderfully!
It's a great relief getting this one as a second monitor after our old Fisher Price Sounds and Lights monitor has had us tearing our hair out for the past three years... what a piece of junk!
This monitor works well, with no static.
It does the job though.
I was skeptical at first because it was free, but once we got it home it worked great!
Minimal static, no interference that I've experienced.
UNLESS YOU WANT TO SPEND ALOT OF $..BUT THIS HAS 2 CHANNELS TO CHOOSE FROM..
SO JUST SWITCH IT..THAT SIMPLE..I HAVE HAD IT ON FOR LAST FEW DAYS AND WORKS PERFECT..VERY SENSITIVE, AND ALMOST NO HISSING OR BUZZING AT ALL.. AND DOESNT NEED TO BE TURNED UP VERY LOUD..JUST SET IT RIGHT NEXT TO THE CRIB ON A TABLE....VERY HAPPY WITH ITEvery baby monitor on the market seems to start at $50 and most cost around $100+.
I purchased a fisher price baby monitor from amazon before this one and the unit died on me after 2 months of use!
We borrowed a friends who had only used theirs for a month and that one died too!
Wow what a difference!
We shouldn't have been fooled by the price in the first place!
This monitor has been used for 4 months and it's still kicking.
Here's some PROs/CONs:PROs:1.
After 4 months of constant use this monitor shows no sign of dying.2.
This is the first monitor we've had that doesn't pick up cell phone static!3.
We hear our baby clearly and the base unit is 5ft away from the crib and next to our white noise machine.5.
Even though you are limited to 2 channels we have never picked up any conversations or other baby monitors.CONs:1.
They recommended that the unit be plugged in at all times for optimal use.
This means you can't walk around with the monitor.
We just don't use it that way because we keep the monitor in one place in the house.2.
You only have one hand unit.
You can only use 2 channels.
I put this under both pro's and con's because while it's not an issue for us, it may be for other consumers.Bottom line is, I would buy this monitor again in a heart beat and wish I had purchased it in the first place.
this monitor does the jobIt works well enough and I love that it has an outlet plug so that I don't have to run it on batteries but the sound quality is terrible, lots of static!
I honestly dont recommend this item, buy something nicer, it'll be worth it for your sanity and peace of mindI was given this as a gift and LOVE it!
There is NO static at all and I can even hear my baby breathing!
You can tell in the quality of the construction.
I had originally bought one and it worked very well.
If you only need one it will probably work great for you.
It does its job, but with quite some statics in the background.
Unlike the others, I didn't think it was that clear.
Yes, you can hear the baby breathe but there is also a static sound like air rushing through.
Also, our batteries have lasted an average of 3 - 5 days.
After going through 6 of them, we started using the plug full time.
It has Crystal clear sound just as stated and works REALLY WELL in my 2700 sqft home.
Love this monitor and wished I had bought it soonerThey are cheap; therefore the quality is not so good.
I bought them as a backup for my parent's house and it serves its purpose, but the overall look and feel is not nice, they are big in size.
There is background noise in the receiver.
Very buzzy with static!
I would not recommend it.
My grand daughter is now 11 months old and I watch her during the day while her parents are at work.
During the day she takes two naps.
She always wakes happy but before the monitor I did not hear her until she cried.
we get strong reception throughout our 3 level house with ceramic tile floors and thick walls.
i have no need for a super fancy monitor -- i just want to know if the baby is asleep or awake and needs tending to.
It certainly isn't "crystal clear."
Often times I will wake up to another family waking up.
How awkwardI got this moniter for free after purchasing a playyard from Babies R Us..
I had my reservations (it was free??
), and read several bad reviews, but when my son came home and I set it up, I was impressed!I've had absolutely no problems with static and I can go anywhere in my home or yard and can still clearly hear my baby breathing and the quiet television in the background.I was thrilled that it turned out great... and it was freeI owned one of these 5 years ago and it worked reasonably well, so got another one this time around (previous one was given to my SIL).
We've had trouble finding an outlet we can use that doesn't have other major interference (like if the alarm clock or toaster is on the same circuit).
Plus, for some reason we're picking up another kid and their family that is no where around us (no babies within 2 houses in any direction).
I love it.
Our other monitor always interfered with our wifi and had lots of static.
This is crystal clearThis monitor is your basic monitor.
It does all the things that any normal monitor would do.
No frills.
I use it as a stationary monitor in the bedroom.
It's crystal clear and is a great buy, if youre looking for an inexpensive monitorI'm so grateful for this monitor.
The price was just right and it's just the item I need to quickly get to my baby when she awakes from naps, etc.
I just needed something basic to use and that is what I got.
If you are looking for somehting with no static - get another productWe bought this because my 2 year old lost the cord to our old monitor.
It does have some occasional interference, but you just move it a little or switch the channel & it is fine.
It is a cheap, simple monitor that works well.
It fit our budget & our needs and I have been happy with itI had to return this item because it didn't work right from the start.
I really wanted it to work too- it had all the features that I needed and I loved the price.
Even though it's not THE GREATEST, it works great for being under $20This baby monitor has amazed me.
I didn't have high expectations.Well, since then, grandma ended up moving into a 4900 sq ft house, and baby and I lived with her for a month.
I used this monitor every night and it never went out of range even in a house that big (at that point my daughter wouldn't sleep without music on, so I knew since I could still clearly hear her lullaby CD that it was working just fine).After that, I moved into my current 2600 sq ft home, and this monitor has performed beautifully.
It has been sat on, dropped on concrete, rained on- and this morning I even dropped it in a puddle while taking photos in my backyard!
As I pulled grass out of the AV port, it was still fully functioning!
We switched to glass shortly after the news broke.The Evenflo glass bottles are certainly a great buy -- the price is fantastic!
I wasn't wild about the rubber nipples that came with the bottles, but I just pitched them and used the nipples we'd been using.
(Just about any standard-size, as opposed to wide, nipple will fit these bottles.)
I also feel like glass just gets "cleaner" than plastic ... that's probably not true, but the glass doesn't get scratched and cloudy like plastic, so the bottles seem more pristine to me!Of course, the best part about glass bottles is that glass is inert.
We almost never used the larger bottles, because when filled, they just weighed a ton.
whoops!
But when our next baby is born and I'm pumping at work, we will DEFINITELY be storing the milk in my glass Evenflo bottlesno plastic-leaching worries from these bottles due to potential dangers of #7 plastic bottles that most plastic baby bottles are made of.
i was also surprised at how affordable they were.
the item was shipped quickly.
Going to the baby store and shopping for baby bottles as a new parent was daunting.
How do you choose?
For us, it became simple when we decided to stick to glass bottles.
There aren't many choices out there in glass, and those that are available are usually very expensive.
These are more or less the time tested glass baby bottle.
Basic and no frills, but solid and sturdy.
Glass bottles are fantastic- they're the absolute best for preserving your milk, easy to boil and sanitize, great price, and they can go in the dishwasher.
I would definitely have directly bottle fed my daughter with these, but she absolutely refused any bottle, that didn't look and feel more like mama.
Also, if you've ever had coca cola in a glass bottle versus coca cola in a plastic bottle, you can definitely appreciate how glass preserves the flavor- ijsThese little bottles are surprisingly strong and light weight for what they are, which is a glass bottle.
While they can shatter, it takes a lot to get them there thanks to their compact build.
On top of that, you don't need to worry about BPA.The only problem with these bottles is that they have to be screwed down just right to allow airflow into the bottle and prevent baby from gulping air.
It's absolutely perfect for these little bottlesWe used Avent with our first child, and had that for our daughter too.
However, she had a lot of issues with gas so we tried different bottles.
She uses a medium flow nipple at 10 months, and she hardly has gas issues anymore.
That being said, if you can check out local stores as they were half the price of what they are here on Amazon.
I love you Amazon, but your prices are getting steep.There has been one bottle that got a crack in it, but I even dropped a bottle on to our concrete floor and it did not break.
My daughter was used to the Dr. Brown's bottles and could not get used to this classic bottle.
She got so much air when she sucked on the bottle, we could not use itWe love these small glass bottles.
They are thick glass so we haven't had any problems with breakage.
They also hold up great in the dishwasher.
The smaller size is also more comfortable when feeding the baby.
The nipples and rings work well, no leaking.
It's nice not to have to worry about chemicals with these old school glass bottlesWe didn't want The Boy drinking his milk out of any leechy, plastic-y material so we bought these.
The size is right and they feel strong and secure.
These are not the type of glass bottles that will break when your baby squeezes their little hands around the bottle.
Those are not the kind of glass bottles you would want to buy.Lucky for you, this is not that kind of glass bottle.
You'll be happy you got these and so will your babyI am usually against things made of plastic, even though those without BPA.
So I choose these bottles for my baby and so far so good.
The only downside is that the slow-flow nipples flow too fast for him and he chokes on them.
I take them out of fridge and put under hot water and so far (3 months of use) no cracksThese are great bottles.
I used them from day one until 6 months old.
The only reason I don't use them anymore is my daughter is interested in holding her own bottle sometimes now and plastic is easier for her to hang onto because it's lighter.
I love the glass bottles though because they keep the milk cool longer, important when pumping at work and using one of those little coolers.
They're very sturdy - I've dropped them several times and they haven't cracked or chipped.
These come with nipples and the covers.
I highly recommend theseREALLY FAST FLOW.
It chokes the baby.
Please dont use it with newborns as its too much flow and air and it creates colicsI purchased these bottles for our new baby.
I like how durable and easy to sterilize they are also replacement nipples are very affordable also.
I like the idea that because the bottles are glass we will be able to use them for future children with the minimal cost of nipple replacement.
I am happy with how sturdy they are and have no fear of breaking the glass at allI had trouble getting my breastfed baby to take an Avent bottle (which my first took beautifully) so I called the lactation consultants at the hospital to ask their advice.
They worked great.
It works though so I will stick with themThe bottles are nice but as it is warned in the product, the temperature difference along the cleaning process can make the bottle to brake down.
It is true that I have not been careful enough, waiting for the necessary amount of time for the bottle to cool off before filling it with with cold milk.
Although, I still use the playtex drop ins once in a while, when I'm giving my baby water or we're on the go, because its convenient.
Anyway, back to the point, these bottles have been great!
These however, are very easy to clean and SMELL clean!
I didn't like the nipples it came with, so I bought NUK regular nipples to go with them, it fit perfect and my son liked it !
Sturdy bottles, bottle nipples work well tooI like that these are glass bottles, but the nipple that is included is way too small.
My son's mouth fits completely over it, and he still has a shallow latch.
He's only 10 weeks old!
I decided to keep the bottles and use them for storage.
Also, Target sells this pack for $5I don't know why people are still buying plastic bottles for tiny babies, it's not like they are going to hold the bottle, they are too young!
Do yourself, your baby, and the environment a favor and use glass bottles for as long as possibleI bought these at Target for my 9 month old.
I know it's super easy to buy plastic bottles, toys, cups, even some lotions have plastic in them.
I've read some literature on plastics, and it seems like no one really knows for sure if any of them are 100% safe.
I just didn't want everything in her life to be wrapped in plastic.These bottles are great.
I paid $9 for 3 bottles and 3 fast nipples.
The liners I usually have to buy every month and dispose of are $8!
They clean up nicely in the dishwasher, and I just bought a large glass "milk" bottle for mixing and keeping extra formula in.They're solid bottles, heavier than her plastic ones.
I wondered if she'd be able to hold it, but she did!
Great purchase for an older baby, I'm not sure how a newborn would do with the feeding in a vacuum, especially if breastfeeding...but we didn't go that route, so I can't say.Oh, and no leaks for us so farI was very happy to find these, and at such a good price, after looking for glass bottles at several retail stores.
I have not had any issues with these bottles.
I have not tried the nipples that came with them, as I was given specific nipples to use that mimic natural.
The outer ring and bottle work with all of the nipples I have.
Great productI knew even before I was pregnant that I wanted to use glass bottles- I don't believe that BPA-free means "safe," so I wanted to use something I could trust.
These bottles are great (they come in two sizes; this review is for the larger, 8oz size).
They are easy to clean and not too heavy, but still strong enough to freeze/thaw multiple times.
My daughter was able to hold them herself (of course we hover while she does that) and drink a bit when she was just a few months old, so they are not these huge and bulky bottles.
Good quality and better safetyThese are ok, thick glass so thats great but its so hard to read the side.
Problem solved with glass.
So I pump into the plastic so I can easily see a measurement then I transfer it into hereThese bottles are super good quality.
I recently switched to them and it's so nice to be able to leave my baby's water in the car and not have it get plastic in it from the bottle.
My baby loves these bottles.
I bought some nipples for older babies but didn't have to use them because she likes the ones that came with these bottles even though she's 20 months old.
I just use them for water (I don't like sippy cups).
Bisphenol-A chemical free, unlike most plastic bottles.
My son refused to drink from the latex nipple, so I purchased some replacement silicone nipples from Target for about $3.
Glass bottles are hard to find in stores, so this is a great Amazon findI like these bottles mostly because they are glass.
However, comparing to highier quality glass bottles like lifefactory these break so easilyThese are a great price when you compare them to others online or at the store.
I think amazon sells the discs separately but you should still buy the 6 pack instead of the 3 pack.
Definitely not worth it and once I opened them to see if they contained the disc, I couldn't return themDon't plan to carry these around in a bag, because they leak.
Also, it's very hard to get the top off of the part that screws on and holds the nipple, it keeps getting stuck and you have to pry it outThese bottles are great, and I had a hard time finding them in stores around me.
I like that they are glass (BPA free), easy to clean and very affordableI use a ghetto-rigged method to allow me to pump hands-free without shelling out the $$$ for a hands-free bra...
I loop pony tail holders over my bra straps and then around the horns of my pump.
They might be OK with a real hands-free bra... maybe one of these days I will buy one and see.
They will un-stick after 24 hours - so if you use these to store milk, you will need to use that milk after 24 hours.So these bottles are ok as far as functionality - the nipples work OK for our babies and they are cheap, sturdy, not easy to break - but I prefer the plastic ones (Evenflo and Gerber both make a BPA free plastic version very similar to this)We got these with silicon nipples, not latex - they are available!
It's a boring looking skinny nipple but seems to be my babies' favorite - we tried some pricier bottles as well as different nipples for these, but the nipples these came with work best for usConcerned about the chemicals in plastic bottles?
I was thrilled to find that Amazon had these glass ones in stock.
A great buyNone of my kids use bottles anymore, but when they did I went through so many brands and types of bottles trying to find one that I liked.
My final choice was to settle on these glass bottles.
Not a problem with glass bottlesThese are simple glass baby bottles.
They're not fancy, but they have no nasty chemicals.
I know that the plastic bottles are now all BPA free, but who knows what chemical they'll discover next year that's been leeching out of our plastic and poisoning us all this time.These bottles are compatible with my medela pump and can take the same lids, which is convenient.
However, for a breast-fed baby, even these so-called slow flow nipples are way too fast, and caused my baby to choke.
I bought Dr. Brown's nipples, which work great.
These aren't fancy and are a great price.
Our daughter however did not like these as much as the Playtex drop ins.
She would have to stop drinking and we would have to wait for all of the air to flow back in before she could continue.
Maybe we just had faulty nipples.
I'm not sure.
I would be willing to give them another try though with our next childThese bottles have been perfect for us.
We started bottle-feeding out of necessity when our baby was only 6 weeks old, and these bottles have worked perfectly.
They're BPA free, which means we don't have to worry about heating them.
We haven't had any trouble with the nipples, and we're currently using the Stage 2 (3-6 months) size.We love these bottles and their classic design.
And the price is great (BPA-Free plastic bottles often cost $12 each).
These bottles represent the "old standard" so only the vented "original NUK" and Evenflo nipples will fit and presumably work well without collapsing.
seems to involve wide mouth bottles and thus nipples with larger diameter rings.
The difference, if you compare the older versus newer style nipples side by side should be fairly obvious.
Some websites will indicate that the nipples themselves are dishwasher safe.
I got the Sealy Superpedic Firm mattress and the cover fits perfectly.
Quilting gives extra comfort and it's thick and waterproofThis mattress pad is soft, but not too cushiony.
The pad has protected our mattress from many a baby attackI recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition.
I have about 4 of them and they are essential.
I use John Lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with an quilted absorbing pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
It's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourselfI use this pad in my sons crib on top of his sheets to prevent the sheets from getting stained/soiled too soon.
I also use it as a changing pad as well.
This pad is so easy to put on and take off the mattress.
It washes up easily, and does NOT shrink!
It's soft and durable, and it has NEVER leaked!
Oh, and compared to many mattress pads that cost up to $19.99 each- this pad is a super deal!I was so pleased with this product that I'd buy it all over again- and I will.
GrrrrrrI like this mattress pad cover b/c it's much easier to put on than the Evenflo one I have.
My Evenflo one you have to tug, pull, and stetch to get it on and even then it's not on perfect, a real pain.
My 5 month old daughter's diaper has leaked a couple of times overnight and the mattress stayed dry, that's all I needMy son used his "Kid-Ding fitted mattress cover" for over a year.
This company Kid-Ding makes TWO different mattress covers that look almost identical if you don't read between the lines!
I tried to make the best of that one, but it was AWFUL!
This one is a fitted mattress cover by the same company and is just PERFECT!
Wraps around the crib mattress flawlessly and doesn't move an inch!
I have since bought another one!
They're great and reversible.
I machine wash mine and air dry -- DO NOT put it in the dryerMy mattress is water proof plus I do not use it to change diapers.
THEY PROTECT THE SHEETS FROM OVERNIGHT ACCIDENTS.
MY SON IS IN CLOTH DIAPERS AND SOMETIMES HE WAKES UP WET (NOT SO OFTEN NOW THAT WE FIGURED IT OUT:)) AND NEVER ONCE HAS IT LEAKED THROUGH THIS PAD.
IT HOLDS UP GOOD IN THE WASH AND IS DRYER SAFE.
It fits well.
Other than that, it's just what I was looking forAfter 1.5 years this is still in great shape!
I only bought one and it has lasted through tons of washes!
Don't go with the costly ones with this one works greatI have an average sized mattress and this fits perfectly!
It is super easy to install!
If it &quot;bunches up&quot; like some others suggest, it is because it isn't put on the mattress correctly.
Just because it collects lint balls doesn't make it any less durable in my honest opinion.I recommend at least two of theseThey don't hold up great in the wash, but it is no big deal since they are used under the sheet anyway.
sometimes, but I was on maternity leave so I didn't really mind the work cause bottle were occasional and I could always switch to BF if I needed to.
But at 14.5 weeks I had to go back to work and there is nothing worse than A)leaving your baby to go back to work and B)being told that he won't take the bottle so that your normally happy baby is crying and fussy all day long.I was using the nipple that came with the drop-ins and it's very round and the tip seems harder and rounded too.
Not exactly like the shape I am when he's breastfeeding.
I had seen these in Babies R Us and didn't get them because it said medium flow.
I read the reviews which lead me to believe you shouldn't trust the flow speed when comparing the two nipples so I decided to go get these.
The next day my caregiver text me and it said "I love these nipples!"
He took them right away, she said it was 100% difference and now he eats when I'm away.If you use this system and baby doesn't like it very much switch to these nipples and see if it helps.
I feel they are closer to a real breastfeeding experience and these should come with the bottlesthese are the only nipples my baby will take, besides mommy's.
Hard to find theseMy son was nursed until 12 months.
He didn't really take a bottle well until he was weaned.
Now this is the only nipple he willingly usesFinding the right Playtex nipples has been like a Goldilocks and the Three Bears experience for me.
The latex Playtex slow flow NaturaLatch nipples that we got with our bottles were way too fast.
My nearly 3 month old baby chokes because the milk flows so fast.
When super hungry he can chug a 4 1/2 oz bottle in 5 minutes with the slow flow latex version.
So I tried these silicone NaturaLatch slow flows and they are way too slow.
My baby gets frustrated with how slow these nipples flow.
Since these slow flow silicone nipples were too slow, I tried the medium flow version and it was way too fast.Strangely enough I found that the Playtex Orthodontic Latex medium flow is the perfect flow speed, but the flat shape of the nipple "neck"/base makes it difficult to funnel the last of the milk into the nipple.
They are no different from ordinary nipples that cost 50% less and my LO still hated them!
We tried over 8 different nipples and bottle types.
I believe most of it was my prayers asking the Lord to please help this baby take the bottle, but the nipple is the only one that he would take to!
Also, amazon is one of the only places I've found that you can actually purchase this nipple!
They are no where to be found in the stores so I was happy to find them here on Amazonwe tried these nipples after using the Nuk orthodontic latex nipples because we needed to step up the flow and Nuk doesn't make their nipples in anything other than a slow flow (at least, i couldn't find them if they do).
however, my breastfed baby did not like them.
these nipples were a no-go.
it's too bad Nuk doesn't make a medium flow nipple, but these definitely were not a good alternativeMy baby says they feel just like the real deal.
He enjoys them almost as much as the real ones.
He would definitely recommend them.
They have great flow that doesnt leak yet the baby doesnt collapse the nipple from extreme sucklingExtend the life of your Avent's product.Now, I can continue to use all the Avent bottlesUsed it for more than 4 months and still as good as new.
The quality is really good.Got it together with thishttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00433OQO6/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00433OQO6&linkCode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20Bought this for my little baby, who seems to like it much.
Very good quality material.
Can't recommend this nipple enoughI use these Avent nipples with Avent bottles.
I just wish they were a little cheaper since you have to buy so many of them in such quick successionI really like Avent's versatility; the nipples, spouts, cups, bottles and handles can all be used interchangeably.I don't like the way they classify their nipples.
Each nipple has 3 classifications.
flow2.)
baby's age3.)
a numberAlso, the title of the item doesn't say what age or number of nipple this is, and there currently isn't a description.FYI:They are number 3 for 3+ monthsI love the ease of the avent bottles for feeding, cleaning, transporting.....everything.
I bought all the sizes I will need in the future.
Also, these nipples fit in the avent trainer sippy cups.
This is great for my little one since he didn't understand how to use the spout on the one that came with the cupTHis Phillips AVENT BPA free Classic Newborn Flow Nipple, 2 pack works exactly as advertised.
Even though this is a slow flow nipple my 3 month old baby did and still at 4 months does struggle with it on occasion for being too fast.
They are sturdy, none have broken or ripped.When you're ordering it can be a little confusing which size you are getting be sure to look at the size chart they provide to be sure you are getting the size you wantI purchased these for my baby girl I have used the other AVENT nipples for younger babies with no issues.
Great product, no issuesLos productos avent son los mejores para darles biberon a los bebes, son de muy buena calidad y excelente precio, siempre recomiendo esta marcaLove the flow of milk for my daughter but these do leak if not upright.
Both my kids liked these nipplesThese nipples lasted about 6 months before the rubber started to rip.
But despite the need to periodically replace them, they are a good nipple and I haven't had any other issues with themAny bottle nipple, no matter the hole size, is going to be too fast for a breastfed baby - even this one at first.
BOTTLE NIPPLES give baby CONSTANT FLOW, whether they're sucking or not.
You start out fast - just as your baby does when they first latch on - to allow for the milk let-down.
The MAM bottles work as intended, but are unnecessarily troublesome.
When it came time to send my baby to day care for my return to work, I discovered just how frustrating the MAM bottles are.
First of all, you have to make sure the bottom is screwed on **REALLY** tight, otherwise the water used to heat will mix with the contents of the bottle.
An extra ring is nothing compared to the base parts of the MAM bottles.
Popping the lid on and off the Avent bottles is also another easy thing compared to MAM.
When you're juggling a crying baby and a bottle at once, it's not convenient to have to use a counter edge to pop off a bottle's lid, but it's something I've had to resort to, unfortunately.
Our daughter now uses both.
Yes, he drinks really really fast by using size 3, but he dripped three times more than when he's using size 2 nipples.
So I switched back to size 2 for now.
Don't get me wrong, I like Avent nipples and I'm sure size 3 will work just as well as size 2 in the future, but perhaps it shouldn't be labeled as 3 moI have a 4.5 month old and these newborn nipples are too fast for my breastfed baby.
Since this is the slowest flow Avent offers, Ive had to look for new bottles.
One of the infants lives in our household and I can state that Avent is at the top of my list when it comes to bottles and nipples.
I love AventI used the Phillips bottles when my son was still drinking from bottles and bought some of these extra nipples as the others eventually wore outMy baby likes these nipples, and they actually work better than the Newborn nipples.
My baby always gags and gets too much from the newborn size, but she has no problems at all with theseThis is quite ingenious!
I don't know if any other manufacturers have them, but they are such a great idea.
Around the side are the marks I,II and III.
You line up the marks with the baby's nose and that dictates how fast the flow of milk is.
This teat allows a thicker liquid to flow through so you can add rice or another cereal of your choice if you need to.
My baby is in the 90th percentile and at 8 weeks old Milk just wasn't enough.
It is a much thicker liquid but flowed through this teat easily.
My newborn baby was swallowing the formula very fast when I used the 3 months size so I ordered this one.
It is just perfect.Love itHave used this product with last baby I had and its always been effective and never any issues of any kindThese nipples worked great at first but about 2 weeks before we were to switch to the next size my grandson started to collapse them and he got a blister on his top lip from sucking so vigorous.
Basically, I think the four holes make the top of the nipple weaker, and it leads to it splitting wide open.
Our kids's ability to *really* eat, and the fact that he has some teeth coming in, are probably contributing factors, but some of these nipples have lasted only a few weeks which leads me to believe it's an issue with the design.We're going to stick with this size, since our baby was getting frustrated with the slowness of the three-hole version, but will have to keep a close eye on the nipples to make sure they're not breaking and giving him too much milk at once.
Also, rather than sticking them on the on the little posts in the dishwasher, I started putting them on the bottom of the top rack, in hopes that will make them last longer.Avent nipples are made in EnglandThese are the BEST nipples I have ever used!
I call them dial a nipple!
You line the number, you want to use, up with the babies nose and it's smooth sailing!
1 is for slow flow, 2 is a faster flow and 3 is for cereals or thicker liquids.
These are also a lot thicker than normal nipples, they are of a higher quality but they only fit avent bottlesMy granddaughter is eating baby food now, but for the more runny foods, I find it much easier to mix the food with formula & give it to her in a bottle.
I also mix cereal and feed it this way, especially first thing in the morning, when she is impatient to eat.
It ended up flowing either too fast or not fast enough.
This nipple works great, because as she is nursing, I can simply turn the bottle to the best spot for the perfect flow.
What a great idea!
Happy baby makes Grandma happyAfter trying a few bottles, I went to avent and never went back.
The nipples are great.
I used them with both my sonsThese are very durable nipples.
The Slow flow is a good flow for babies that are both bottle fed and breast fed.
These nipples fit the original Avent bottles not the newer Avent Natural Flow bottles.
These were good for a few weeks until we inadvertently bought the new Avent Natural Flow bottles.
Since we were stuck with our purchase, we tried it and now our baby wouldn't go back to theseWe were looking to replace our worn out nipples and these were the exact same ones that came with the original bottlesNew parent here.
These do not work with our Avent bottles.
Who knew there were slightly different sized nipples.
Annoying.
Have to return and replaceWe started with number 1 nipple until my daughter was about 2 or 3 months, then switched to number 2 nipple, which she used until 5 or 6 months.
It worked great.
Love it!
These bottles work great for my baby and her gas and colic issuesOur baby is over 6 months and we still use these nipples.
This slow flow nipple helps her work at getting the milk similar to when she's nursingSo I do really like our Avent Classic Bottles, even with the 5 parts and the occasional leak.
I recently bought the Medium Flow Nipples, since our baby is 3 1/2 months.
I think these will be great in another month, and are too fast for the moment.
Do well in dishwasher in a kid container / rack that we got from TargetThese nipples are well made and do exactly what they should.
Avent is a stellar brand that I have purchased time and time againTHEY ARE I WAS I SPECTED, GOOD QUALITY, GOOD PRESENTATION, PERFEECT PRICE, GOOD FOR CHILD AND GOOD FOR BABIES FROM 9 MONTHSI've tried a few different bottles for feeding my children who are also breast fed.Avent seems to work the best for me.The low flow means that baby still loves to feed &#34;direct from the source&#34; but is shaped in a way that there doesn't seem to be any nipple confusion.They clean very easily.
It did come fast and do the job.
The replacements seem to be holding up better than the originalsThe avent nipples are our babies favorite, 6 months flows really fast, the 3 month (3hole) is what we still use at her 6 months.
They work great and are very reasonable.
Love AventWe started out with the Size 1 AVENT nipple and then when our son was around two months we switched to size 2 and once he got to be around 3.5 we moved him to size 3.
It definitely has a faster flow than size 2 and he is able to take his bottle a lot faster.
I don't plan to move up to a size 4, I'll just stick with the size 3 until he is weaned.
Our son is exclusively formula fedI like the avent nipples because they don't deform like the medela ones.
I haven't tried many nipples since he seemed to do fine on these.
These are the newborn flow ones and although they are the slowest, it's still not slow enough.
I bought these to put into some "2" nipples I had since I got a set of these avent bottlesEven for my 1-month old the flow is too fast for her.
To be fair, other brands we've tried are still to fast for her.
Might just be my baby is a particularly slow eater.
We need to stop and go with her otherwise she spills all over herself or chokesWe introduced a bottle to my son when he was 3 weeks old.
This is the first and only bottle he has tried.
Since he is breastfed, I am still using the #1 flow nipple in order for a slower flow.
He has no issues drinking from it even stillThis nipple works great for both my babies.
No problems latching (on either) going back and forth from breast to bottleMY LITTLE BABY LOVES THIS NIPPLES....I EXPEND TWO MONTHS BUYING DIFFERENT KIND OF NIPPLES AND BOTTLES AND FINALLY!
!I FOUND THE PERFECT BOTTLE AND PERFECT NIPPLEThese bottle nipples work as intended.
fast flow, etc), so we had to keep using this kind for several months.
It's jut the result of normal &#8220;&#34;wear an tear&#8221;.
Just be mindful of itThese nipples work great with all of the avent bottles I own.
New to being a parent it is great to be able to change out the nipples when a new flow is needed or the nipples are wore out rather than having to buy new bottlesworks well, felt like the baby was fighting with getting enough milk fast enough.
Put these on and now she can keep upThese nipples are FANTASTIC!
I haven't seen them in stores and I was a little hesitant to buy but the good reviews were hard to resist.
LOVE IT!
Formula allows for a thicker mixture.2) If your baby can't handle the flow of the liquid, don't blame the nipple or the bottle.
Blame the thickness of the mixture.
Add more rice to thicken to slow down the flow.
Have I had this happen to me?
Yes.
Have I fixed it?
Yes.
).If it STILL leaks, then I suggest you need to replace the nipple and/or a new bottle screw ring.Great thing I just found was these bottles?Philips AVENT 9 Ounce BPA Free Bottles, Pink, 3 PackThere is an extra valve ring to help seal.If any of my bottles leak, I follow the steps above.
I have used Avent bottles with my son (2) and my daughter (4 months).
You can convert the bottles to a sippy cup with ease.
LOVE THAT FEATURE!I don't use Avent bottles for "newborns" until like 1-2 months old (also I have established breastfeeding on both my children) so I can't speak to the size 1 flow nipple until that time period.
My baby sucks the milk out of bottle way too fast with these nipples.
Not sure if the nipple should be slower or if my baby has a super strong suck and is a voracious eater.
We tried so many different nipples and even tried to cut a bigger whole in other nipples and the flow was too fast.
I've used these on two of my babies and would recommend them to anyoneJust what I needed.
Shipped fast.
Buy it if you are looking for quality to your life; soft and easy to use itI purchased these because the regular nipples on my wide-neck Dr. Brown bottles have too fast of a flow for my 3 week old (side note: these fit the Dr. Brown's wide-neck bottles perfectly).
My son choked on the milk from his bottle when we used these because the milk was pouring into his mouth.
I see that some other reviewers with newborns have loved this nipple.
Philips AVENT Natural Glass Bottles.
Make sure you have the right bottle before you buy thisI added 1 tsp of cereal for each 1 oz of formula and my son was able to eat without any issues.
He normally uses the size 3 classic nipples.
The flow didn't seem to fast or too slow.
I'd definitely recommend theseWe like Avent brand nipples bc they are durable and not overly flexible.
My son is teething and these nipples hold up well amidst his chewing/gumming.
Nipples are not as flexible as other brands (Playtex for example) which helps against excess dripping when my son wolfs his formula down.
These do seem to be a slightly slower flow than other medium level nipples however.
We have &#34;up sized&#34; Avent nipples quicker than other brands.
These nipples also seem to work well w my son's reflux.
ours are so old they don't even indicate which newer Avent nipple is correct... so figured 'classic' ought to do it!!
I needed 8 and ended up getting a few more laterWe love Philips Avent bottles and nipples.
They are easy to use and easy to clean.
It was easy to switch my son from Dr. Browns to thisThis bottle nipple is great in quality and all, come on it is just that, good flow!
Philips avent medium flow for 6 months was such a big help, she start to drink fastI love all avent products,so easy and wonderful cant go wrong with them.They are just the best.Highly recommend to all mommy out thereI have been using the Nuby Feeding Set, the bottle with the Nuby set is what I have been using to feed my 5 month old who is currenlty eating 5 tubs a day of baby food.
Then I found these and since my son has being using the Avent Classic bottles since he was born I figured I would try it.
I'm so glad I did!
I tried other nipples from Avent but they wouldn't allow the baby food to flow out of the nipple and he would get frustrated easily.
These allow for the perfect flow, they have a I, II, III on the nipple which you can decide what flow works for best for your little one.
All you have to do is line up the I, II or III with the bridge of the babies nose so no need to reposition nipple by taking it out just simply turn the bottle (I did call the Avent help line to make sure I was doing this correctly).
These nipples are interchangable with the entire Avent Classic line so I just use a 9oz bottle and fill it with the tub of baby food and 2 to 4 ounces of formula and my baby is happy as can be.
I can't say enough about these nipples and the Avent line, wonderful productI have used Avent nipples for all 3 of my kids.
They are a great product at a great price on Amazon especially if you can get the free shippingThis is my son's favorite bottle because it's easier for him to hold.
Glad to buy the upgraded replacement nipples for his age range to be able to continue to use themI love Avent bottles & nipples!
They hold up over time & my son has had zero issues with them - no gas, no hesitation when transitioning from breast to bottle, nothingI like that I can just buy these and not have to also buy the bottles.
These were a good transition from the lowest flowFor our son as a newborn.
No problems with cleaning or melting in the dishwasher.
Avent products have done us well since our son was bornMy almost 4 month old baby loved this.
If your old nipples don't seem to have enough flow for your baby anymore, get a needle and make a few more holes into it.
If still not enough, make a few more OR make a couple with a hot needle.
That is all it takesPerfect for juices and nestum.
The variable flow really works.
Switching up to a level 3 has been great for him in terms of being able to take in more forumla.
Wish I had started using these earlier but all the nurses and doctors recommended using the Preemie nippleI am an exclusive bfing mom, so when it got close to time to go back to work I started working with baby to take his milk from a bottle.
I have always used the Avent brand.
The nipple is wide enough for baby as to hopefully prevent nipple confusion.
But when I tried giving my son a bottle he sucked a few seconds then started to cough.
I started to play with the nipple by pointing it sideways and I barely squeezed it and the milk came out quite effortlessly.
After waiting a few days I tried my son again on the bottle with the other nipple and the same problem arose the milk was just coming out too fast.
I ended having to use a different brand entirely.
Now though at almost four months my little guy taked this nipple like a champWe've been using Avent bottles/nipples since my daughter was born two years ago, and been very happy with the quality.
Their customer service is also fantasticMy son is breastfed and sometimes takes a bottle of pumped milk when i am away...the variable flow nipples seem to flow the same no matter which side you hold it on (I,II or III).
I have used the other nipples (1, 2,3) and the flow seems to be slower than the variable.
Milk just goes everywhere ....i think i will hold off on using the variable flow nipples until he is a bit older....great concept, they just didn't work as great as i thought they wouldMy husband installed these on every piece of furniture that could tip in our house.
They are easy enough to unhook when you need to move something, but they hold well.
They are easy to install and give me so much more peace of mind knowing that if my kiddo were to climb up the bookcase or his dresser- they are secured to the wall and couldn't fall and crush himWorks alright.
Bought some from ToysRus and had to return them because they didnt work, thats why i turned to amazon for these.
I'm sure if we had been installing one piece of furniture, moving it to the left or the right to attach two straps to the studs (or each shelf had been significantly wider) there wouldn't have been any problem, but for our setup it didn't work.
These looked like the best and sturdiest option while also remaining slightly flexible.
Once you had them screwed in place, they were difficult to adjust to make them tight.
In addition, they are bulky and white, making them very noticeable eyesores.
There are much less cumbersome safety straps out thereVery sturdy hardware, easy to use, everyone should have these.
I also like how I can easily adjust or unhook the straps if neededI bought these after my son yanked open a drawer on a 5 drawer dresser and it tipped and fell on him.
I was standing right there and was able to catch it and break the fall.
We strapped everything in the house to the walls and found these straps to be easy to use.
Its an added peace of mind having these in case I am ever not there to catch a falling dresser.
Buy them, use them, prevent serious injuryThese straps come with easy to follow instructions.
They are durable, relatively discrete (white is a good color choice), and they give use the peace of mind that our toddler cannot tip the furniture.
Perfect solution, no issues installingjust what we needed.
my 24month old is just starting to climb and we have lots of tall dressers and shelves.
plus we live in CA, so this is a win-win for everyoneWe purchased these to secure a large mirror and bookcase to keep our toddler safe.
They are secure to the wall and piece of furniture and I'm confident that the furniture will not topple over when my toddler is pulling and leaning on itI had incredible difficulty installing these and had to give up and return them after the screws that came with them kept breaking.
I am returning all of these in favor of angle braces.
This is ridiculousThese were easy to install and I don't see how a piece of furniture with two of these could fall over - without taking the wall studs with it.
I especially liked that the furniture half and the wall half come apart for installation, makes life much easier.
I used both straps for a very large piece of furnitureBe aware when purchasing that the photo shows 8 but there are really 8 pairs if you order that selection.That's twice what we needed but they are super sturdy and the hardware is excellent.I'm only dinging it because of the misleading photoThese might have worked better if I had bought different screws.
I just couldn't get these to work at allWe bought these when we converted our twins cribs to toddler beds and they had more freedom.
Protect your kids!
We had the brackets from that came with the furniture (mostly ikea stuff, but some other brands as well) & 1 set of these.
Straps seemed sturdy.
If you want them flush to the wall, you need to install the wall piece well below the piece attached to the unit (several inchesThey work really well.
Husband says they were easy to install and didn't take that long.
I'm not one of those moms that has the entire house baby proofed.
I believe more in teaching my child to not touch certain things so that when we go to other people's home that are not baby proofed, she will "survive".
This one is the best!!
Well madeThis is a wonderful gate when you have your hands full, as I often do.
We've used gates for years with our pets, and this is by far superior to any others we've used.
We actually went out and bought a second gate when we saw how great they areSo I really like that this gate is a walk through and doesn't have to be screwed into the wall.
Beware, there are still quite a few draw-backs.
My son has pulled it down several times because I cranked and cranked, but I still didn't get it quite tight enough.
This gate does not work at the bottom or top of stairwells well at all, but is pretty decent in standard doorways.
Turns out, I like the one I have at the top of the stairs much better.
My 2 gates arrived in one day with prime shipping!This really is the best doorway gate you can buy.
Very sturdy, easy to install, even comes with a wrench!
I have had several other gates (ones I bought and hand-me-downs) and this is by far the best because 1)it stays open when you don't need it (like when kids are napping) - i used to have to tie my other one open!
3) Other tension gates I have (dreambaby extra wide gate) worked fine, but it was really tough to get it just right so that both parts latched/locked correctly without being so tight that it wouldn't latch.
This one was a breeze, as long as it is tight, it works, latching perfectly in both places.I have the older version of this gate and it is much better than the newer version.
It had an actual knee plate and it had a wide, sloped base which seems to provide more stability and prevented toes from kicking into the base.
Even with the changes for the worse, I think this is still the best doorway gate out there and well worth the moneyI used this gate at a family member's house, and I loved it, so I bought one for our place.
However, it is too small for our normal, standard width hallway.
I have to buy the extension for it.
It's a great gate, but I think it should be a little wider.
I love the step feature.
This gate is also quite tall which is nice.
The installation was simple and unlike the gates that drill into the wall, this gate does not leave holes and can be moved easily.
Great gate, great valueI love that this gate installs very easily, and the gate swings both ways.
We installed this in a bedroom frame, and easily moved it to over the stairs.
I love that it doesn't leave any residue on the walls.
Be sure the use the wrench it comes with which makes it very easy.The measurements it gives you are pretty accurate for the max length it can do, our stairway is just over 39" and it barely doesn't fit with the first extension so we had to add anotherI bought this gate yesterday.
One thing I did notice was that after I put it together, my 2yr old daughter happened to be watching, she immediately knew how to open the gate!
Even if it did fit I still would have had to return it since she knew how to open it.
Great gate for younger children/petsGood:-Easy to open with one hand.-Works great for keeping the dog out of the nursery.-Really like the pressure mounting, easy to install.Bad:-Gate creeksWe put it in a doorway that we walk through constantly, I can open it with no hands (i.e.
holding the baby) It keeps out the dog (about 65 pounder) and withstands some jail bar style shaking from my 1 year old.
I can leave the gate open, walking through is a bit narrow for my wide hips, but I don't have to turn sideways or anything.Get it, you won't regret it.
looks nice, easy to install, keeps out the dog and the baby inFantastic gate extremely easy to install.
There are no little places where kids can get their fingers pinched so I feel safe closing it even when my extremely curious and active 8 month old is crawling and climbing on it.
it's a tall gate so i don't worry about her going over it at all and it takes force to push the step down but easy to do.
Buy it for the entrance to hallways or in doorways where you want the door open sometimes but don't want babies in and out of that roomThis is a fantastic gate!
He is now 20 months old and there are absolutely no complaints...just praise.
The pedal seems to be improved as I have yet to have it break.
I still recommend this gate above and beyond all the rest.
It's very durable and the ease of use and set up is great.
It's also a plus that the fram stays in place and you dont' have to remove it all the time like other gates.
The one part that might give out will be the pedal.
My husband broke it once when we first got this because the animal that he is put too much weight on it (the gate stands up nicely to regular pressure).
I do have to say that the company was great when I called them for a replacement part and sent it out the very same day.
It was well worth the money.
I had tried several other gates and was not happy at all with any of themNice and sturdy!
Easy to install and use.
It has hands-free opening so its good when you have your hands full like I always do.
This gate wont budge when it is installed so it is very safe.
It looks nicer then some of the other gates on the market.We still have this years later and got a second one when we moved.
My oldest is almost 4 and she still cant open it on her own.
Still loving itI have several baby gates so it's not that I didn't install it right.
Its just that my daughter could rip this one right out.
It holds on for a while but still she can tear it down.
So I wouldn't recommend itWe needed a sturdy gate at the top of our stairs that was pressure mounted because we had to mount it on both sides to our wood balusters.
It is extremely sturdy, doesn't move in the slightest (and we use it ALL day long), and is well built.
I can step on the release and nudge the gate open with my knee, so my hands are still securely on my child in my arms.
I cannot imagine a child being able to open it because it does take quite a bit of pressure, in fact, our two year tries to step on it and can't budge it.
The gate swings nicely in both directions and easily latches back in place.
I don't especially like that the bar is underneath, but I also understand that there's no way around it.
I will say that at least the designers tried to alleviate the annoyance of the bar by adding in slopping plastic mounds around the bar.
We also had to get the extension and it works great.
We were right on the edge of needing another extension but it actually works great with just the one.
It's also easy to assemble and install.
I highly recommend this gate!
We might even get another one for the bottom of the stairs because it works so wellThis is a great gate.
Very sturdy and easy to open.
I will definitely get another one if I need one for my other roomsThis gate is very simple to install, but time-consuming to get the perfect fit.
I'd say it took me a solid half an hour the first time.
It does take quite a bit of elbow grease as well.I expected the gate to swing closed more easily.
I do find myself using my hands most the time to make sure it's closed, but if I do have my arms full it can definitely be operated without my hands.My baby girl is 8 months old and spends a lot of time standing at the gate (and pulling on it).
I like that if she has her hands on the gate, there is nowhere for her fingers to get pinched as I open it.
The braces come off the doorjamb just ever so slightly, but it is still secure.I have also used it in a hallway with one extension.
In the hall, the top two braces were affixed on the wall, and the bottom two on floorboards, which come out about 1/2" and I still got a secure fit.
When I removed the gate from the hall there was damage to the wall under one of the top braces - it removed paint and textureWe love this sturdy, easy gate.
It works best in a doorway that you want closed off for sure.
It's not so easy to take up and down quicklyWe are so glad that we bought this gate.
We use it in the entrance to our son's room.
Completly hands free is such a plus!!!!!!
Simple to use!!!
The vertical only slats are great because our son tries to climb this gate and I truely believe that if we had bought a traditional gate with vertical and horizontal slats that he would be able to climb it!!!
I recommended this to all our friends alreadyThis thing has now survived up to two 90th percentile twin 2yo boys yanking on it day after day.
Surely it would not cost a lot more to include that piece, and I think parents would be willing to pay a few extra dollars for added safety.Fortunately I was able to find another product that solved the problem for me:Tee-Zed Dreambaby No-Trip Gate Ramp, WhiteIt's not as perfect a fit as the original ramp, but it still works very well.
And what pleases me most is that I cannot find a place anywhere on the gate for fingers to be pinched at any stage of being open, closed or closing.
We are using one extension with this gate.
The measurements of it (the gate) and what space it will fit (with/without extensions) is accurate tooI have a puggle and boxer, and neither one can jump this gate or accidentally open it.
It's the best gate I've ever owned- and I've gone through a LOT of gates!!
Easy!!
Great when I'm taking groceries in the house and don't have an extra hand to fiddle with one of those tricky gate locks.
LOVE IT!!!
Because we were not using it around the stairs, we wanted a metal gate, that was pressure mounted, and swung open - easy, right???
Wrong!The only other one we could find in the stores is Evenflo's gate with a remote.
It clicks shut easily with just a swing of the gate.
Just make sure you use the instructions to install it so you have the correct tightness for the latch (they provide a wrench that takes out the guesswork).The ONLY reason I'm giving it 4 stars is the width.
Many models go wider and you have to purchase an extension for larger openings (i.e.
our "I thought, standard" hallway).
I would prefer they made two models so you're not left with a small opening while walking through a larger hall.Otherwise - it's THE gate to have for non-stair situationsI purchased this gate when my son was learning to crawl ... as stuck it on the bathroom door frame to keep him out - it was wonderful!
I love that when guests came over, the bathroom door would still shut, and they all loved that it was so easy to use.
The pressure mounts are very secure and were very gentle on both of the appartments we have used it in as well.
I love that my tall 35 lb and 39 inch 2 year old can't open it, but that for anyone over 6 that has tried it in my home, it is very simple and effortless!
This is a wonderful gate, and I would (and do) recommend it to anyone!
We have used it for over 2 years now, and still love itWe've had two of these gates for six months and have been almost 100% happy with them.
We love how they open and close by pushing on the pedal (ours has worked perfectly, although I see that some had said that theirs breaks) and opening with the knee.
We use them to block off parts of our house to our one year old and have used them since he started to crawl.
We are ordering a third one to block off the stairway upstairs now.
Based on our experience and reading many reviews before deciding which gate to buy, it is my sense that for the price, most people are very happy with this gate.
You might be able to spend double or triple and get THE PERFECT GATE, but really this one will probably do for about everyone.
There are a few that break more than they should and very rarely a toddler that can figure out how to open them.
However, our child tends to be the investigative type and has thus far made no progress learning to open the gate.
This seems to be a good, decent popular working gate for most people and needs.
I recommend itWe've tried at least three different gates in different doorways and entrances, and this one's by far the best.
It really is hands-free to open.
Better yet, it closes automatically by bumping it shut, unlike some gates that require a hand to *close* them, argh.One complaint I've heard is about the foot pedal breaking off.
That hasn't happened for us, and we use two of these, nor has it happened for friends (and friends of friends) who've had one of these for several years.
So, use the tool that comes in the box for checking the tightness, and use a level(ing device) to get it straightUtilized these for our stairs and they work very well.
I was surprised how nice they looked once they arrived.
Being able to utilize a step to unlatch the gate is very nice to have, seeing as our kid or some other object seems to be in our hands every time we go up and down the stairs.However, we required two extensions on each of the gates we purchased in order to get to the appropriate width for our staircases so I would recommend making sure you measure your stairs before ordering this gate and the necessary extensionsThis gate was very easy to put up and is very sturdy.
It is also convenient since there are no levers to pull or push with your hand to open.
It's totaly hands free leaving you to carry other things while you walk through the gate.
We thought that the opening might be a little small, but once it's up it doesn't seem so badI Only rate this item 4 Stars because I just purchased it today.
It was very simple to assemble, I didnt even need my husband for help.
We purchased this gate because of the great reviews and also because I have 2 70lbs Terriers that need to start getting used to being guarded off.
The gate is sturdy comfy and attractive as well which is important in my house, most of all seems very safe.
I highly recommend this product for all parent who have dogs in their house no matter what size they are.I would be giving it 5 stars if I had this gate longer, but couldnt wait to post the great review after purchasing it and seeing how great my dogs are adapting to itThis hands-free gate works when you step down on the foot paddle which causes a latch to open.
You can then push the gate open with a hand or a knee.
The gate is fairly easy to install (a necessary slim wrench is included in the box) and requires no screws or glue.
The gate provides good protection.
When properly installed, it provides solid protection, although (important!)
you should regularly check it to make sure it's securely affixed to the door frame.
But this is *NOT* designed and should never be used to guard the top of a stairwayI love this gate.
It is easy to install and works great.
You have to step on the foot pedal to open the gate and little kids can't step hard enough so it is perfect.
We are moving to a new house and we are getting two more for the staircase.
This is certainly worth the extra moneyThis product is a lot different from other baby gates because of the &#34;hand free&#34; foot pedal at the bottom used to open the gate.
Nice and sturdy, thoughSo we had a little bit of an interesting situation.
My husband and I were moving in to my parents' house after they built their house.
We were preparing to live in the house about 1 year in advance, which is when I purchased this gate and installed it at my parents' house for when they had my daughter over there.
It was barely used for the good part of that year, left open most of the time.
Are you kidding me?
That much for a gate and you can't even give me a durable hinge?
Sorry, but this was a waste of moneyvery good gate the only down fall is that it is only hands free gate if the mobile home or house or apartment is leveled other than that it is perfect and hand free and easy to install and it is alot harder to knock down than other baby gates my daughter could never knock this gate down no matter how hard she tried even when she was a year in a half she would stand on it and lean on it and it still wouldn't fall so it is all round a very good gateEasy to install, user friedly, props open while they're asleep, truly hands free.
We have 4 of them throughout the house.
I can open it easily carrying the baby or groceries.
It fits securely and doesn't loosen.
It is great quality.
We have had two of these for three years now and they are still in perfect conditionVery good gate and easy to open with your foot stepping on it.
It needs a lot of pressure to open, so it's great that kids can't open it.
I recommend this gateWe love this gate, we bought one to block of the top of the staircase, and we wanted a second one t block off the living area and the kitchen... unfortunately the coverage range of this product is very limited... even with the extensions.The gate overall is made out of solid material.
The kickstand takes a bit of pressure to release, but it's good to have, because my son can't accidentally push it down and open the gate.The gate area is smaller than an average to walk through, but it's not too bad.Out of all the gates we have had we like the Hands Free gate the best.
Other than that, it has worked well and my daughter hasn't been able to get it open no matter how much she bangs and shakes on itWe got this gate plus two extensions, one for either side, almost a month ago for our triplets who just turned a year old.
We were concerned at first if the extra extensions would be able to support the three babies sufficiently.
It does!
The only downfall, which I've seen mentioned a few times before, is that the available width space doesn't match up with what the gate says it can support.
So if you get this and are running to the border of width, add that extra extension for sure so it's not wobbling.
Otherwise, this is a great gate!
We have the added baseboards along the bottom of our walls plus the tiny toe boards and because this is all pressure mounted it adjusts great.
It works great for us since we live in military base housing and want to avoid putting holes in the walls to fill in later.
The gate swings either way which helps too!
Easy to use, install, and hands free.
It says it's not approved for use at the top of the stairs because the only gates approved for use at the top of the stairs are hardware mounted ones, so I just put it in the hallway right before the stairs and works great.
Although it's so sturdy, if there wasn't the rule about needing to be hardware mounted it would work for stairs.
I'm not sure how old the people's children are who said they can open this gate, but mine is 1 and there's no way he's strong enough.
About 32&#34;.
If it were shorter, I could still close the door and leave the gate up.It takes quite a bit of force to open it with the foot pedal.
Plus you need to use your hand to close it back or else your cat is going to take the opportunity to run inAfter trying 3 different gates (that all had high ratings on Amazon), this wasn't my favorite - but is still a good gate.
I just preferred some of the features of the others.
If it had a wider gate opening, I would have given it a 5 star rating.
I turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one I wanted, so here's my take on three different gates.I think they are all pretty good gates, it just depends on your situation and what features you're looking for.
The key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1) the width of the gate opening and 2) the latch mechanismFirst Years - Hands-Free Gate-----------------------------cost $50 & extensions $15 / gate is 32" Tall / fits 29"-34" doorway width / 1.5" bar to step over / gate opening 17"- My gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17" wide!
However...- The hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
For me it just wasn't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width.- Good height to the gate.- It was very sturdy in my doorway.- This one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor.- Fits only up to 34" doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension.- All that being said, if you really want a hands free gate, and the width of the gate opening doesn't bug you, try this one.Kidco Center Gateway:---------------------cost $85 & extensions $24 / gate is 29.5" Tall / fits 29.25" to 37.5" doorway width / 1" bar to step over / gate opening 22"- Has the widest gate opening (the space you walk thru, not the doorway that it fits into) of any of them - about 22".
I was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there wasn't more mention of this feature.- This one also had the most secure latch feature.
(ie.
For example, I had a lot of doorways that are about 33" and this gate didn't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it didn't seem stable.
(vs. the kidco gate's extensions add 2.75" as needed).- It's by far the tallest and I liked that since my daughter has been in the 95% so far.
I also just like the way the taller gate looks.- It does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2".- If if fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.All three gates seemed to:- Fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly.
Depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc, you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly.- Had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall.- Were pretty easy to set up.- All look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them didn't look "cheaper" to me than the others.Please remember that for safety, only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs, so don't use any of these for that.
Think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
Good luck with your own purchaseI thought this idea seemed great since my hands would be full once our baby arrived, but it did not work for us.
The opening for this gate was also very narrow.
We returned this for the North State Industries easy close gate, which we loveWe still had to use hands to open be/c hitting it with your knee hurts.
Also the plastic foot peddle started to warp after a few months of useNot only is this gate incredibly easy to install and incredibly sturdy, but it is also great for pets.
I just installed this gate in about 10 minutes and it's great because the cats can still have the run of the house by jumping it.
It also keeps our Black Lab from passing through.Buy this gate!
It's a wonderful, well thought-out productWe love this gate, it is so easy to install.
That was not very good to use because you have to climb in and out of the gate.
If you have an active child like mine, you will have to go in and out a lot.
Several times i trip over it and it's not fun when you bang your legs into the gate.
Since we just change to this hands free gate, we are so relieved.
So check out you base boards before you orderI purchased this gate at Babies R Us, but read the reviews first from Amazon.
The gate was so easy to put together and fits perfectly at the entrance of her bedroom door.
Oh, wellWe have two of these gates that we use to contain the babies (15 mo.
and 4 mo.)
Easily installed and adjustable.
We haven't had to use any extensions.
15 mo.
old can't open it but 6 yr. old nephew can operate it easily on his own.
They are WONDERFULThis is probably the best gate I've had so far.
So far we are extremely happy with this gate.
We wanted pressure mounted gates but I was concerned that the opening of this particular gate would not be wide enough for my husband.
Especially while trying to carry a new baby.
So this is great.
Only complaints: I wish the opening was larger, it isn't huge- but to be fair, the description does give dimensions.
The only other thing that is taking a while to get used to, is there is a bar at the bottom of the gate- even in the opening, so you still have to watch your step, but it is less of a hassle than having to take down gates or step over them.
overall, I would recommendWe are veterans of many types of gates for both dogs and now kids, and I am crestfallen that it took us this long to discover this terrific model.
It combines the security of a permanent mount with the relative ease of installation and occasional portability of pressure-mounted models.I had two irregular doorways to fill in with child gates so our scootching 13-month old could play safely in the area.
For one large opening I used the SuperYard Gate, which is a decent all-plastic telescoping gate with permanent-mounting rails, and for the other I used the First Years hands-free with a single extension.
After seeing how secure the First Years was, and how incredibly east it was to install the extensions, even though I'm happy with the SuperYard Gate, I wish I had bought two First Years Hands-Free,The operation is really cool -- you step on a pedal, and knee the thing open.
(See below).
I tried this, and the pedal will slide but not allow the gate to open if the top is tight.I have only a few minor caveats to convey:- when installing it, make sure you follow the instructions and use the little plastic wrench (included) to do some fine-tuning tightening, so that the upper latch is the required distance from the catch (a wrench-width).
Since it swings open, if you want to use the gate in only one location, the portability isn't an issue.All in all, just about the coolest gate I've usedThis is a great gate over all--convenient, sturdy, etc.
We use it at the top of the stairs.
IT IS EASY TO OPEN WHILE CARRYING MY BABY AND KEEPS THE DOG IN THE FAMILY ROOM WHEN WE ARE AWAY.
THE DOOR SWINGS IN BOTH DIRECTIONS WHICH IS TERRIFIC IN MY DOORWAY.
I PLAN TO BUY MORE FOR THE REST OF THE HOUSEI really like this gate, it was easy to install and it looks great.
It takes a heavy step to open but it's truly baby ProofI like the look and feel of this gate and the concept that it's a "hands-free" design for opening, because let's face it--a gate that requires that you use your hands to open is worthless for a mom holding a baby.
It seems to be a pretty solid construction, and for a tension gate, it actually holds pretty well.
HA!There are definitely some downsides to it, but it has been serving us well as a dog and baby gate for close to two years now.Pros:- Hands-free opening- Clean, simple, solid design- Ability to add extenders which work great for wide hallways (I use one on each side of the gate)- Tension-mount system so it's movable and you don't have to put holes in your walls.Cons:- Beware if you have painted your walls recently (Recent for us was maybe a few months prior).
The rubber grip pads just ripped the paint right off when I released the tension in the holding rods.
I'm not sure if the paint on our walls is cheap or if it's because there are just too many layers of paint or what, but I ripped a large chunk out of the wall upon moving the gate.
You should be able to close this easily by just pushing the gate back, but it always sticks in one of the directions and requires more care to close it properly.- I don't know how, but my now almost 21 month-old has managed to open this gate maybe 10 times by now.
She refuses to tell me how and every time I try to watch her try, she acts all helpless and can't open it.
So yeah, she's apparently a step ahead of all our visiting adults who can't open this thing.Despite the fact that she can open it from time to time, I still like this gate and it has really been an important feature in our home.
Even before she was crawling or walking, it was perfect for keeping our two big dogs confined to one side of the house.
easy to use, and easy to install.
This is also very sturdy.
my wild son can't tear it down, I loved it so much I bought one for my mom's house too.enjoyMy 22 month old can open doors but still can't open this gate!
Gives great piece of mind.
I love that you don't need to use your hands to open and close it.
Grandparents love it too, ended up buying them one as wellWe use this gate with one extension and it works perfect for keeping my very large 1 yr old (~30 lbs) out of the kitchen while cooking.
Very sturdy and nearly impossible for him to open on his own.
The pedal is a great design feature and allows us to move easily in and out while carrying things (garbage?).
She has a very hyper golden retriever.Perfect for protecting your baby from many diffetant thingsI really really like this gate.
It was easy to install and so far seems to be holding up very well.
My only concern is whether it will last over time because we get so much traffic in our house and you do have to use a good bit of &#34;push&#34; to release and open the gate each time.
But overall, at this point, we love itWe got this to gate our hallway so our 23 month old twins will stop getting into drawers and wrecking things.
Not their safety so much as my sanity.
So this gate seemed like the perfect idea.
It's sturdy and attractive, easy enough to open even if your arms are full of toys, laundry, children... but not so easy my girls were able to figure it out (again, we only had it 9 days though!).
- it will work great But it seems like something they should have thought of when they made the gate.edited - we got the gate working again, with a block of wood beneath it.
Girls still haven't figured out how to open it and boy are they madWe got this style because we didn't want to attach hardware to our door frames.
The step is now noisy, which I may be able to fix with some WD40 or something, but I just haven't tried yet.
We also have another gate that is a slightly different The First Years model than this.
I like that that one has the plastic guard at the bottom to act as a transition.
Overall it does the job, but if I had to purchase again I would buy the other First Years model insteadWe use this gate to block baby from going into the kitchen.
Voila, the hands-free gate!
It is great, you can open and close it with your foot and knee just like the other reviews state.
We had to buy 2 extensions, one on each side of the gate to cover the opening to our kitchen.
They work great, we have had no problems.
I need to try some WD-40 to see if that will help, I honestly haven't tried that yet.
Baby hangs all over it and I don't see how she would ever be strong enough to press down on the pedal herself and open it, you really do need to press hardThere are so many pros, so few cons to this gate.
It's tall, there's no way my 2-year-old can get over it.
If you follow the instructions on how to correctly tighten it on the door frame you won't have trouble.
The gate was smarter than me!My son, who is Mr. Motor Skills, cannot open it.Would make an excellent dog gate for small dogs.Sometimes the pedal can get sticky and you have to push on it a little harder, but that's really my only complaintTL;DR if you are looking for a great gate that will function well for 6 months, and inevitably break in unrepairable ways, this is the gate for you!I loved these gates.
We bought two of them and they were relatively easy to install and had been very effective at keeping our rambunctious 2 year old out of the kitchen and hallway.
These gates come with only a 90-day warranty, and both gates started breaking in obviously flawed ways within 6-months.
They shipped out two replacement pegs and I was able to get the door working within a few days.
This is a clear design flaw.Weeks later our second gate broke.
There is no way to fix this broken gate.
I think it also speaks volumes that they offer 1-2 year warranties on almost all of their baby products -- except the gates.
I love the fact that you don't have to hardware mount the gate (no drilling into the doorways required), and it's still very sturdy.
It was incredibly easy to install, and is very safe and secure.
My 18 month son knows how the gate opens, but cannot open it because of the weight required to push down on the lever.
The only negatives I encountered were:1) The first Hands Free gate I purchased was not painted properly, so I had to return it for another one.2) I had to buy the 5&quot; gate extension for the gate to fit in the doorway.
So, in the end, there are additional costs if the opening you intend to use the gate for is not that narrow.
But all in all, it's totally worth itThe gate is decent construction, and the lever has enough weight where only an adult can open it.
The mounts aren't sturdy.This gate only fits in our doorways, and this is with the extensions maxed-out to their maximum length.
Save yourselfMy wife and I had gone through about 8 types of baby gates, including 5 or 6 for the entryway that connects living room and kitchen.
Part of the problem is that the entryway is extra wide--over 50 inches--and we had trouble finding gates wide enough just to fit.
It's absolutely the nicest gate we have ever bought.
I only wish they made a hardware-mounted version for the tops of stairwaysWell I wasn't happy with this compared to another brands I purchased.
I bought 4 gates (three brands), this gate the Summer and the dream baby I had to purchase other items to install this gate.
8 months later the gate was broken all together.
I wouldn't buy this gate againI needed a gate for the top of the stairs, and searched Amazon for "baby gate top of stairs."
This gate is the second item returned.
Nowhere in the description does it say that this gate should not be used at the top of the stairs.
Of course as soon as we opened the box the instructions clearly say DO NOT USE AT THE TOP OF STAIRS.
The gate works great in the upstairs hallway, but we'll still need to buy a different gate at some point if we want the baby to have access to our roomI am very pleased with this gate, we have it at the top of our stairs and it works great.
The opening isn't HUGE but it still works.
Our stairway is 35 1/2 inches wide so we did have to get the extension, it is not wobbly at all.
Some advice though, don't tighten it too tight or you won't be able to get the door open.
The first one I ordered was defective but Amazon was very quick to replace it with a new one and works great.
I am guessing that the people who say their infant has figured out how to do that must have super babies.
The slates are wide enough for my cats to fit through as well, ok well one of them the other one is too dumb to figure that part out so she just sits there until someone opens the gateThis is hands down a fabulous baby gate.
We have a toddler who has outsmarted several other gates, and this one is incredible sturdy and well-made, we will be buying more of this style if we are blessed with another child!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDThis is a great gate in both functionality and aesthetics.
Would've given it a higher rating if it weren't so easy for my soon-to-be 2 year old to rattle the door and open it quite easily.
May need to look into getting something more advanced for him but for under 2 years, this does the job.
And easy to installI was fortunate to find two of these gates with two extensions each at a second hand baby store for 20 dollars each.
After the first year with my newborn, I've come to need a coupe more gates.
I do need the extensions, which makes it more expensive, so I will be purchasing two more of these in the very near futureworks great!
my child can not open it.
i have 2 of these installed.
buy the extension if you have wider opening.
if you have even wider opening - place a piece of wood next to the wall, i added an extra piece of 2x4 for one of the wide opening in the house.
it gives the extra 2 inches needed and also protects the wall.hands free operation is very handy when you have to hold the child or carry other stuffThis gate went on sale very cheap so I bought and instead of sending it to me they sent me neosporin and returned my money.
Maybe it was for the hurt that not receiving my gate causedOur little one is rolling and starting to crawl, so we bought two of these gates, one for the top of our walk-up stairs, and one for the hallway.
They are fantastic.
The foot pedal also requires a substantial push, so there is no way that the baby (or a pet) would be able to do so on his or her own.
The gate door also works both ways, an important feature.The one negative as far as I can tell is that when coming up the stairs, it takes a little extra coordination to step on the foot pedal.Definitely recommendedI needed a gate that would keep my active baby out of the bathroom from the bedroom.
So I went by the reviews on amazon and chose this gate and I must say the reviews are very accurate.Pluses:- It took no time at all to install and it was pretty self explanatory (about 5-10 minutes)- It is completely safe (no accidents here)- It actually looks very nice so there's no dilemma between child proofing and baby safety- It's hands free when you don't have an extra hand- It stays very well- It's sturdy and baby can't get in/out- The foot pedal is super tight so there's no way your baby can learn how to open/close- There's no cause for concern of little fingers getting caught- Children may find it actually fun to open/closeAfter one month of use I'm happy to report that there are NO CONS!
If you need a gate, look no further!
*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/UPDATE:Bought two more!
I like how it swings open both ways, opens with a foot pedal so it's hands free, and is incredibly sturdy though it's pressure-mounted.
Instead, I mounted the gate in the doorway of our baby's nursery, and it is working out GREATThis gate is a great asset, especially if you have pets.
It was a little pricy, but definitely worth itThis is a sturdy gate which does not damage the walls.
It can be moved to another location if desired.
A great purchase and can withstand being manhandled by a toddler, yet can only be opened by an adultI've been a child care provider and teacher for years.
You come to absolutely dread going in and out of inferior baby gates.
This gate is the best.
It's truly hands free and child proof.
Recommend trying "Baby Buddy Bear Pacifier Holder" Love themIt looks cute but the wire is too short, the clip is big and hard which hurts my baby if he touches itI love Winnie the Pool which is why I bought this.
The pacifier is just ok.
It works but it doesn't stay on as good as the Boogin Head Pacifier Clips.
It's super cute but I wouldn't recommend this as a sturdy pacifier clip.
This clip is being used only when we go on car rides, so baby doesn't lose her pacifier.
Well after about 4 months of occasional use the clip itself won't close all the way, so it doesn't secure to anything.
Junk, do not buyIt is ok, but only works with certain kids of pacifiers.
The kidco gate in combination with the Y Spindle has given me a safe and secure option for the bottom of my stairsI absolutely love this gate.
It's great.
All four points where the gate touches the wall are different depth and I also used the extension kit and it works perfectly.
It is very stable and my little boy can't open it or pull it down.
It was easy to install, easy to use, and has stood up to the abuse of being used in a school classroom.
It is much more sturdy than previously used wood gates.
The item may be a little more expensive, but the quality is well worth itEasy to use, easy to install and it has so many different options of installation (extensions, y-spindles, stairway adaptors) and all were easy to figure out.
Even my 60 plus mother said it was easy to figure out how to use it without any instruction.
Really liked how the bottom "supports" that press against the wall were flat on the bottom edge so they lay against the floor better.
My other brand of gate didnt have that.
But managed without themI was happy to find a gate that works for us.
We use it at the bottom of our stairs along with a kidco y spindle.
Not sure what other options we had for mounting to our round staircase baluster.
i wasn't sure abt tension gates but this is great, no drilling and it's very sturdy.
the gate is so simple in design and it's perfect for our place.
set up was fast and easyI purchased two of these gates for the bottom of my stair cases.
They were fairly easy to install even though the instructions weren't that clear.
I had to buy a 5.5 inch extension and the Y spindle pack to fit my stairs.
Once I got it all together I was very surprised at how sturdy the gates were.
I turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one I wanted, so here's my take on three different gates.I think they are all pretty good gates, it just depends on your situation and what features you're looking for.
The key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1) the width of the gate opening and 2) the latch mechanismKidco Center Gateway:---------------------cost $85 & extensions $24 / gate is 29.5" Tall / fits 29.25" to 37.5" doorway width / 1" bar to step over / gate opening 22"- Has the widest gate opening (the space you walk thru, not the doorway that it fits into) of any of them - about 22".
I was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there wasn't more mention of this feature.- This one also had the most secure latch feature.
(ie.
For example, I had a lot of doorways that are about 33" and this gate didn't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it didn't seem stable.
(vs. the kidco gate's extensions add 2.75" as needed).- It's by far the tallest and I liked that since my daughter has been in the 95% so far.
I also just like the way the taller gate looks.- It does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2".- If it fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.First Years - Hands-Free Gate-----------------------------cost $50 & extensions $15 / gate is 32" Tall / fits 29"-34" doorway width / 1.5" bar to step over / gate opening 17"- My gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17" wide!
However...- The hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
For me it just wasn't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width.- Good height to the gate.- It was very sturdy in my doorway.- This one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor.- Fits only up to 34" doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension.- All that being said, if you really want a hands free gate, and the width of the gate opening doesn't bug you, try this one.All three gates seemed to:- Fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly.
Depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc, you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly.- Had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall.- Were pretty easy to set up.- All look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them didn't look "cheaper" to me than the others.Please remember that for safety, only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs, so don't use any of these for that.
Think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
Good luck with your own purchaseWe bought this gate a few months ago.
It's generally well made and is sturdier than some other gates.
Overall, it's a good choice, although in my opinion it is a bit overpriced.
the first time, dh just screwed it back together.
THe opening is VERY NARROW.
I have many scratches and bruises on hip from that gate.
If you are REALLY skinny with no dh, okay, maybe.
Only time will tell how much real-world use it will stand up to.
Overall, I am happy with this purchaseI would highly recommend this gate!
We are using it at the bottom our basement stairs, and it is just what we needed.
Nice wide gate (the part that swings open is wider than any other gate I have seen.
Secure latch (I have a 3 year old and an 11 month old, and my 3 year old can open a different gate we have, and sometimes forgets to shut it.
This gate requires more strength to open it, which means I am confident leaving the kids to play while I am in the next room)3.
The height of the gate.
Not too big of a deal since he can safely climb up and down the stairs, but it doesn't keep him contained at all.2.
The instruction booklet that comes with the gate.
the booklet has instructions in several different languages in the front, and then referneces pictures that are in the back of the book.
This means that you must constantly flip pages when reading the instructions.
BUT, the first gate I purchased was the standard gateway that uses hardware to install.
You can see my review there but the thing that is pertinent here is that they only included limited hardware in the box which would not work safely if installing the gate into dry wall (even when there is a stud).
Kidco kindly includes two extensions making this gate much more versitile than most on the market.
The thing they don't tell you is that these extensions are held in by the same tension that holds the gate into the wall.
Each of these tension screws are completely separate from one another (which is good design because it allows installation over uneaven surfaces).
However, because there is no mechanism holding these extensions into place, this means that the parent installing the gate must use two hands to hold up the gate, make sure each of the 4 separate extension brackets and two separate support bars, and the 4 metal extension bars which the brackets slide over (none of which lockinto place in anyway) don't fall off, all the while trying to tighten one tension screw at a time...
I cannot even explain to you how two limbs are not enough to get the job done and still remain sane by the end of the process.Throw me a bone Kidco!
How about the brackets clip or screw that holds the brackets into place so they don't slide off while I'm trying to mount the gate?
Something!?
!Unfortunately, you will find that Kidco often makes the best products for this kind of thing but they sure do cut corners on the little stuff that would make a parent's life a LOT easierVery pleased with this gate.
It was easy to install even with the extension we needed to buy with it.
My 4 year old can also use it without any issues which I likeI purchased this product used.
It was still easy to install and it is truly pressure mounted - we did not need to put holes in our walls.
We installed this at the bottom of our stairs, one step up.Pros:*This is a very sturdy gate.
My twins stand on the first step and constantly play and apply their weight.
*Its fairly simple to use one handed.
*The opening is plenty wide enough to walk through without having to turn sideways (and I'm not a skinny minnie)*This will probably work if I need to install in a doorway to keep toddlers in their room, and not conflict with a doorknob (just guessing).
*The door can open either direction (although on the stairs that doesn't matter)Cons:I've been using this gate for at least 4 months now - I can't think of any.I bought another brand gate (a tall gate) to use in another entrance.
It is getting returned because 1.)
its not truly pressure mounted, and 2.)
its not sturdy like this kidco gate - I'm spoiled!
(I don't use this for pets, but this would be good for smaller animals or those not jumping due to the height of the gateI cannot believe I waited until my 3rd baby to buy one of these!!
I'd always seen other Mum's and Dad's using them when we were out and about but always thought they'd be really uncomfortable.Well, I finally bought one and tried it with the birth of my 3rd child, (Mainly because I couldn't convince my eldest daugther, 3, to give up her seat in our double pram!)
It's easy to strap on, pick up your baby, strap him or her in and off you go.
It's also really easy to get the baby out again.
The buckles and fasteners are easy to use and adjust as needed.My son loves it - he sleeps in it, or looks around as we walk along.
We've used it on walks, outings or just around the house.
I also use it when I go with my girls to playgroup.
I have two hands free to help them on play equipment and my son gets to see what his big sisters are doing.I would suggest trying before you buy if you do have any back problems as it may not suit you, but is has been a huge success in this houseIf you are going to invest in a baby carrier, invest in the best.
I use this carrier all the time and even my husband has started to use it and he originally said he would never put a baby in such a contraption.
It hold the baby very securly and is comfortable to wear.
Has a classy look to it and goes through the wash well.
Easy to get baby in and out ofI love watching my partner carry our baby in the Baby Bjorn,or "Bjorning the baby" as we call it, because poor Daddy is a real baby fumbler.
This is the bestEven before we had our baby I told my wife that I wanted this baby carrier as my first Father's Day gift.
I would recommend all dads (and moms) to consider getting their Baby Bjorn.
Along with the swing, the bouncer and a few other pieces of gear, it will not only make your first few parenting weeks easier to deal with but it will reward you time and again with unforgettable moments with your babyAfter hearing all the positive comments about the Baby Bjorn carrier, I registered for it and got one as a shower gift.
For the first few weeks we couldn't use it because my baby's head flopped around too much, even when the carrier was tightened to its maximum head tightness (and our son is a big baby).
I can use it anywhere and it is pretty simple to use.
My son is now 4 mos and still fits comfortably in it.
This is a "Must Have" item.
It is kind of pricey, but worth the money since it has a 20 lb.
capacity and won't just be a couple of months worth of usesMy husband and I are students with two young children - ages 2 (27 months) and 3 months, so first of all, purchasing this item was a big step when we live on a tiny budget!
We LOVE it!!!
We bought the brand new one (not the one pictured above- it's the new 2003 model) It has the attatchements that slide in on the sides, making it a sinch to put on.
It also has the plastic snaps to hold up baby's head and the teathers to tighten or loosen the part that holds baby's head.
Anyhow, it is wonderful!
the new 2003 model is so easy to put on, and even my 6'4&quot; 260lb hubby LOVES it, and thinks it is really comfy.
WORTH THE MONEY, in my opinionBaby Bjorn was a gift.
I tried to carry her.
That did not work and I did not feel she was safe with me pushing the cart and carrying her.
I finally thought to use the Baby Bjorn Carrier.
She loves it!!!
She faces forward in it and loves to look around.
It truly is a life saver!!!
I thought I was never going to be able to leave the house without my daughter crying her head off!!
Luckily, my mother-in-law was feeling generous with the baby gifts, and she bought us one.At first, my son hated it.
Boy was I glad we hadn't paid for this!But we kept trying...Once he was big enough to flip around... he loved it!
He loves to be up high and look around.
Everyone remarks on what a quiet, happy baby he is.
(If they only lived with us...)No matter how much of a fusspot he is being, putting him in the Bjorn almost always makes him happy.
I keep it in the basket of my stroller when we go for walks, so if he starts wailing (as he usually does after about 2 miles) I can switch him to the Bjorn and he will be happy until we are home.He started teething early and one great thing about the Bjorn is it puts something soft and squishy right at mouth level for him to chew on.
Now I have no problems with that at all, and my baby is about 16 1/2 pounds.
Before he was born, I really thought this would be great for nice, long, arm swinging walks, but it hasn't really worked out that way.
I have tried adjusting the seat height, but I can't seem to find a way around this.
It doesn't happen if the top flap is fasted over his shoulders, but he likes to have his arms free and doing that restricts his arms.I haven't tried any other soft carriers to compare this to, but I did get a Maya Wrap sling.
My husband liked the sling when the baby was little, but I was never comfortable using it.
It made the baby so folded up, I was constantly checking his breathing, as well as constantly supporting his weight with my arm, which rather defeated the purpose of using the sling in the first place.
I really like how the carrier allows me to have my baby close, be arms free, yet still feel my baby is safe and supported.It would be nice if they made the regular carrier with just slightly longer straps.
At home with a new baby, I really love using this around the house.
When my son wanted to be held, I would just put him in the carrier, thus leaving my hands free to do chores.
I had a sling which he didn't like, and plus the carrier is much more secure than the sling.
It is also great for walks outside when using a stroller would be too much of a hassle.
He loves the feeling of being next to my body and almost always falls asleep when he's in itThis baby carrier was the best investment I made for my sanity!
It was a lifesaver for me and my colicky baby.
He always wanted to be carried and didn't like his travelsystem, so this was the only way I was able to take walks and move around the house with my hands free.
I also used it when we went shopping.
Lifesaver.
He is now 6 months old and he still loves it!
It is pricey, but I found it was well worth it for my sanityThis is a great carrier!
He was fortunately big enough to be carried around it in from day 1, but your child must be 21 inches to start using itI actually liked this stool for the longest time.
What I love about it is the slip-resistant top and bottom.
They've learned to be careful and we do still use this in their bathroom.
I was surprised that the plastic was able to cut him like that.
Now, I know Baby Bjorn did not intend for this stool to be used upside down, but my kids are always moving this stool around to use it in different places, and sometimes they leave it upside down.
These are just things to keep in mind if you purchase this stool.
It helps my cautious 2 year old get into her queen size bed (no frameI'm 5' 11&#34; so I've never had a need for a kitchen stool.
Actually, now that I have it for my son, as a potty training - hand washing stool, I'm actually wishing I'd had it years ago for a kitchen stool.
It is much easier than tip toeing and reaching.Tho it is sturdy, it is also lightweight enough that my 2 year old son can move it into position in front of the toilet or the sink.
We also use it as a door stop to keep the bathroom door open.Very multi functionalThis is the perfect size!
It also has a really nice rubber top so it's not slippery as well as rubber grip on the bottom so it's not sliding around on the tile floorsThis step stool has wonderful grip on the floor!
Very sturdy, we are happy with the stoolsbut in spite of some of the obvious flaws (as mentioned in detail by other reviewers) this stool has actually been perfect for us.
We purchased the white one with the black top over 6 years ago.
It still looks great & will last until the grand-kids at the rate it is holding up.
There's a trade off here: if you build a perfectly stable stool with a wide base, then another safety scenario is created: the base becomes a tripping hazard.There are hazards in life.
Nothing is perfectly safe.
We taught our kids to step in the middle of the stool & demonstrated what would happen if they ignored our instructions.
This is a well made step stool.
Looks good.
Good rubber on bottom and top.
Which I am glad.
Glad I have been right there to catch her.
It is durable, sturdy and is a companion for my 2 year old.
She seems to take it all around the house (even climb up the sofa from the armrest side) just to go up the sofa.It has been very easy to have the young gal adapt to using it.
It isn't tall enough to reach the sink downstairs, which has slick tiles that could use the BabyBjorn skid-proof grip.
Also since it is a plain color it I felt it didn't stick out in the bathroom as much as an Elmo or Dora wouldWorks perfectly, it has rubber on the bottom so that it doesn't slide on hardwood or tile.
My son loves to carry it around since we bought it, since now he can reach everything and be a troublemaker haha.
won't slip on any surface.
Good color selections.
I just wish it was slightly taller (like 2&#34;) but otherwise it's perfectVery modern looking.
And my decor a good fit.
I love this little bench.
Expect their children to use it.
Now the child is still too smallThis stool is the perfect height, good quality,and reasonably priced.
This worked perfect in our guest bathroom where standing on top of a rag is well support.
But my other bathroom is tile and it slides a lot regardless of the rubber underneath.
Before I even decided this will be a definite return my kids did not care to use it almost as if they were scared to go on itWe love these at our house.
This pink one is especially cute.
The rubberized bottom never ever slips and the stepping surface is also non-slip.
Gets lots of use from my 2 & 4yosI thought the price was a bit steep for a step stool, but man is it well made!
This step stool will not budge, with all the rubber grips it has.
It's also a lot nicer looking after it's been used a while because the black rubber on the top wears so nicely.
This Baby Bjorn one is also very strong, even for heavier children.
I'm very pleasedNice, sturdy, attractive step.
20-month old can stand on it without it being &#34;tippy&#34;.
I'm 105#, and it supports me just fine tooThis matches the potty I bought for my grandson.
I want to instill in him the habit of proper hand washing after toilet use right away, and having this at the sink will help.
I remembered seeing the Babybjorn step stool at a friend's house and decided to take it for a spin.
I'm glad I did.PROS:- Very sturdy- Entire step surface is covered in non-slip rubber- The base also has non-slip rubber- The underside does not have any sharp or jagged plasticCONS:- Premium priceOur plastic step stool we got from Target worked, but was not ideal.
Whenever I put my fingers around the bottom to move it, I'd poke myself with it and silently (sometimes not so silently) curse the thing.
The larger wooden 2-step stool worked great for reaching the sink, but it was just bulky and moving it so adults could use the sink was inconvenient.Both my kids have used the Babybjorn Safe Step Stool for about 3 weeks and have never come close to tipping it over or falling.
The base is very wide compared to the other plastic step stool we have.
I'm very confident in the stability of the step stool and if my kids fall off of it because they were careless or put all their weight on the very edge of a corner, well, then they'll learn to balance better next time.Even with the premium price, I highly recommend it and I would purchase it againMy 2.25 year old daughter loves standing on this in the bathroom and it seems very sturdy and safe.
I wish it was a tad taller or had a step because she still can't quite reach the sinkGot this for grandkids for the bathroom, but we end up using it in the kitchen so the kids can help.
I like it because it won't slide out from underneath them.
I even use itAt first I didn't like this step as it wasn't tall enough for my then 2 year old son to get to the toilet seat on his own.
I need to get something else until they are tall enough for this step or when they are potty trained.
It is light but strong and sturdy.
Good grip surface on top and bottom.
We bought one for each bathroomWith four kids (the oldest being 4 yo), we have five of these throughout the house.
My 28" 2 yo can use it to reach the water in the sink.-STURDINESS-These are incredibly sturdy.
After years of regular use, they still look brand new and have not deteriorated in any way.
My kids have never slipped on these and they use them daily.
Additionally, all corners are rounded.-DESIGN-They do not look as nice as wooden steps in my opinion but since they are plastic, they are easy to clean.
All of ours are white and none of them have discolored.
We continue to buy these when we need more steps.
Buy and sleep well knowing you have safe, functional step that will easily outlast your child's needsI bought this for my 20 month old son bathroom.
This stool is very sturdy and because of the rubberized bottom does not move on the floor which is a big plus.
It is a great height and helps him be able to reach the sink.
He can also get on and off this stool his self being that it is sturdy enough for that.
Great buysturdy, good quality, nice design.
Buyer be aware that it is kind of short, not tall enough for my 3-yr to watch her hands in the bathroom sink, , but good for getting on the toilet to pottyMy toddler loves this stepstool.
She uses it all the time to brush her teeth, wash her hands, and use the potty.
It's very sturdy and even I've stood on it!
RecommendedA great step stool for those who don't want their house to look as though it's been overtaken by kid-themed stuff.
I like the non-slip rubber along the bottom to keep the stool in place, and the same rubber on top to keep the kid in place.
:) Simple, cute, and durableThis stool doesn't slip on our tile floor and is the perfect height!
Bright colors add a bit of funWe keep this stool under the sink in the bathroom so our son can wash his hands.
When he's taller he'll be able to use it to get to the big potty as well.
It's light enough for him to pick up and put into position, but the rubber bottom means that he can't really drag it or kick it around without picking up -- a plus in my book, as it trains him not to just push things around when they should be picked up and carriedBought this for my little ones to stand on in the bathroom to wash their hands and for when they started potty training on the big potty.
Has held up for a number of years and still looks brand new.
Purchased a second one for their bathroom upstairs.
It is well made and very sturdy.
Only the best for my grandbabiesLove the color and design.
Slip resistant and easy for my 2 year old to carry, but I needed it to be just an inch or so taller for him to reach the light switch and sink.
Will put away until he's a little tallerMy daughter is in the 100th percentile for height and this stool is just the right size for her to get on the potty.
We just bought rubber grippy strips to line the bottom of the stool with.
Hopefully this will help resolve the problemIts probably because my baby isn't tall enough, but He can't put his feet on this thing without it sliding when he is on the toliet.
The top surface is nice, but the bottom needs more slide resistancenice product, works as describedI got this step stool in green to match my son's potty in his bathroom.
It's great and worked well for potty training.
He goes on the matching potty and then steps on the stool to wash his hands!
I wish I'd known that.
I see what people say about it possibly being a tipping hazard as it will tip if you press on one side too much.It's pretty much a standard stepping stoolMy son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet.
Height could be a bit taller but most are about the same heightThis stool has really good grips.
its sturdy and well made.
other than that, its GREATI have two of these, one for each bathroom.
they are very stable and just the right size for a 3 and 5 year old to get a little higher to wash hands or brush teethI bought this with my Bjorn potty chair.
It's nice and sturdy.
Very pleased with the productI ordered this stool for my son.
A neighbor recommended this stool to me, saying it wouldn't slide along the floor.
Unfortunately, this has not been the case for us.This stool moves easily along the tiles as my son climbs on and off.Also, it is too short for use as a sink stool.
In the mean time, we will continue to be a bit frustrated.I do appreciate the wide color varieties for this stool.
The turquoise color is really niceMy 2 yr old son likes to sit and stand on these stools.
These stools are very sturdy, even mom and dad can sit or stand on themI am potty training my 21 month old, and he can get on and off the big potty (with Baby Bjorn seat attached) very easily...he absolutely would not be comfortable on the big potty without this stool under his feet.
But, I still give 5 stars because I don't fault the stool, it is sturdy and well made and looks nice.
Plus, if you look at the ideal stool height for the potty and most sinks, clearly it isn't going to be the same.
I figure within the next year it will become the perfect sink stool, but until then I will have to use a higher kitchen stool for that.
Still glad I bought this, but be aware it may not work for both purposes if you are potty training a young toddlerOverall a very good stool.
I like the gripper stuff on the top and bottom.
My two year old can also move it around easily.
It would have received 5 stars if it was a bit taller.
Even with the stool, my daughter still can't reach the sink so we use this one for other purposesThis step is stylish and well made.
I love the look of it.
It can be a little tricky to clean the rubberized top, but I like the construction of it and the grip on the topUsing this for my toddler (2yo) in his bathroom.
It is sturdy, nice-looking and serves the purpose - even though for some people it makes sense to buy a cheaper oneI used this for my sons potty training.
it can be used for multi purpose inside the house as wellWe began by using this in the bathroom while potty training my son but now it travels all over the house.
I love that it is small and light enough for him to carry and still so usefulWe have enjoyed this for our almost 2 year old over the past few months- helps him &#34;help&#34; with dishes, brush his teeth, and wash his hands.
I like the gray color and is very grippy/stable.
He moves it around the house as neededThis is a great little stool.
It has an attractive design and a non-slip grip on the bottom so there's no risk for falls.
I recommend this itemI thought this would be a bit higher - I'm 5'5 but seem to be struggling to give my baby bath.
I purchased several of these for my kids.
They are great in the bathrooms and kitchen.
They don't slip and I liked the color choices...I like clean white!
Excellent choice for step stool for childrenThis thing is light weight, easy to grab and move with a grippy top.
Probably cleans up nicely, but after cleaning the kids and the kitchen and a billion other things, the stool is at the bottom of my list and just stays dirtySimple and useful.
When I bought it this was the most unpopular color, but it matched my son's jungle theme bathroom, I love it!
The bottom and top surfaces are slip proof, which was a mustThis is the second baby bjorn step stool we have purchased.
It is simple, it works well, no moving parts for my baby to get into while crawling, and allows my daughter to wash her hands by herself.
WonderfulI actually bought this before my son was old enough to use it and ironically I use it now!
This is lighweight, has a rubber bottom to prevent slipping and I love the color.
Although he is still too young to be able to handle climbing on this by himself, having it around the home now will get him familiar with the item and what its use is for.
I purchased all of the potty training items now for both homes so our grandson will become comfortable with them at both homes and learn what he needs to do at both homes too.
This step is very well made, sturdy, and doesn't have any sharp edges to hurt the little ones.
Highly recommendThere are many steps, and I read around what makes a good step for kids.
My criteria is that one that minimizes a chance of slipping.
My 2-year old likes washing hands on his own, but that means he will splash a lot of water.
For the past months, this is doing a great job providing a safe place to stand on.
This gives just enough height for my son to wash his hands on his own.
My son is very tall 2-year old (38.5 inch tall), and this gives just enough boost for allowing him to wash his hands on his own.
If you baby is short, reaching to a faucet may be challengingGreat step stool for my two year old to use to wash his hand all by himself.
It gets her to the perfect height and is very sturdy.
I am using it on a tile floor with large tiles (12x12) and haven't had any issues with it moving aroundIt helps my daughter get on the BABYBJORN potty seat, reach the sink for hand washing and teeth brusing.
Overall we like itI like the non-slip surface and that it's lightweight and easy to carry/move around.
The standing area is also not that wide, so I feel it will be outgrown fastThis is a perfect little step stool!
The color is exactly as pictured and I love the grippy top so she doesn't slipI was wanting something small and sturdy and this fits the bill!
This has rubber on the footings and on the top and is exactly what I was looking forThis is my 2nd babybjorn step stool.
I liked that this was gray (matches my daughter's grey/pink room).
I bought this for her as a step stool to climb in and out of her big girl bed.
My daughter doesn't feel too comfortable climbing down from bed (which actually might be a good thing, lol)...if it was a little higher it would have been perfect.
I do like that these stools feel more stable than many of the other kids stools, yet it is very lightweightWe have 3 of these, and could probably use a couple more.
These are the easiest stools for my daughter to use.
She climbs up and down the potty herself on it easily since it is so stable.
But regardless, this is a good reliable stool to have and looks nice.
I find baby bjorn products to generally be very goodThis step stool is great, especially if you have a small bathroom.
It can bear more than 170lbs.
It also has a slip resistant bottom so it stays in place.
I would definitely recommend this for children and adults tooBought this to match the Babybjorn potty seat.
It is sturdy for my 19 month old, and is a good size for our small bathroom.
Perfect, just like the pottyIts sturdy and a good step.
This item stows away nicely, is sturdy yet lightweight and attractive enough.
Note that this could also be a disadvantage as an unattended to child could be standing on top in a heartbeat when not wanted.
So, be careful what the access to this item looks like.
If it doesn't help you to just get a little but higher-maybe hold off.
If your child is tall enough to benefit from the Safe Step-this is a reasonable value for a safe, sturdy item that will not slide around on the ground or break easilyGreat little light weight non slip stool.
Good colors.
Washes easy.
Is a tad shorter then my other stools but still a very funcional piece.
Very very sturdy!
Highly recommendThis is such a great stool!
It's sturdy and doesn't slide around.
It's only 6 inches tall so it's your basic step stool.
However, my son is 20 months, 95 percentile for height.
When the faucet in the bathroom is on full-blast, this stool only allows him to get the tips of his fingers wet so I still have to pick him up to wash his hands.
For kids 4 and over this is probably fine, my nephew is close to 4 and this would probably work for himMy 2 year old loves this step.
It helps him reach the sink to wash his hands and brush his teeth.
He even leans dwn and says hi to the bear on it.The step is sturdy so he won't slip off of itThis step stool is the perfect size!
Bought it for our 2 year old and he is able to carry it from bedside to bathroom with no problems.
It is very sturdy and has no sharp edges.
Great, simple productMy daughter loves this stool!
The package says that it stays put no matter where the child steps on it - and it's true.
It's very stable and does not tip even if she steps near the edge.
It's the perfect height for her to sit on (she is a tall 19-month old).
At the same time, it's high enough to help a toddler get up on the couch or to the toilet.It has a nice rubberized top to prevent slipping, which is great when you have a little billy goat climbing up and down repeatedly or exploring its uses in unorthodox ways.
The green color is also very bright and fun, and the plastic shell seems easy to cleanvery sturdy grip to the floor.
right height for my two year old to reach the faucet (with the extender).
want to get a second one for the toilet so she can get up herselfMy son loves being able to use this.
It's easy for him to move around the kitchen to watch me while I'm cooking.
well.
WooI keep this step in my sons bathroom along with the Bjorn toilet seat.
The simple design makes it so easy to clean and use.
I love how sturdy the design is.
love this, use it all the time for everything.
does slide on my bamboo hardwood floors tho, the antislip doesnt work perfectly with smaller weights like a babyNot that we are using it non-stop, but my son likes to use it here and there.
My favorite feature is the non-slip material on the feet and on top.
It doesn't slide around when my kids climb up and down which was a big concern for me.
My kids love it and so do II love this stool - extremely strong, yet lightweight.
Non-skid grip is on every surface that touches the floor - very sturdy.
Best of all, it is not one of those surfaces that attract lint and gunk - that drives me nuts.
This stays very clean-looking.However, the thing I like the very best is the width to depth ratio - this is a nice, "fat" rectangle.
The other added benefit of this is that an adult bum can sit on this very comfortably(!
MUCH better than squatting or standing.
I weigh 186 lbs, and can stand or sit on this without any creaking, buckling, or unstable movement.Finally, as an aesthetic concern: I love that it comes in black and white, which looks very neutral in our B & W bath.
Will probably keep this beyond the toddler years as it doesn't look very babyish and is so well madeI like this step stool a lot.
It's very sturdy & looks nice too.
My 2 year old son stands on it just fine & the non-slip top is fabulousSolid, nice quality.
Baby is too small to use it when potty but she figured out to use the stool to reach thingsThese cups have been perfect for my 1-year old son.
I've tried just about every brand on the market & had issues with them all - they were either too small (didn't hold enough liquid), had parts that dislodged, leaked and/or started to "fray" at the spout when my son used/chewed them.
Not these - they are a larger size than most, very durable, don't leak at all & were very easy for my son use.
Highly recommendI like Avent bottles but I dont trust these nipples.
I own every sippy cup on the market, and these are the bestGreat lid.
Great productI brought these cups since they were interchangable with the bottles we used, and the spout is soft.
The only pro is you can replace the spouts when they get chewed.
We were much happier when we switched to Playtex spill proof cups.
These have been the best so far.
However, these seem to hold up the best of any brand I've had.
I wasn't happy since the bottles are for my son.
That said, I did use them and like them.
It works.
I know it is meant for teething babies but I worry that when he chews on it it might hurt his teeth, it is that hardfor the most part we are using straw sippy cups but these are great for the last bottle of the nightI read wonderful things about these online, so I went out and got them.
My daughter loves them!
Great productI bought these for my son for his infant carrier.
He loves them!
Unfortunately he'll be in a regular seat soon and I don't think I'll be able to use them anymore.
Other than that great toy!!!
These were the first toys that she swatted and played with.
You can also put them on the stroller or a highchair to keep baby entertainedThese are great!
My baby girl has loved these since she was just a few weeks old (she's almost 6 months now & still loves them.)
At first, I'd place them on the sides of the car seat handle, so they'd catch her peripheral vision.
It's been fun seeing her develop & her enjoyment of these little bugs just keeps developing, too.
However, the other two take more effort to get her attention.
Now that she has teethed on them for a couple of months, the crackly feel and sound in the wings is going awayI bought these for my 3 month old, since she is just starting to bat and grab at hanging toys.
Unfortunately, the beads are so tightly packed into the tail that they don't rattle at all; also, there is a yellow mesh fabric that covers the tail so you can barely even see the beads.
The ladybug is the only bug out of the three that has a nice chime sound that entertains my baby.I'm glad I bought these, because my baby does like them.
She's just started to grab the wings of them and pull them to her mouth, and is always surprised when they bounce back and rattle when she lets go.
This was one of our better purchases for such a small amount of moneyMy son loved these hanging on his infant carseat.
Now I put them on his wrists when he is in a shopping cart.
Right now I have them on my son's carseat handle and he just loves to stare at them.
Now that she is in the larger carseat I have found other places to attach them because they are her favorite travelling toy.
This is one toy that I will be saving for her memory boxMy son loves these toys.
I didn't think much of them until just recently when he started grabbing for them, before that, he didn't really notice them.
I love the different colors patterns, etc.
My bugs are slightly different than the picture on here, but these look just as good.
I would recommend these to everyoneWhen I bought these bugs for my 2 months old boy I anticipated him to get attracted; but his reaction exceeded all my expectations.
Toys came in different colors then shown on the picture; but they look even nicer.
The size is perfect also: enough to attract an infant's attention, but not too big so he can hold them easily.
He can spend 30 minutes or even more kicking these toys, touching wings and even talking to them!
The bugs became his best friends - and mine too because, while he is busy with them in his bouncer or crib, I can spare time for some homeworkThese are great toys to entertain your new baby.
My kids loved to bat at these bugs and each bug makes a different noise tooWhen we reg for our twins i think we totaly forgot about cute practical things like these.
My friend bought us 4 sets of these cute little bugs.
To keep on both sets of infant carseats My babies really like them and im so happy she got them for us.
We put these on when the babies were about 2 weeks old and now at almost 6 months they still love to stare at them.
Sometimes when we run earns i just take one down and give them to the babies to chew on, shake, or rattle around with.
They get a lot of mouth time now since they are teething.
They still are in great shape.
They come in great for those long car rides to visit family.
All around this is a great productI received these as a gift.
What I like the most of them is how versitile they are, unlike many of the other toys, these can attach almost anywhere.
They were perfect to attach to our car seat / baby carrier handle for baby to look at in the car or in the stroller.
The quality is not that great and my daughter really wasn't interested in them after 5 months or so, so the rattle and squeak element was really not that worthwhileMy daughter loves her bugs and has ever since she was born!
She really concentrates on them and it's great to have something so small and easily moved that she lovesMy son wasn't interested in these until he was maybe 3 or so months old, but then he loved them.
I just velcro one on to his wrist or the stroller or highchair and I never have to worry about him dropping his rattle or toy on the nasty floor wherever we goWe put these bugs on our infant seat a few weeks after our daughter was born.
She is now 3 months old and just loves these bugs!
It keeps her so occupied in the stroller.
When these bugs are in her sight she just stares at them.
I have told my friends about Bugs on Board.
They need to get them and I have seen these bugs everywheregreat toy, works well on place flights.
She loves the bright colors and they've kept her entertained for three months now.
Cheap but well loved toy in our hometo be honest i did not use it , but believe it is a very good product for those who travelI bought this to use with the Medela Symphony pump I'm renting.
It works great.
I get just as much power out of it as I do with the regular power cord at home.
When you first plug it in, no words come up on the screen, but as soon as you turn on the power button on the pump, it starts working like normal.
Very happyThis is excellent!
A must haveOlder Medela pumps need the 12 V lighter, which is frequently not sold at Babies R Us.
You might want to double check that thoughIf you do your pumping outside of an office, like I do, you'll find that pumping in the car can be quite enjoyable.
You have climate control, your favorite kind of music, and you can even park under a tree or somewhere else if you have time.
It works sometimes.
Make the pumping experience way better.
Mobility means a lot when you need to pump regularly but don't want to stay home all the timeIt was so wonderful to have this adapter so that I could pump in the car while my husband was driving.
Be sure to check the voltage on our your pump before purchasing, some are 9-volt, not 12-voltWorks great- has same power as a wall charger if not better!
Our family does a lot of traveling and this charger has been amazingWorks great!
Used it on a 5 hour road trip.
No problems, very convenient, works greatNot much to say - convenient and works well!
I have not found a use for it but there must be something electronic I have it will work withI bought this yesterday when I knew I was going to a "tailgate" party where I would be away from the baby and having a few drinks, and I may have to "pump and dump".
It worked just like it was plugged into an electrical outlet.
This outlet plug is a must have if you want a quiet, clean and safe place to pump your milk.
I love this thing and wish I bought it sooner!!
I purchased this lighter adapter to go with the pump, and so far it works really well.
I decided to purchase before going on a road trip and I am glad that I did.
I was going to give up on pumping when I went back to work but my hour commute each way will be the perfect time to pump at least two times a day without it interfering with my workload.
While the thought of pumping while driving seemed silly, I tried it today and it was completely safe and inconspicuos with my hands-free pumping bra under my shirt.
I am very glad that I bought this as it has an even stronger charge than my plug in adapter.
I do recommend this to any working mom who might think of giving up on pumping.
Be hands free and it is a great ideaFor my job I am on the road and have to pump in the car a lot.
And they were energizer brand!!
I like this cord because it is long enough for me to plug in and still sit in the back seat of my Venza.
It is not cheaply made either like some cords!!
WELL worth the money!!
I don't recall what year the cut off is for this adapter, but you should research that before purchasing.
The cord length is great: would have easily spaned the length of my vehicle.
The speed of the pump is faster using the adapter vs. the regular electric cord, so I just used a slower speed when I pumped.
So I just wish it was a bit more secure, but otherwise no complaintsThese seem to be working.
They have a soft backing against the breast/nipple instead of rigid plastic, so comfort is key here.
Instead of being small and highly domed, these are more shallow and larger, so that they are more discreet when you wear them.
There are washable inserts to absorb milk, rather than having to deal with dried pooled milk.
And best of all, they do indeed draw the nipple out to prepare for nursing.
Still love themI got these to wean my daughter off the nipple shield.
I wore these all the time the first day and by day two she was latching correctly and off the shield.
They arrived very quickly and were a great price.
I started to use them when I was around 8 months pregnant.
Since I have been using them they have made a considerable change to the shape of my nipples.
They aren't inverted like they used to be!
The cups are very comfortable to wear as well.
(And from all the other information I have learned since the last time aroundNot sufficient to help baby latch.
I recommend using them before you have the baby though.
Breastfeeding didn't work out for me.
I am sure that they are great and all, but not for meThis is my first baby and I got very sore and cracked nipples from breastfeeding him.
I tried just about everything to help heal them.
(If you do this, wipe off the A+D before breastfeeding/pumping as it can be harmful if ingested by baby.
)I wouldn't recommend them for leaking.
We have a great nursing relationship because I was able to power through the pain in the very beginningI found these to really help heal my nipples but found they left a sore ring around the outer edge of my breast from pushing into skin under my bra and were not comfortable to wear.
Would rec.
to help heal but discontinue use asapI rarely will buy anything without looking at reviews.
This works fine at protecting me even with some of the issues I had prior to giving birthAlthough they seem helpful for certain situations, I wasn't too impressed.
I'm still glad that I have them in case someday they prove helpfulThese can definitely be a life saver during the first 1-2 weeks when you don't want compression on the nipple and you want them to air dry.
Bottom line: the relief was worth any minor inconveniencemy girlfriend complained of her nipples being sore from breast feeding and these had great reviews so i got them.she loved them, they dont touch ur nipple to aggravate it yet still catches any leakageThese shells gave me instant relief from sore nipples associated with breastfeeding.
This may be fine or even welcomed for some mothers, but for me, it was an undesired side effect.
Still, because they worked so well, I'd definitely use them againI was almost ready to give up breastfeeding and resort to full-time pumping before I tried these.
It was ruining the whole breastfeeding experience for me, and I felt so guilty!
I got these SoftShells and within a few days my nipples felt a million times better.
They keep the nipple erect, which helps with latching, and the air-circulation has healed the cracks and raw areas.
Its amazing how much milk can collect in them... Small inconvenience compared to how beneficial these SoftShells are!!
Don't give up on breastfeeding ladiesThese really helped me the first few months of nursing.
These gave me some relief and also the very gentle pressure makes your nipple easier for the baby to latch onto.
It sort of shapes them forward, if that makes sense.
These shells - which my mother (a lactation consultant) suggested - were a lifesaver.
Allowing my nipples to air dry helped them heal and provided relief from the friction of a bra or nursing pad.
If you didn't feed/pump frequently and/or check on them often, there was often a good chance that they would overflow, or be so full that the slightest leaning forward would cause them to spill.
Once you are aware of the problem, though, it's easily managed.
Overall, the pros definitely outweigh the consI have both types, TheraShells and SoftShells.
I have to say, there are significant differences.
SoftShells have soft backing, the shell is a bit bigger and on the breasts under bra they look more natural than TheraShells.
TheraShells look like you stuffed a mushroom under your bra.
The feeling compared to TheraShells is also different.
If your milk leaks a bit more, you'll have to check it frequently.
Seriously.
EverI bought these when my daughter was in the nicu and I was exclusively pumping for her.
These were a godsend.
Oh wellThe first few weeks of breastfeeding were excruciatingly painful for me!
Finally I found these shells and wore them with a light bra.
The relief was fantastic!
I highly recommend them to anyone with raw or tender nipplesCan't recommend this enough.I had a horrible case of thrush.
They have their own problems though... just have to weigh the pros and cons.
Since he was on my lap I wanted something to secure him since he was not buckled in.I read that some flight attendants will make you take this off during take off and landing.
You can always put on a zip up sweater over the vest.The vest is very soft and easy to use and wash.I was thankful that I got it because when we were about to land at our destination, the pilot had to pull the plane back up.
There was wind shear while we were landing and if you don't pull the plane back up, you can crash (great huh).
It was very very bumpy.I didn't lose my grip on my son, but if we didn't pull back up, who knows,, I could have.bottom line: it is woth the peace of mindThe vest seems to be of good quality though I haven't tried it yet.
The sizing is way off.
I bought it for my 10-month-old and his entire body fits right through the neck opening easily.
They wouldn't let us use it and threatened to have us removed from the plane if we tried!
So, buy and use with cautionThis IS approved for flight according to 14CFR part 21.
Even though there are still dangers of having a child in your lap, like the baby getting compressed on impact, a baby being jolted out of a parents arms is much more deadly.
Buy this and visit the website for more info on how to ensure airline staff that it is approved for cruising altitude (not take off or landing which is not clearly explained WHY).
Best scenario is to have a separate seat for baby with a child fit harness, but for those who insist on a lap baby...buy thisi bought it for my daughter for a night flight & it was good for my piece of mind, but i didn't even use it on the day flight back, because she was moving around so much that it would have just made her mad to be strapped to me..good for the night flight though since she slept so much..but i still didn't sleep at all reallyVery well made, thick to keep baby warm during flight without having to put bulky sweaters, jackets or blankets.Easily attaches to adult seat belt.
Completely adjustable to child's height/length and weightMy wife and I took our 10 month old son on his first vacation earlier this month and purcahsed this item for his to and from flights.
It functioned great, locking him down to either of our seat belts but still giving him a good amount of mobility to crawl around our laps and investigate the seats and other items around him and we sat in 1st class so he had plenty of room to area to cover.
I'm not sure about the regulations that others mentioned in their reviews but none of the attendents on either AA flight told us we could not use it during takeoff and landing or had us use any other type of security device.
It seemed solid at first but after first wash it completely fell apart at the seams and we washed it on gentle with line dry as stated on the label.
Worked well.
This is more a flaw with the design of airplane seatbelts then the vest thoughFlying business class they do not allow car seats, so the only choice is to have our baby as a lap child.
We were so happy to find this simple vest that keeps our baby from becoming injured during severe turbulence.
Make sure to get the right size, pay attention to the neck opening size on the vest and measure your baby's head circumferenceThis was not very useful for us.
We ended up nursing baby throughout our flight (nursing is recommended since this helps with baby's ears' popping), and the strap on this flight vest is not long enough for baby to lie on my knees while i nurse her.
They're ridiculous-looking and huge so there's no way you would wear these out of the house anyway; not even around the house in my opinion!I found them difficult to position and keep in place - you probably need a tight fitting bra/top.
When I attempted to wear them to ease pain and collect breast milk, that also failed.
The shape is weird (which means they cannot be worn without being very noticeable) and they seemed to leak no matter what I did.
On top of that, they actually made me more sore.
I would not recommend purchasing theseThese breastshells are wonderful.
And I love being able to save the breastmilk that leaks out for use later.
However if you are at all interested in reserving every last drop of precious breast milk you will appreciate these!
Wearing them around during the day helped me collect an extra ounce and a half of milk (foremilk, but still good stuff - hydration is essential!)
Comfortable and used all the time.
Every mother needs this in the first 2 months of breastfeeding.
It works very well and It is comfortable and easy to wearI used these a few years ago with my second baby, and it didn't seem to have as much information on the product at the time.
However, i am thrilled because i also was looking for something like this (a different name was recommended) and these work great.
:-) using these i typically catch an ounce in them which is worth so much to me.
Then I found these and they work amazingly!
I'd try to lay in a position that milk won't leak out on the edges.
But even if it leaks, these are still lifesaver because at least I won't be in pain anymore and am able to get some rest until my baby cries.I wish I knew about these when I was still pregnant - I dealt with crazy engorgement pain when my milk first came in.
I was crying when calling the lactation hotlines.
I wonder what it would have been like if I had these shells back then!Overall I highly recommend this productAt first I thought the idea of collecting breastmilk this way was kind of weird, and then I had a baby.
I used these a lot in the first few weeks but there is no way you can wear them out of the house, plus its not good to keep the ladies cooped up like that anyhow.
I ended up returning these because they didn't do the job.
I haven't found a decent alternative so I've been pumping one side as my daughter nurses on the otherI use these in the morning with the first feeding because I leak on whatever side my daughter is not nursing from.
They set nicely over the nipple, but certainly do not cover much more than the areola area.
They are nice in the privacy of my own home, though.
The shell that fits on the breast is comfortable.
It is easy to clean and soft.
I used it only for 1 month though, during the time my nipples were sore.It was a sanity saverI used these only to remain dry while my baby was nursing the other side.
I reach for the nurse-dri shells that I received for free in the hospital first.
Plus i hate that they only recommend these for a certain length of timeMaybe good for moms who struggle with breastfeeding but I thought it was really poorly shaped and uncomfortable, there is no way you would ever wear this under clothing outside your own houseThese definitely keep my sore nipples from chafing or sticking to my bra.
We bought these and some O-cal-ette nursing cups at the same time.
Great.
So we are still wondering if we can find such a product which will fit inside a bra in similar way, but passively collect a larger amount of breastmilkI bought these and the Medela SoftShell Breast Shells for Sore or Inverted nipples.
They're great if you're sore or want to get more air to your nipples.
I use both.
The Avent do come with solid shells too so they can be used to catch milk from the non-nursing breast during letdown too.
If you don't have the solid shells on then remember, don't bend over :) The Medela come with little foam absorption pads to catch milk from letdown but you can't really collect milk in the Medela's.
This is for home use only!
If you have really raw nipples they offer a much needed relief and the ability to get air.
I use them at night so that they catch anything that I leak, and I can then just pour the milk into the baby's mouth via a little spout on the edge.
I've been able to save the milk the shield catches when I leak as baby feeds on other breast.
Also good for helping your nips air out when they are sore.
Maybe a few times right after my baby was born, but never again.So, the product is well made and has good materials, but I didn't see the usefulness of itFinally relief for my poor boobs!
These provide relief from your bra or breast pad rubbing and allows air to get to your nipple to allow it to heal.
:(.
If you look at the silicone part it has a weird yellow tinge to the silicone.I'm going back to my Medela soft shells.
I am sure glad I have no need for them.
But new moms that are breastfeeding will likely benefit from this nipple armor.
Hope this review helpsI bought these to use on one side while my baby ate from the other side because as soon as I get a letdown both sides start squirting milk like crazy.
Very easy to clean and put together.
AVENT is the best for this kind of thingMy nips were sooo sore and cracked the first weeks after having my baby.
You can't go outside in public with these, they poke out too much.
But they are a good alternative to walking around topless.
It's also great that they catch the milk.
I don't use them now in month 7, but I used them ALOT in the earlier monthsI use these at night when I nurse to catch the let-down on the side baby is not eating from.
It's a great way to build up a little extra for bottle feedings.
I hate wasting precious breastmilkI've had sore nipples and excessive letdown leaking from the minute baby was born, it seems like, and these have been so helpful in dealing with both of those issues.I agree with everyone else: you CANNOT possibly wear these out of the house and hope no one will notice, but for around the house, they're great at what they do!
While I was able to easily clear the plug, it's easy to avoid if you just remove these within an hour.
If you're struggling with clothing or pads feeling painful on your nipples, it's really worth the investment to try the LANAcare wool pads.
Plus, the wool is antibacterial, so you only need to wash them every 2-3 weeks!
AmazingIt works great if you are sitting up straight and have it perfectly sealed, which is sometimes hard to tell if you are sleep deprived.
I didn't use it for the air flow only to catch the milk.
when I put on with bra, feels hot; when took it off, the milk still spill out, lost the purpose.I will not recommend this, disposable pads works betterThese were a huge help getting started on my first baby.
I bought them on a whim and boy was a glad.
They help get my milk started because they apply a light pressure which also helps extent the nipple.
Another great feature is the air vents at the top of the cups.
Determined breastfeeding mom's these are fantastic until your milk supply comes in at a steady pace.They do not look flattering under a TIGHT fitting shirt (loose is always best anyways) but what does when you are breastfeeding for the first few months as things are adjusting.
But they look like they would work well for their puposeThe Bjorn is worth every penny!I purchased my Baby Bjorn when my son was two months old, and used it on a daily basis until he was four months old (my son went to work with me for two months).
It is much easier on the back than the Snugli carrier is - I still carry my 10-month-old, 21-pound son in our Bjorn at least once a week.I love it because it keeps my hands free, and my son starts giggling and babbling every time he sees it because he enjoys riding in it so much.
I would recommend unhooking the straps from the carrier before throwing it all in the wash - they can get really tangled togetherthis is a very useful item to help keep your hands free.
kind of annoyingThis carrier is great.
I used it from her first week of life.
Now she is 4 months old and I carry her facing out.
I felt my baby was very secure in this.
You don't have to lug around car seats and strollers (on top of everything else you have to bring).
But after 3 months, when my son weighed about 15 lbs., it became uncomfortable for me to carry him in this.
It was fine for my husband, though.
This is a nice item to have, as long as you know that you'll probably only be using it for the first few months.
I have been a big fan of Fisher Price products and I figured I would be happy since I had the predecessor to the FP Carrier.
Well anyhow I registerd for it because of my previous experience and the price.
I didn't want to spend money on the Baby Bjorn because I figured how much use would it get so why spend or ask a family member to spend that much.
Having a carrier is a great investment for nice walks, shopping and just some cuddle time if you have a colicky baby.
I tried out all the other carriers with my son in them to see what was the most comfy for us both.
The only one was the Baby Bjorn.
My son was a month premature and weighed 5lbs and 11 ozs.
He fit in nicely and I was extremely happy with the way that his weight was distributed.
I carry him around in this a lot and I have to say that I never get any backaches and he never complains from being in it.This is by far the best carrier on the market...believe me I tried them all with the baby in them.
I am very glad that I forked out the extra dough for itThis carrier is the best there is.
It does get a bit hot in summer, so dress baby appropriately in a t-shirt or onesie (no jackets or sweaters or jeans).
I haven't noiced him getting any hotter than if I carried him around in the car seat/carrier for the same length of time.To put it on and baby inside when you are alone, simply put baby on his back on a bed, then put on the carrier, leaving both sides unclipped and unsnapped; lean over, slide him in, then clip and snap one side; stand up while supporting baby with one hand.
Only complain, baby outgrew it.
We did get a lot of use out of it though before thatI am so glad I registered for the Baby Bjorn carrier.
It is so simple to use and my baby always falls asleep in it (she's 6 weeks old).
When I first put her in it at about 2 weeks old, she didn't like it.
But I tried it again with her at about 3 weeks and she loves it.
(So if you have a baby who fusses at it, avoid it for a few days and try it again for brief periods to get the baby used to it.)
You won't be disappointedThis carrier is great, my son loves it.
It's easy to clean and easy to get him in and out of it.
It will take a few days for your child to adjust to facing you (for a few months until he or she can hold his or head up and face away), and then again to adjust to facing away (although they'll quickly like the feeling of being out there and observant).But all the praise misses some subtle points that the manufacturer ought to fix.
But my wife and I are slightly different heights, and quite different builds, which requires adjustment between wearers of the Baby Bjorn.The height-adjustment system should be (a) easier to reach, (b) an integrated release on both sides, to preserve balance and make height changing easier, and (c) bookmarked with tabs or stops or something to faciliate easily moving back and forth between two common settings.-egi loved this in the summer for the first months that my daughter was born.
but as winter hit, didn't use it as much.
didn't get the money's worth.
now that it is spring again, she doesn't love it as much as the backpack carrier we haveWhen I purchased the Bjorn, I too had visions of long happy walks with my baby right up against me.
My newborn hated it.
He was uncomfortable with the forward facing position and didn't like that he couldn't see out the sides.
I felt I was smothering him in there.
This was much better for both of us.
I was able to get him in and out much quicker without all the extra arm and leg buttons to do.
He liked having his arms free and looking out.
It sounds kind of like more work than it's worth, but it really isn't that bad.
After that we were pros.
I now take him everywhere in it.
He's a big baby - 19 lbs.
- I know I can use it until 25 lbs, but honestly I'm not sure if I'll want to at that size!
I always feel he is secure - even if I'm dancing around or moving quickly.
Great for the mall, ball games and walksI found the Baby Bjorn to be a very comfortable way to wear my baby.
I was only able to use it for about 4 months because my son was big and it was difficult to carry him when he exceeded 15 lbs.
The only reason I do not give this item 5 stars is because, in the front-facing position, my son's arms would often turn blue/purple unless I physically held them up.
Some comment that baby "hangs from their crotch" - my baby loved it.
I only use it for 15 min.
now that my baby is 20 lbs - too heavy for my backI love our baby bjorn, there are some days when our son just wants to be held.
So, put the baby in the carrier and you can still get stuff done.
The only downside is that if you are busty its not always comfortable.
My son, now 4 months old, HATES his carseat.
The Bjorn was the perfect answer.
Now he rides facing out and loves watching people and watching what I'm doing.
Best of all, it's easy to get on and easy to get the baby settled into, even without any help.UPDATE: At 6 months and over 20 pounds, my son still loves the Bjorn and it's still totally comfortable to wear.
I only have one warning...be very aware of where your baby's hands are.
:)Trust me....spend the extra money, you'll be happy in the long runWho doesn't love a Bjorn??
They are top of the line, high-quality, and as comfortable as baby carriers get.
Check out eBay and you'll notice USED Bjorns going for $50!
For them to "straddle" you, it really isn't good for their soft, developing hip joints, and can cause growing problems and dislocation.
It is recommended that when they are so young that they still need to face you, that you use a sling instead.
where you need both of your hands, and don't want the hassle of a stroller.It's also easy for a baby to sleep in the Bjorn, even forward-facing...
I was able to start using it as soon as my baby was born because he weighed over 8 pounds.
It is very easy to use once you get the hang of it.
I am able to carry him comfortably for as much as 2 hours and he weighs over 12 pounds (I'm only 5'2".)
He does get very warm in it, so I only use it for short periods of time when it is hot.
It is also great for keeping others from touching your baby when you don't want them to.
Even though it is a bit pricey, I feel I will get my money's worth because I plan on using it for more than one child and I know it will last long enough to do soMy daughter LOVED being in this when she was just born - I even cleaned my whole house with her in the Baby Bjorn!
Now I take her on walks facing forward - she loves to see everything.
I will definitely keep this for my next childI didn't use this much because my baby cried most of the time when I put her in the carrier.
I used it a few times when I had to push my mom in the wheelchair and carry my baby at the same time because I had no other alternative to carry my baby.
Maybe our next baby will like it more.
It can be shoved in the basket of a stroller because of its soft and small structure, thrown in the wash without worrying about all kinds of special instructions, and used at a moments notice because of its great designI just love carrying the baby around in my Baby Bjorn.
It soothes the baby when he sleeps.
I certainly don't use it all the time, and never have, but it can be very useful.
It is comfortable to wear for us and baby.
My son was too big for this by 3 months.
It is also hard to figure out and not great for busty, short women like myself or big and tall men like my hubby.
It's also very comfortable to carry and once you figure out how to get it together, it's actually very quick and easy.
My only problem was when my baby was very young, a month or so, his head was not strong enough and there is a space that allowed his head to fall back somewhat - not a huge amount but enough that I felt the need to supplement with my hand.
Overall though, greatThis is a great carrier that is well worth the extra money it costs.
My son loves this carrier.
I had to wash it recently for the first time b/c my son spit up all over it and it held up great in the wash.
It is an excellent choiceThis is my favorite baby product of all times.
We once decided on a whim to take a roadtrip for the weekend when my daughter was 5 months old and i forgot to the the baby bjorn along.
i abslolutely hated it, and my daughter seemed to not be as comfortable as in the baby bjorn.
we then stopped at a babies r us to get another baby bjorn, and were able to enjoy the weekend.
I have used my baby bjorn at least five times a week with my first daughter, for almost a year, and everything ist still intact and i have used it for the past two months with my second daughter.
the color fading a bit from all the use and washing ist all that happened.
I just used the baby bjorn, which still allowed my used of my handsI hate to use that as my title cause you hear it all the time BUT I swear I have tried just about all of them and this one is by far my favorite...
But this Bjorn distributes the weight and pressure of the baby that you honestly will be thrilled with the carrier.
So Honestly Save money by purchasing just one.My son loved me holding him when he was little and when he got interested in looking around I just flipped him around and he had the comforts of mom but yet could see everyone else.. And I had the use of my two armsWhen I first bought this and learned how to put it on, and got my crying baby in it, I thought, he's going to hate it.
It SEEMED uncomfortable.
I now bring it to every BBQ, party or get together we attend.
I've even been food shopping with it.
Now I can get him out by myself and lay him down w/out disturbing him.
I didnt have one of these for my colicky firstborn and I wished I had.
It gives the best support for me and my daughter loves it.
It is worth the extra moneyThe only reason I don't give this 5 stars is because I think it could use more padding on the straps!
Baby does loves the comfort of this carrier!So I would say it is worth the moneyThis carrier is the best!
I researched and considered carefully before purchasing this and all reviews and reports were accurate.The ease of use is remarkable.
I can get baby in and out all by myself.
From the day after Luca and I arrived home from the hospital, we were out for our daily walks.
Even at age 9 months we use it often!
Now he sits forward in it and charms all he sees!Unfortunately I have yet to figure out how to nurse baby when in this.
I do recall reading that you could but I have tried and find it impossible, at least for me.You put your arms through the straps and the front of the carrier is open, you then take the front piece and snap it on (very easy) You can then place your baby on you and hold him/her with one arm and pick up the front of the carrier and bring it up over baby sliding the built in post-like fasteners into their respective color coded openings on the straps.
She loves facing out and looking around and takes naps this way as well.Both my husband and I have worn this, and been able to get it on - by ourselves.
We've just put it on, leaving one side open, and then placed our daughter in and buckled it up.
Only now, that our 5 month-old is 17 lbs, do I find it hard to wear for an extended amount of time.I can throw this in the washer and then line-dry it and it comes up beautifully.If the cost is keeping you away, just keep in mind that you can always resell it and get quite a bit back.
Ours came used from a friend with two kids.
It is still safe, secure and will be put away until we have our second babyThis carrier far outshines the Snugli I tried first.
You can load baby in easily and there are no buckles in the back to worry about.
Adjustments are easy to make, both for your comfort and baby's.
I went flying with her and they searched us everywhere, usually making me take her out of the carrier.
It was easily done, even with one hand holding other items.
A wonderful productThis is a must for any mom!
I received the one that button's vs. snaps in and I would recommend you seek out the Bjorn that snaps.
However, once the baby is in, it's amazing.
When my baby weighed enough (8 lbs.
is the minimum I think) we tried it immediately and she loved it.
Now that she can hold her head, she loves to face outward while in the house or on walks.
This is a must have for moms and dadsThis item is wonderful for taking my baby outside for a walk.
This is a good solution.
He gets to look at the world around him in the front facing position.
I've used it several times to take him for a walk, and I've also worn it when my husband and I have gone to an art fair.
My only reservation about this carrier is that the color is dark, and the fabric is thick.
On hot summer days, I can't use it because it will overheat the baby.
I wish that there were another option in a lighter color and a lightweight fabric for summerI love the Baby Bjorn and often wear it around the house when baby is fussy, since she likes movement and action.Since I would just repeat the praise I've seen here, I wanted to add that I'm a size 18/20 (w/ a large bust in addition) and I have no problems wearing the BB.
My husband is also very tall and more of a medium build and the BB fits him just fine too.
Rest assured that this one works beautifully.If you are larger, I think that BB sells expansion straps, which I bet other makers do notI have used this carrier almost everyday since my son was 2 weeks old, and he's almost 7 months old now.
I just put my son in it and take him with me.
I also use it to do my shopping so that my 3 and 1/2 year old can sit in the cart.
It is fairly expensive but after seeing how much use I am getting out of it, it is worth itI got this for the diaper bag and absolutely love it.
I found a few other First Years items (grooming kit, medicine tote, bottle tote) that match in color and are just nice to have.The clippers are invaluable.
Not just for baby, but for me as well.
I can clip a nail on a teeny-weeny hand or I can clip a jagged edge on my own nail.
Definitely get some of those separately so you can have extras.The thermometer is great.
I have about 3 different &quot;under the tongue/arm&quot; ones that I'm always using.
However, I like how you can open this one up and clean it out.
Most that I've seen don't have that feature.The medicine dropper is pretty good.
I also have one from the First Years with Big Bird on it.
The one thing that I absolutely love is the bulb because there is no way to stick it in too far and it cleans easily by opening the top and then rinsing the inside with soap and water.
There are alot of emory boards for filing baby nails and the clippers are absolutly safe.
Even if the other stuff ends up being worthless, I'd just go out and buy a better model to put in it's place.
The case is pretty useful, you can even fit a small bottle of medicine in itI really like this set.
It is small and fits nicely into the diaper bag.
I bring it with me because babies always seem to get snags in their nails or a stuffy nose at all the wrong moments.
When I travel I am comfortable with it because it has it all.
I love it.
That ball syringe is the best thing for a baby with a stuffy nose.
This is great because you don't need a separate grooming set and separate first aid type things.
On the side is a net pocket where I keep my pediatrician's appointment cards and medicine instructions.
Very handyI love this case, it has everything you need in ine handy case.
The nose sucky is the best one we have including better than the hospital one, it always works without repeated effort, which is very important when you have a squirming infantThis is a must have for all moms and dads.
I found a twin pack made by the First Years for about a buck more at another store.They do a decent job, especially if you have a smaller car.
I have a mid-size sedan and they just aren't wide enough for the rear door windowsI received this shade for free when I bought other products from Babies R US.My windows in the back have a curved edge to them.
When I tried to move the shade lower on the window I could not fully close the window.If you can get it for free, get it.
It simply wasn't worth anything, since the other brand cost about the same and was more durableWe've had several other brands, got this for free with a coupon, and like it best.
I will definitely read the reviews first this timeI bought this as a 2 pack with a coupon and got it for free, but it is not even worth it for free.
The suction cups are constantly coming off and the whole shade falls off which does not seem too safe if baby is sitting under it.
First years makes a better productI had recieved this as a promotional item at Babiesrus so I didn't have to pay anything for it.
Looking at the price of this item, it's better to just spend a few extra $$$ and get something that will actually workThey are spoons, really what can I say about them.
I like them.
Pretty colors, soft tips.
These are NOT dishwasher safe!!!!
After just a month or so of use, the spoon color started to fade and bleed and change to a brownish yellow stain on each one.
I won't use them anymore because I'm worried about what could be getting into my baby's food.
I highly recommend you avoid this itemI have four kinds of baby spoon (sassy, gerber, toss'n'go, and these) and these meal mates spoons are my very favorite.I have been using these spoons for two months, from my baby's age of 6 mo to 8 mo.Pros:The most comfortable spoon in my hand, well-balanced, no sharp edges, not fatiguing like the sassy spoons and gerberA good shape for my baby's mouth, don't lose food on the way inHold just the right amount of food, I like a spoon that isn't too bigBright and cheerful colorsDishwasher safe, I have not observed any staining or bleaching from the dishwasherNice weight, not too lightCons:Yes, carrots do stain them.
If you're hand-washing, be aware of this spotNot great for travel because they're heavyAs for the other spoons I have:The plastic toss'n'go spoons are best for traveling because they're light and indestructible.
They are nicely proportioned for little mouths.The gerber spoons are fine, but not as comfortable or well-balanced as the meal mates.I really don't like the sassy spoons.
I just like these spoons best.
A good, simple implementThe basin on these spoons is so shallow that you can hardly get any food on them.
I use them for one thing and that is decoration of my son's spoon cup.
They are lively and bright little spoons and much shorter than his others so they make a great decoration.
The colors were very vibrant at first but soon started to absorb the color from carrots and sweet potatoes.
I would give the spoons five stars if not for this.
I hand wash them, so I can not say how they withstand dishwasher.
Made in China but what is not?
It takes me under 20 minutes to wash six bottles (I prefer not to use the dishwasher).
The small brush which comes in the starter kit and the multi-pack varieties is essential for cleaning and lasts for about 6-8 weeks of regular use.
I recommend going straight for the 8oz bottles and buy the 9-pack which is available at other websites.
You will receive Level-1 nipples with the starter kit/multi-packs, however you may want to graduate to Level-2 at 3-months of age, Level-2 at 6-months of age and the Y-cut nipples for any thick liquids (e.g milk with cereal).
My son doesn't have reflux but I can't imagine using any other bottle for him.
Highly recommend them and would definitely buy againWhen my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including Evenflo, Triflow, Avent, etc.
Dr Brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
We ended up throwing all other bottles away.
We don't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything.
Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
Otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
When we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and ended up returning them because we never needed them.
So, my only suggestions are1.
hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them (or at least don't open the package until you need to) and2.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
So, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger sizeThese are wonderful.
They are sturdy and practically spill proof.
My daughter is breast fed and these bottles are wonderful for her.
She just starts right away with these, plus she doesn't seem to get any air when eating.
Just like breastfeeding.
When she uses other bottles I have to put a bib on her to catch all the milk that leaks out all over her face.
The nipples on these bottles are small and fit great in her mouth.
She isn't collacky or have reflux so I can't comment on that, but boy are they great for breastfed babies.
I love being able to give her breast milk in public and not have to stop and sit down and be descreet while lifting my shirt......(you know) I can just feed her right in her seat while pushing the cart since is works great while uprightI only use these bottles, my daughter would not take any other ones right from the start.
I also read other reviews about leaking and can honestly say I have never had a single leak.
There is a line on the bottle that says not to fill above and also for travel they provide a "travel disc" to fit under the nipple to prevent leaks so I am not sure how other people have all these problems.
I can see how it works because my son is less fussy and he loves the soft texture of the nipple.
Although my son loves it, I on the other hand hate it when it comes to the washing.
How come there's so many parts to wash and not only that, the pieces are tiny too!
But this is the sacrifice you make for your youngMy baby has reflux and extra gas just makes him completely miserable.
I'm a pediatrician, so I was a skeptic when I read that the bottle claimed to reduce gas/colic.
Thus, the baby swallows less air from the having work so hard to get food.
If your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a tryGreat price for 2 of these shields...
I have been using shields since day 1 with my daughter so I am quite experienced.
Daughter has no issues with the shield either.
I tried 4 different brands and these were by far my favorite.
Overall, a wonderful purchaseI was struggling immensely with the pain of breastfeeding.
Our baby is now ten weeks old and I still use the sheild and experience no pain.
I feel like she is able to get more milk with it and that her and I are able to bond and enjoy the experience of breastfeeding more.
I use Lansinoh and The First Years lanolin free nipple butter after every feeding as well.
Added bonus, baby took a bottle instantly.
I believe this was in part due to the similarity between sucking on the shield and a bottle nippleI used these temporarily since initially my nipples were cracked and bleeding.
My daughter latched on without problems with the NUK-barely there, but she hated these.
I believe since they were thicker and bulkier she disliked them.
I think it is a must after a couple of days or the second day of having the baby.
Great for latching problemsI had to use shields due to inverted nipples... may baby could not latch on without them.
I started using the medela shields but wanted to buy a few more to have on hand and these were cheaper.
They work okay but I don't care for the thickness.
I also had them leak while nursing.
The nipple size is also fairly large.
The 20mm works better for me than the 24mm and the Avent doesn't have size options.
So buyer bewear!
But they are good shelds, they work good and stay in placeMy nipples are difficult to be latched for my baby.
It is hard to stick tightly on the breast, when my baby latched rubber nipples, it will become warped up on both sides, then it sticked on my baby's cheeks, it's so funny.
The other important thing is it smells not good after I sterilize it even thought the ads said it odorless.
I only tried once and will not use it againNipple shields in general are hard to use, but these were nearly impossible.
It's a great idea to have so much open space to allow for more mouth to skin contact from the baby, but I just couldn't get them to stay on because there was so little area around the shield.
If you're a pro at using shields, then these are probably great.
Here are my reviews and pictures of the 3 different brand:Medela Contact Nipple Shield (20mm)This is the brand recommended by my lactation consultant.
It's made of the thinnest silicone of the 3 brands and "sticks" the best.
The height of the nipple part is a little too high for me and baby often makes a choking sound when trying to latch in the beginning.
I LOVE how the Medela brand makes these in two sizes: 20mm and 24mm.
Unfortunately, it is just as high as the Medela Nipple Shield, but also wider and thicker, making it difficult to stay in place and get baby to latch.
Comes with 2 shieldsTake a look at the pictures to see the differences side by side.
Might be handy if your kid is a super biter and otherwise doesn't have any feeding issuesThese are alright.
I like that the baby can touch skin with her nose.
Though, they don't stay put and I need to readjust them many times during each feedingThese shields are durable, easy to clean, handy to take along when out and about, and very easy to use.
Our son was born a bit on the small side and I'm very large-chested so a shield was a necessity.
At two months in we are still using it until he grows a little bit more.
These, on the other hand are easy to use with one hand, keeps the plastic off his nose, and stays in place better without leaking.
Too deepGood quality, nice soft plastic.
I think the medela shields are worth the few dollars moreThese nipple shields were the best ones that I tried.
I like that they aren't a full circle so the baby's nose wasn't being covered with plastic when he was feeding.
It was really nice to have at the beginning but once we were able to feed without it I was definitely glad to get rid of it!
However, I think that would be any nipple shield.
Definitely would recommend if you are in need of some additional assistance with latchingI bought these because I wanted very badly to breastfeed my daughter but we were having latch-on problems.
I only use their bottles and pacifiers and have been a happy customer in the past.I don't really recommend these specific nipple shields.
Those are much easier to use and less akward for babyThese shields are amazing!
I've used them to breastfeed my DD since she was born (now 2 months old) - BF without them is incredibly painful for me, even with a very good latch.
Wearing the shields has made the experience bearable.
They are super easy to use and wash and sterilize quickly and easilyThese are great for when you first start nursing and your nipples are sore.
However, I found the nipple part to be pretty big for my newborn, reaching all the way to the back of his throat.
I only needed these for a day to heal enough, but they were worth itThese were my favorite nipple shields by far!
I tried the Medela brand prior and always had trouble with it staying in place.
The Avent nipple shields allow more of your skin to touch baby and they are soooo much more afordable which enabled me to purchase more so that I had a few to get me through night time feedings.
You gotta love the BPA free material.
I would give it five stars but sometimes it doesn't stay on the nipple wellIt is small.May be I don't use it.
Don't know whether to use.
We bought one of the Ventaire bottles- just to try- but ended up with a fast flow nipple- much too fast for our three week old.
I brought them home and we tried the bottle out again- what a difference!!!
First of all, it is so much more comfortable to hold compared to the Dr. Brown!
I went out today and bought 3 more of the 6 ounce bottles- they were the only size that came with the slow flow nipples.
We are going to keep the Dr. Brown bottles, but the Playtex Ventaires are our new go to bottlesFrom what I've seen, there are basically 3 methods used to eliminate/reduce gas in bottles: collapsible liners, one-way vents, and open airways.
We've tried various brands that use all 3 methods.
These bottles are an example of one-way vents - the base is designed to let air flow in but prevent fluid from flowing out in the opposite direction.
They do an OK job preventing bubbles in the formula, but they have two main problems: 1) they tend to leak if you don't assemble correctly, and also if shaken or if the membrane becomes a bit worn.
2) The design of the vent requires some negative pressure to allow the air to flow into the bottle.
This means a slight resistance to your baby's suckling effort.
The last thing you want when addressing any feeding problem is resistance to your baby's suckling.We found the most effective feeding design is the open airway used by Dr Browns bottles.
But as previously mentioned, the best advice is to buy one of each and find what works for your little oneMy baby is breastfed but I sometimes substitute a bottle (with breastmilk) to help with the transition for when I go back to work in another couple of weeks.
After reading all the glowing reviews for this bottle and the manufacturers claim that it helps to reduce colic, gas etc because of the unique angle of the bottle I decided to give it a try.I must say also that I was given the opportunity to review the smaller sizes before my baby was born and gave them to a friend of mine who had recently had a baby and her baby loved them, mine on the other hand hated these.
It may be that she's already accustomed to the feel of her regular bottles since the nipples are larger makes her think she's still on the breast since they fit against her chin and nose just the way its done when breastfeeding.Just because my baby was picky and did not like them does not mean that your baby will as well.
Reviews are generally made up of personal experiences so mine can be significantly different than yoursWe purchased these when our son was about a month old.
he had colic and gas problems even after we switched him to gentle ease formula, We had to give him gas drops after every feeding and sometimes it did not help.
We love these and plan to use them with every child we have.
Little tip rince them out after each use and rince other dishes well when washing in the dishwasher togather because they will discolor.
My infant son now rarely spits up and hardly has any gas problems.
Furthermore, even though we had been breastfeeding before, my son made a seamless transition to Ventaire with no trouble at all.The only hitch with the Ventaire bottles is you will find that some (not all) of the nipples have very small holes and so the milk flows too slowly, if at all.One last note.
The Ventaire bottles have a slimmer profile and are much lighter to pack and store.Every baby's needs are different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
For our particular situation, Ventaire was the best possible choiceWe really like these bottles - we have had to burp our baby much less since we switched to them.
I noticed an earlier review had complaints about warming the bottles - we have no problems warming the bottles in our bottle warmer, and the only package warning I have seen is to remove the nipple before warming, which we do.
There were so many bubbles in the bottle from her drinking that I was afraid it was going to give her gas not help stop gas.2.
To heat up the drop in bottles I would warm up a cup of water in the microwave and drop the bottle into it.
With these, it doesn't work!
My son prefers these bottles over any of the others that we have.
All the pieces can be a pain in the butt, but the bottle flows well & has a sleek design.
I've used these bottles with my first born(6 years ago) and was very happy to see they're the same great quality now that I have another newbornI started to prefer these bottles when my daughter was born in 2005.
I've had 2 more children (one in 2008 and the other in 2012), and each time we will try out different (and pricier) options before confirming once again, these are the bottles we prefer.
They are easy to find, our babies have never had issues with spitting up or gas and they do not leak.
I continue to purchase these for my son.
This set comes with three bottles, nipples and caps., and is perfect from about four months onThese are the only bottles my son will use and of course this design is discontinued.
I took away a star because I got a pack with 3 pink bottles.
Figures.
I filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
Then, I tried the sheet experiment again.
This bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leakedWe had a hard time getting EBF baby to take a bottle.
Of course we tried 5 different types of wide-neck bottles before we realized that she only likes thin-neck.
We used the Dr Brown's but the slow flow was way to fast for her, she choked and gagged through the whole bottle.
We decided to switch to Playtex for the slower flow.
After five months on the slow flow (8mo old now), she started to suck too hard for it, so we tried medium flow, which is still too fast.
I can't win.
We have used the Dr Brown's Level 1 nipples in the these bottles which seems to work for her now that she can handle a faster flow.Baby does swallow a bit of air, their venting system is not great.
The pieces have to be perfectly dry before you attach them, or it won't vent, but even then baby had to stop sucking so that I could release the air trapped inside.
Baby has some gassy issues sometimes, but this may just be something that mom ate.
However the angle does make it easier for her to hold up.All in all, I'm glad to have found a bottle she can take, but I wish it was one that wasn't so much work.EDIT (One Month Later)I have found that now that she takes the medium flow, I do not have to let the bottle vent anymore.
We bought the slow flow nipples separately so maybe the venting system works along with the nipple flowI've got a 2 week old.
We started with the Playtex Nurser Bottles.
Great bottles, but the nipple was way too large for my son's mouth and he got a blister on his top lip.
So I tried Gerber for newborns...smaller nipple, but more bubbles and gas for baby.
So I bought this VentAire because it has a smaller nipple AND is good for gas.
Well babies don't suck that way.
They suck at the wider part, naturally.
(They tell you not to do this.)
But it works perfectly now...no gas, no sucking problems.
WhewThese are the only bottles my baby will take without gagging or choking on the nipple.
She loves them.
Maybe when she gets bigger she will do okay with other bottles but for now I will use theseThese bottles are wonderful.
They are easy to clean.Only complaint I have is that traditional bottle warmers don't work well with these because the bottoms are removeable.
It took so long to heat up one bottle that we just started making a new bottle almost every time, or sticking the bottle in a bowl of hot waterThese bottles are well made to stand up to the constant use of a newborn.
The bent shape make it comfortable to use while feeding and the ease of transferring nipples will make for good swaps if your baby is particularly bite-y.
One issue for some parents, for those who don't want to upgrade after the newborn stage, I don't think these will be good for upwards of the first year of a child's life.
The size and setup don't really seem like something for anything but newborns.Regardless, it's a good newborn set that should satisfy all needs, because it can be used in conjunction with breastfeeding & formulaWe received this set free from Amazon for the new baby.
However, we bought Playtex bottles for the first 2 kids.
My wife is a Family Nurse Practitioner and she considers this type of bottles the best for our kids.
When the baby drinks her milk out of the bottle, pressure builds up inside.
That in turn makes it hard for the baby to continue drinking.
One solution would be to constantly turn the regular bottle or just take it out and pull the nipple out once in a while.
The only potential downside is having more pieces to clean - as each bottle has 2 extra pieces to help with the pressure flow on the bottom.
This is definitely recommended.
The nipple use to come close and stop the flow of milk.
But these bottle are amazing.
She use to drink 2-3 oz milk even at age of 4 month.
Suddenly the day i used this bottle, she drank 6 oz at once.
Thanks for this productBeing a new parent, I was not sure which bottles to use.
I bought these and another brand-I will say hands down these are better, my daughter has no issues with gas or hiccupsI originally registered for (and received) the avent bottles.
Horrible to watch.
I tried several other bottles and still wasn't happy with them.
well anyhow I was at my whits end and hurting for my son so I decided to try them.
But I did use the stage two nipple and it's been great.
He will occasionally have to burp but it's quick and painless.
Most times he doesn't have to burp afterwards.
I think that you will run into leaks if you try to assemble them as you are ready to use them and are rushing because the baby is hungry.I wish that I could give these bottles more than five stars.
I should have listened to my friend sooner.
Her baby suffered from Acid Reflux and this bottles worked great for himThe idea of the bottles is good.
They do help to reduce air.
However, to me, it was not worth it b/c of the problems we had with the nipples.
EVERY bottle I bought was a newborn bottle- with newborn nipples ( I double and triple checked), but for some reason they ALL had different flows!
It was always a guessing game with these bottles.
We had to constantly try to keep up with which nipples were the good ones and which ones didn't work.
And when you have a hungry, fussy baby, its no fun to be wasting time trying to keep up with stuff like that.
He would suck 10 times and the nipple would be colapsed.
I PROMISE you one thing - these bottles are purchased only by first time parents (like me).
They cost about 99 cents each.They work great.
There's a bottle, ring and nipple.
The fit in your hand really well.
They are bent to go into the babies mouth at the correct angle.
The VentAire system is interesting, and I am surprised at how well it works - when it works.This bottle is very picky, when it works it works great, but there are a couple of situations where this bottle has issues.
The bottom of the screw cap and the latex vent disk must be 100% dry for the bottle to work.
If the vent disk or screw cap are the slightest bit wet, it will create a suction and the air will not vent properly.
Also, if you are using a bottle warmer these bottles won't work.
I haveThe First Years Babypro Quick Serve Bottle Warmer, which uses steam to warm the bottle, and it does not work with this type of bottle.
The steam gets the vent disk wet, which renders the system useless.While these bottles work great under ideal circumstances, I can't recommend them.
For me, sometimes I need to warm a bottle and sometimes I haven't had time to wash ahead of time.
I don't want a bottle that won't work if I'm trying to wash it right before I need to use it.
It didn't work like that for us, but I will try them again when my baby is older.
We tried them at three months with a fast flow nipple, because we have the ComoTomo bottles with fast flow nipples.
The difference in the speed of fast flow became clear very quickly: the Playtex is much faster than the ComoTomo.
We went back to ComoTomo which our baby loves, and will see what happens with these when she's a bit older.In general, we liked the shape of these bottles for feeding--very easy to hold--but disliked it for making formula, as the opening is so narrow we had to make the formula in a thermos and then pour it into the bottles.
They are easy to take apart and put back together, and went through the dishwasher without any performance issues tooWE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
The work as advertised, allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.Cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyI probably would not use one as a carry bottle, but for filling right before using...Other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertisedI really do like these bottles but they do leak out the bottome sometimes.
While those WERE once a massive improvement, VentAire is the newest texhnology for allowing better pressure equalization, and a more cormftable feeding experience for both mother an baby that more closely mimics the natural position of Breastfeeding.
This is done by using specially angled bottles and the exlcusive VentAire disk system.
I started out with the Newborn set so I'm now a little more adept at inserting the disks into place and using the bottle itself.
I'm pleased that they are making it clear that their bottles are BPA-free since that's an issue that now concerns most new parents or experienced parents with a new baby after a long time off Bottle Duty.I have read the complaints about the slow flow nipple and I have found that I did not encounter anywhere near the frustration others have reported.
However, that was for a Newborn sized bottle.
I picked up some Medium Flow Nipples locally and had some better success with them earlier on.
I had a difficult time finding them but I'm pleased to see that AMAZON carries all three Nipple stages.
It's best to stock up on those since you'll go through the Nipples faster than the bottles themselves, which are petty sturdy and easy to clean.I don't use a bottle warmer since I pump.
I warm the milk up from the refrigorator in the Pumps packaging.
I cannot see how a traditional Bottle-Warmer would accomodate this new system.
It takes a little practice - a couple of days or so, to get the hang of this but I am quite pleased with the resultsI really like these bottles.
However, the nipples that came with them didn't work.
My baby (now 3 months old) would suck and suck and nothing came out.
I usually use the Dr. Brown's bottles (which I absolutely love) so I tried the ventaire bottle with a Dr. Brown's nipple and it worked just fine.
I never figured out what the problem was with the playtex nipplesWhile baby bottles with drop-in liners are convenient when traveling to see relatives and friends, these Ventaire bottles work much better at home.Likes:>Innovative bottom vents (read instructions carefully) help reduce risks for gas, spit-up, and colic.
Our baby had no problems using these Ventaire bottles with the fast flow nipples on the first try.>Bottom vents also help milk flow without vacuum build-up.>Angled design reduces chances for ear infections because the baby is sitting more upright rather than on their backs.>Easy to use, clean, and sterilize (boil nipples and vents in water for 5 minutes once a week) with the removable tops and bottoms at home.
and 9oz.
sizes.Dislikes:>Babies' milk flow rate preferences vary widely so different flow speed (fast or slow) nipples may be required.>Instructions warned, "Do not microwave" to prevent uneven heating of milk which may cause injuries.
It doesn't seem like the bottle itself is compatible withPhilips AVENT Microwave Steam Sterilizer(nipples and vents are boilable).
Designed for an even flow.
This helped my daughter to actually control the flow better instead of not enough or too much coming at her.
I did not notice a huge difference in terms of less gas between this bottle and the Dr. Browns, which also do a great job with that.
Although it is nice for cleaning purposes, if not put on well or too tightly they leak out of the bottom!
With that said, I am not sure it is worth the extra mess potential to be able to take it off for cleaning...that is what a bottle brush is for!
They are only slightly cheaper than Dr. Browns, so I would still opt for those over these Playtex VentAire, but they are a great second optionWorks perfectly!
My son can enjoy drinking without slurping, coughing and spitting.
Super easy to use and clean.
Nobody should use regular bottles when these are available.My son is almost 2 months old and likes the slow flow nipple quite wellI don't necessarily know if these bottles work for colic because my son did not have that BUT these bottles did eliminate him gulping so much air like he was with different bottles.
Skip all the other fancy, more expensive bottles and try theseI, like so many others, had a problem with the flow when I first used these bottles.
My son was about 2 months old at the time, and the second time I used them, he kept sucking and nothing came out.
They work great now.
They are light and easy for him to hold, plus the tilted neck helps him get those last drops without frustration.
He's eight months old now, and he has no problems whatsoever with them.I do recommend the Dr. Brown's bottles over these, though, especially the wide neck ones.
They are expensive, but I have been nothing but pleased with themWe usedPlaytex Drop-ins Nursersfor the first few months, but after our son was drinking more than 4 oz at a time, we switched to the Playtex VentAire.PROS:- Bottle is curved so baby can drink sitting up- Doesn't leakCONS:- Air still comes back in through the nipple when my son quits drinking (this happens with both medium and fast flow nipples) - if this is a problem for you, use the Drop-in system instead.- Extra pieces take a little more time to clean and reassemble bottleThese are great but the aware that they have fast flow nipples.
My son is four months old and only used to the slow flow nipples &#8211; these come with fast flow so I had to purchase a set of slow flow nipples &#8211; and they do make a huge difference&#8230; My son will not drink out of the fast ones &#8211; he leaks everywhere and does not get anything down&#8230Let me start by saying that we used Playtex Ventair bottles with my first child.
The bottles were great--durable and well-made.
We used them throughout her "bottle-hood"--for over a year.
We were excited to hear that they were BPA-free and with our past experience with Playtex bottles, we were happy to purchase these.Within 3 weeks, the ink on the bottles came off of them.
So we had to use sharpie pens to mark the ounces.
We bought about 20 bottles...from a various number of stores.
They appear great at first but go downhill quicklyIf you plan to bottle-feed your baby, Playtex's Ventaire should be on your list of considerations.
While the "we take away the air from your baby" claim is probably just marketing hype -- and an invitation to a class-action someday??
(I assumed I was a better sucker than the baby!)
Finding the right nipple, then, is the challenge.
Luckily, the Ventaire uses the standard American nipple size so you have lots of choices (unlike, say, the British AventThese bottles work nice and are a good option to try for babies who are having problems with fussiness or gas.
(We also use the Doctor Brown bottles).
I haven't noticed a big difference in performance between the two, but these are easier to cleanThe vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
The flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
However, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.Other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak.
There are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.I have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
The nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference.
I prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.As far as reducing gas, I haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andThe First Years Breastflow Bottlewhich I also use.
I typically prefer The First Years bottle because of the slower flow.
It makes cleaning and assembling more difficult and there don't seem to be any obvious benefits to it compared to simpler bottlesMy favorite part about these bottles are the nipples.
They are wide and a tad bit short and my babies latched wonderfully to these nipples.
*The slow flow nipple is VERY slow.
Most slow flow nipples drown my babies.
The slow flow is great for breast milk.
The medium flow nipple is great at about 4 months, with just formula, no cereal.
*The fast flow nipple is AMAZING!
It works great on the Dr Browns bottles too (vent aire nipples are my choice for Dr Browns bottles.
Cereal come through the Fast Flow nipple perfectly with no cutting of the nipple.These bottles are much easier to clean than Dr Brown's, and they provide the same fluid flow as Dr Brown's without having to deal with the middle insert of the Dr Brown's.The cap on these bottles "touches" the top of the nipple and therefore the bottles do not leak while in the diaper bag.
With twins, I had to prop bottles sometimes.Mom of 7, RNgot the newborn set....and now that the grand baby is a little older...my daughter is using these and absolutely loves them....no gas attacks from the wee one.
These are the only bottles we have ever used.
I would say they are very durable; for the new baby we were still able to use my daughter's bottles, they held up for the entire year she was drinking bottles and continue to hold up now.
We never warmed formula so I wasn't aware of the issues others have stated with not being able to microwave or whatever, and since the dishwasher sterilizes, we didn't use a separate sterilizer either.
It definitely takes awhile for them to drink with the slow-flow but at just 1 month old we were able to switch to the fast flow kind and from then on it's no problem.
With my daugher we did try the wide Playtex bottles as well as the Avent but with both, the milk flowed out of the sides of her mouth so we switched to the standard.I would definitely recommend these bottles in the standard, seems to fit their little mouths perfectlyI am currently expecting my first baby so I ordered these to be prepared, however I haven't used them yet.
I did open the box up and they are really easy to put together and when filled with water they didn't leak at all.
I can say they are much more comfortable in your hand than the Avent bottles.
Also, the price can't be beat!
They appear to be very easy to clean without a lot of nooks and crannies for milk to hide in that you have to scrub outI don't have a baby but I gave the bottles to a friend to use and give me feedback.
Her response was good and she told me the best feature is the Micro-Channel Vent Technology that keeps air at the back of the bottle rather than mixing it with the milk.
What grabbed me on these was the claim that baby can comfortably control the milk flow due to the special venting system, as well as less gas for baby.
Actually, since both the top and bottle come off, the bottle part itself is just basically a tube that is very easy to clean (no special bottle brush needed).
Assembly is simple, but in order for the vent to work 100%, the parts must be bone dry, the silicone vent must sit on the bottom perfectly and screwed on tight, and the nipple part pulled tightly against the ring to ensure no leaks.
Imagine my surprise at noticing that baby was sucking away for at least 5 minutes before I realized what was going on there- but just a quick readjustment of the parts and suddenly the flow of the milk was working again.I'd recommend these, especially if you are looking for a bottle that helps baby control the milk flow.EDIT 12/16/11: Now that my daughter is 6 months, and I have a few months more experience with these bottles, I have to increase from 4 star review to a 5 star review.
In hindsight, this may not have been the bottle but rather my daughter given she was a preemie and at the time of the original review still had some feeding difficulties.
She also has reflux, and these bottles have really helped with decreasing the amount of air she swallows.I am very happy with these bottles and highly recommend them to the pricier brands out there that make the same claimsBreast feeding is wonderful but trying to supplement with bottle when you are away can be a challenge to finicky babies.
These bottles are wonderful and well accepted as an "alternativeI messed up.
Needed some more bottles, so I ordered these, not realizing that Playtex VentAire comes in both standard and wide formats.
We usually use the wide.
On their own, they share many of the beneficial features of the other Ventaire bottles, but there's that one drawback.Pros:- Vented system keeps too much air from entering the bottle, and gives me an auditory cue when he's done feeding at night- They're robust, don't leak at all, even after using the dishwasher on them.- Come in pleasant colors, not too bright- Easy to clean and no messing with bags, inserts, or drop ins that always seem to leakCons:- They're skinny.
He didn't like the tiny nipples at all.
Those, stick a rag in, use a bottle brush, boom, they're clean.
These, search for every nook and cranny.- Both wide and standard could be improved by another measurement scale showing the remaining milk when feeding.
Would make it easier than taking it away to check how much is leftThese bottles suck!
If you are concerned about gas use Dr. Brown's bottles, they have more parts but easy to put togetherThe wide version of this is the first bottle we tried with our then-3-week-old baby.
She had been exclusively breastfed up until that point, but I had started pumping in preparation for going back to work, so we wanted to try her on a bottle.
The standard size I think would be great for non-breastfed babies, but I still do prefer the wide.She was more gassy than normal after her feeding, but from what I hear a bottle will always make them more gassy than the boob - so I guess this bottle is better than others (can't compare there).
The only real bad thing I can say is that there are a lot of little parts with the screw-on bottom and vent piece (they do give you one extra vent in the pack in case you lose one).
That's a necessary evil of the vent setup though, I guess.
He still spits up quite a bit for his age so I thought I'd try these bottles with him.
His mom just uses regular, straight bottles.The first time I used this bottle with him there didn't seem to be as many air bubbles in the bottle as there usually are.
I thought for sure it must be just a fluke.
We did however need to replace the fast flow nipples that come with the bottles with some slow flow ones.It was just better to get the bigger size since babies outgrow the smaller size so quickly.
It allowed us to future proof our bottle needsPro-these were great for our reflux, upset belly twins.Con- There are a few pieces to clean : including the nipple 5 things per bottle so if you don't like to wash then these might not be for you (I should mention I only hand wash our bottles so that is a factor but still worth using themI have bought 3 of these bottles.
After over a month of usage they started leaking.
I checked reviews before purchase and noticed some people stated that they will not leak if assembled correctly.
Not true.
I thought at first it was bc we were trying to introduce her to the bottle (she used one when first born until I got my mastitis under control but we didn't keep up with it) at first she used avent, I liked those bottles but she refused them later on.
She tried so hard with this bottle where she wouldn't give advent a chance.
We got dr browns and instant success!
It'll also be handy to be able to pump and bottle feed her when we move in a couple weeks.
Go with Dr browns if you are transitioning your baby to a bottle, you won't be sorrytwo years later, still have them.
they are good quality and durable.
recomment them for anybody looking for a set of bottlesThere isn't enough room for me to describe why I love these better than any other brand!
It's hard to determine sometimesAs a first time Mommy, I researched everything on Amazon.com before I bought my baby stuff.
If you're one of those new Mommy's doing the same thing, you'll notice when researching bottles that everyone loves or hates almost every kind of bottle!I bought a sample of all different 4-6 oz.
sizes of different bottle brands to see which one my newborn would like best and finally narrowed it down to this Playtex Ventaire Standard 6 oz.
bottle.
The smaller nipple is easier for her to latch onto and the flow of the nipple is perfect so she isn't dribbling all over.
Even other small nipples on other bottle brands seemed to have a faster flow that would cause her to dribble.The bottles and parts fit inside my Advent Microwave Steam Sterilizer, too.
Playtex also sells a Ventaire bottle that has a wide nipple but my baby didn't take well to wide nipples--I think those may work better for breastfed babies to help alleviate nipple confusion.The only thing I'm not looking forward to is having to eventually move up to the 9 oz.
Our (older) baby was weirded out by the curved shape and not quite sure how to get comfortable holding it, but obviously that wouldn't be a problem if you started out with them necessarily.
I didn't see any difference as far as "gas" with these; I'm inclined to believe that marketing makes excessive claims about these things, especially on baby productsAfter trying the Medela, Avent, then Dr. Brown's bottles, I found that these worked the best for my son AND me.
Like ANY brand of bottle, perhaps purchase a single bottle before going with the 3-pack to see if it works well for you and baby.
In my case, these worked perfectly.
I recommend you give them a tryWe had trouble the first few days we tried using these, but then I figured out that after each cleaning (and before the first use) you have to stretch out the rubber vent at the bottom.
Since we figured that out, these bottles have been perfect.
We've had no problems with the stage 1 nipple, and since we started using these we've tried a few other bottles - Avent, Gerber - but none compare to this.
I highly recommend itI thought baby bottles were pretty basic, but the improvements Playtex has made do seem to make a difference.
Many used and recommended Playtex VentAire baby bottles.
Sarah listened, starting out with the VentAire newborn bottle gift set (wide bottles & nipples).
She also has these standard bottles (slimmer bottle/nipples).
At this point in time, mom and baby seem to prefer wider ones.
Sarah finds them easier to clean; baby likes the nipple shape better.
She has never put them in the dishwasher (more motherly advice) even though Playtex information says pieces are top-rack dishwasher safe.
As a result, the bottles work well and baby rarely has spit-up, burping or gas problems.
Mom and baby are happyMy seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old.
We started with the Playtex Drop-ins.
I have been very happy with those bottles, but sometimes I hate dealing with the inserts.
These are the narrow nipple unlike the drop-ins, so the nipples are not interchangeable.
I do like these because the top will screw directly onto a ready-to-feed bottle (I use Similac) and I don't have to use one-time use nipples.I was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled, but I think he just likes me holding it, so he has yet to hold the bottle himself.
I do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because I can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.The bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom.
They wash up quickly.
The bottles do not fit into my Avent microwave sterilizer.
My son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
Fast is just too fast for him.
He moved up to the medium at 2.5 months, but I don't see him moving up any time soon.
I would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.Overall, a great bottle.
If I had to choose between this one and the wide bottle, I would pick the wide.
My son's mouth fits better over the larger nippleI'm certainly not a mother - but gave these to a new Mom who gave them rave reviews.
She calls them a "high tech" bottle and loved the way they prevented her newborn from gulping too much airWe have tried all kinds of bottles and these ones work the best for our little one.
She is able to latch onto them better than others and they seem to help with gas.
It's not a big deal.
As I have a baby girl, I was hoping for some pink, yellow or white.
With others, we either couldn't get the flow to give her enough food or we had those that fed her too much, too fast and she would choke.
That is, until she tried to suck through the nipple herself.
Her suction is more powerful than the babies, so we were convinced these were just not the bottles for my grand child.
And at $24 for 3 bottles, I'm sure there is a better optionTitle says it all!
I've tried a lot of the other baby bottles: Dr. Brown, Nuk, Tommee Tippee, Born Free, & Avent.These Playtex VentAire are by far my favoriteI put these bottles in between the regular bottles and the Dr. Brown bottles.
The vents I feel do help with the baby ingesting air but these bottles are no where close to competing with the Dr. Brown bottles.
After trying everything from avent to gerber these are the ones he uses best.
YOu can stick it through too far or it will leak, but you can do it just enough that it wont leak and the baby gets milk.My baby still spits up, but not as bad.
But thats ok..
He still loves these onesAfter trying many other brands and styles of bottles, my wife and I agree that the Playtex Ventaire are the best.Less pieces than Doc Brown, excellent venting system, inexpensive nipples to replace as your baby grows and you need higher flowMy favorite bottles.
My son had belly issues with gas before we started using these.
They do not require bags and we easily wash them up by hand (they do have a few peices parts).
They do come in random colors, so my son does drink out of pink bottles sometimes, but he doesn't mind.
It can be hard to find the slim version in stores, so these are a good findI love the Playtex brand, and the VentAire bottles are really very good.
I like that the bottles is angled and that helps with gas.
They are a definite keeperthese bottles are really good.
the bottle is nicely shaped for good flow to the nipple and into the baby's mouth with out much air.
They have a nice slow flow, and provide the "air vents" at the bottom.However, I must note that those vents are like 99% gimmick.
Add the fact that you virtualy never hear any air come out of it, and you get the idea.The shape is nice, especially if your baby has trouble holding down the food and you have to feed them in a more upright position.Overall a nice baby bottle for your baby.Highlights:- convenient shape- slow flow (pro or con depending on what you want)- ventaire system a gimmickPissed is an understatement.
I purchased these bottles to decrease the amount of air that my daughter was sucking in and these bottles came highly recommended.
They are a natural shape and make it easy to feed the child.
The ventaire system does significantly reduce the amount of bubbles, which means less gas, burps and a happier baby.
Overall, a great set of three starter bottles for twelve dollars.
I am sure that I can use a straight pin and open them more, but "you're not supposed toUnlike the previous review we loved these bottles, and yes we have a baby that spits up alot and the bottles do make the difference.
Our son loves these bottles, they help on the gas and the spitting up and he is able to latch on and drink with no major effort.
We also love having a different choice of nipple sizes.
With my son we are able to buy stage 2 nipples and not owrry about him getting too much formula too fast.
These are wonderfulI tried these bottles before Dr. Brown's to try to cut down on the amount of air my son was taking in.
I experienced no leaking with these, and my son seemed fine with using them.
I don't know why, but the nipples just seem flimsier than Dr. Brown's and my son often had to stop eating because they would collapse.These are easy to wash, easy to assemble, and the curved design is very convienient.
Other than the nipples, they were fineWe have a four-month-old daughter who has been using Playtex VentAire standard bottles for the past month with notable success.
They have worked nicely for the following reasons:1.
The bottles did not cause the dreaded "nipple confusion" when transitioning between the bottle at daycare and breastfeeding when baby is with mom.2.
Replacement parts - like extra slow flow nipples - can be hard to find.
We have also used Playtex Drop-Ins.
This is how the two compare:1.
The VentAire slow flow nipples are much slower than the Drop-In slow flow nipples, which is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).2.
However, the Drop-Ins bottle leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby WILL turn it upside-down).
(In both cases, this refers to the slow flow nipple variety for each bottle.)2.
She can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the VentAire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air.
I nursed my son and then pumped when I had to return back to work.
Two years later, I got them back out for our second child and he has no difficulty.
They are also all dishwasher safe.
Does anyone know if these bottles (i guess you'd callit the old model)are compatible with the new "natural shape" nipple, I can't find the old style in my local storeWe were a die hard Avent family becasue of our daughter tummy troubles.
But they just didn't seem to be working for her.
Her daughter does great on the Avent and doesn't leak....our daughter does great with the Vent Aire and does not leak.
But, these are great.
She manges to keep it all in her mouth and she doesn't fill up with air.
This feat makes her very happy and the lack of leaks and tummy aches make us very happyLove these bottles, and they seem to have been DC'ed, so we were thrilled to find them available on amazon!
They work well for our gassy twins, who also have acid reflux.
These are perfect for out needsMy daughter (5 months old) has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried Dr. Brown, evenflo, Gerber NUK, pretty much every kind we could find, and still no luck.
When she did take it (after a lot of wrestling)I noticed they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
They come apart easily (into 4 pieces: nipple, bottle, bottom air vent, bottom ring to hold the air vent on) and are a lot easier to clean than some of the other types of bottles we've had that have a lot of smaller pieces.
This set comes with 3 bottles and 3 fast flow nipples, so I wouldn't recommend using them for newborn because the milk comes out VERY quickly and would be difficult for them to keep up.
Overall, I wouldn't recommend them for a picky breastfed baby because the nipple isn't close enough to the "real thing", but for a non-picky baby, they'd be greatHere's my baby bottle round-up, my favorite is the Playtex Ventaire.Playtex Ventaire: These are excellent because they let the extra air out (like Dr. Brown's) to make it easier for your baby to continuously drink but mostly because they are really easy to clean since you can unscrew the bottom.
The only downside with them is that they take a little longer to heat in the bottle warmer and sometimes the hot water from the warmer gets stuck in the bottom and can drink down the sides and get on your baby if you don't wipe it down before you give it to them.
They don't fit with Medela pumping stuff and all of my nipples are the same flow, which is fine for my baby from 6 months up.
I'm bit sure if they make slow flow.
Overall, my favorite out of the ones listed below.Dr.
They also fit with my Medela pumping stuff, which is nice.Medela: These are my least favorite.
They work well with my Medela pumping stuff but that's about it.
They also only have 3 parts, which is nice, but they don't have anyway to release the air so I have to stop my baby from drinking every once in a while to release the backed up air.Lansinoh Momma: These bottles are a little gimmicky.
I'm not really sure why they are good for breastfeedng babies, I think it's just a big gimmick.
The flow is way too fast for a baby under 6 months and for some reason my little girl decided at some point she just didn't like them at all.
I would pass on theseThese bottles are incredible :) They are so easy to clean, you just take both ends off and they clean up so nice.
Spend the money, buy the good stuff.
My choice for standard nipples is Playtex ventaire nipples too.
They have the best price for stage two nipples, since they are not offered here on Amazon unfortunately.Good luck, hope this helps.
We Love theseits ok i dont prefer them to tommie tip bottles but good for the price.
wouldnt recommend to friends.
i feel they are hard to use and too many extra pieces to put together and washmy baby went from nursing to bottles and back to nursing.
when I.pumped I got two sets of these.
they keep air out of tummy like thwy say.
Just TRY this bottle.
Try different nipple.
Just find what works for you.
Thats it.It's different for different babies...We tried Dr. Browns, Playtex wide nipple nurser and then Ventair.
But then I got the Stage 2 nipple and it works great!
It says Fast flow but I would say it is medium.
My baby chokes often when she drinks from Dr Browns.. She never choked drinking from the VentairIt took a little bit to get used to the shape, it didn't work as well for my son when he held the bottle himself, but when I hold it, the angle makes it easier to prop up when you need that hand to quick scratch an itch or mop a dribble.
The best part is the removable bottom which really lets you get in there easily to wash them out.
They also do really reduce the amount of air a baby takes in while feedingIf you are anything like me, you've been searching for the perfect bottle.
The one that's easy to hold and drink from.
Well, here you are!
My son is 1, and my only regret is that I didn't buy these sooner.
I wish we'd used these bottles from the very beginning-- through my sons severe reflux and all!!
I've done this for 3 months now and not a single, itty bitty leakI love these bottles.
They are not my favorite kind, but I am very pleased with them.
My daughter burps and spits up much less, which makes the both of us much more happy!
The actual bottles are wonderful, but the nipples they come with are impossible!
The holes are not even there!I do agree with most people that the Ventair bottles are worth the money, because they do improve your feedings with your child, but I do suggest that you purchase different nipples with these bottlesI loved these bottles.
My son used them for the whole duration.They were super easy to clean and that is such a plus!
Nipples are easy to interchange and we could not have been happierA couple years ago, we bought a lot (probably more than we really needed) of baby bottles that all offered different options.
We ended up using all of them so we didn't have to wash them as often, but I have to say the Playtex bottles were the best as they help prevent gas and colic.
The only other brand I can think of that does this is Dr. Brown.
So I would definitely recommend the Playtex bottles and they make a great gift for expecting parentsI love these bottles.
My baby loves them as well just because they are easy to grab and the curved bottle helps in getting all the milk.
I'm not sure why anyone would still consider them.
Or at least the hassle of cleaning the bottles didn't seem to be worth whatever minor improvements we were seeing in gas reduction.
They worked as advertised when we were using the slow flow nipples.
Super!
She seemed to spit up less and burp more easily.But when we switched to the Medium flow nipples, the gasket didn't seem to be able to keep up and air was being pulled in through the nipple, creating air bubbles in the milk and we believe it contributed to the return of her spitting up more.
Sometimes even though the cap is screwed on tight, once our daughter starts to drink, milk will flow out from under the ring, down our hands an onto her chest.
It always seems to happen when she's ravenous and she gets really irritated when we have to pull the bottle from her, wipe it off and readjust the ring.
That's why I am only giving them three stars.
Our daughter is now seven and a half months and is using the Fast flow without excessive gas issues or other air related problems.What I do know is that these bottles were infinitely easier to clean since I just put all the parts in the dishwasher without worrying about using a special brush to clean them.
The wide mouth bottles fit perfectly across two tines of the middle level rack in our Miele dishwasher and the nipples, gaskets and bottom fit in the top utensil tray.
One tip: Buy enough bottles so that you don't have to wash any of them by hand.
I recommend them for their price and ease of use, but warn that they can leakThese bottles were recommended by a friend.
IMHO spare the hassle and just buy the bigger size since the kid will outgrow the small size within a couple of months.
This is a decent sized bottle.
We are definitely loving the angled bottles vs the straight bottles.
It can get a bit tedious washing a bottle with 6 parts ( Bottle, nipple, nipple ring, bottom ring, silicone vent, cap) but overall I would say its worth itI prefer the VentAire bottles with the wider nipple bases.
Because of the difference, obviously the tops are not interchangeable, but the bases between the wider bottles and these thinner bottles are interchangeable.
These are easy to use and wash, they make my baby less gassy, and she can hold the bottle if I need her to.
I still prefer the wider bottles, though, since she is generally breastfed.
I have switched to VentAire bottles over the drop-ins, Tommy Tippee and Avent bottles because I like these the bestBottles are a babies personal preference.
My child is breastfed, and occasionally receives a bottle.Since all babies are different it sometimes takes a few bottles to figure out which work the best for your kid.We started out with Dr. Browns, and they made my daughter gassy.
I bought Nuk, and she didn't seem to like them.
I then bought Adiri bottles and they were great...until about the 6th wash when they started to smell and go weird.
They're also impressively cheap and very easy to find.If you're searching for a great bottle, try this oneThese bottles are working great for my both 19 and 5th months.
Although I agree with the fact that cheaper bottles do the trick, my children prefered these from all other I tried.
A lot have to do with the nipple.
Any way, what ever are your intentions, that's your child that's going to choose his bottleMy daughter is one year old & these have turned out to be my bottle of choice.
I have all kinds, Medela, Medela Calma & Dr. Brown's both big & small but these just work great.
They are a good value as well.
I recommend themThese bottles really work for my 5 week old son.
They have worked since we started using them when he was a week old.
It has not, however, decreased the spitting up.
My husband and I have tried at least 6 other brands of bottles and these and the playtex drop-in's have been most sucessful for us.
I can actually see how the bottles are reducing air intake whereas the other ones seem more like a gimic and their anti-colic mechanisms are not readily apparent.
Also, the nipples on these bottles are smaller.
We've had a lot of success with the Dr. Brown's bottles, but they're expensive, so we wanted to give these a try.One of the selling features is "no bubbles," meaning the baby isn't inhaling air as he eats.
Well, my son's bottle was filled with bubbles as he ate!
And if my son is comfortable, definitely worth itTHE BEST!
I love that you can use eth same bottles with different flow rates.
Easy for my son to hold on his own.
I recommend these and will use these next time as wellThese bottles seem very well made.
Minus a little fading, these bottles look new and the parts still work wellI put these bottles on my gift registry because of the air flow idea.
I just thought that it was a great.
We ended up having to leave just to go home & get a different brand bottle.
If they did, it was so small that nothing came out even when I held the bottle upside down & squeezed the nipple.
I hope that the bigger bottles are better with a faster flow nipple.
For now I am giving up on the small VentAir bottlesKeeps gas at a minimum and are easy to prep.
I like how they fit perfectly in my nephews mouth and the crook of my arm as he is feeding.
The only drawback I experienced is that with so many parts to clean (it breaks down to five parts), clean up can be cumbersomethese are great bottles.
I got them for my great-grand son who is due in March.
Even after going up a size, it didn't seem to make a difference.
After my daughter was in the NICU she had trouble with nipple flow, these were the only bottles that worked well for her.
There are times when if you don't get the bottom on tight with the plastic ring that goes in it to release air, it will leak out.
However, if all parts are together, it works great.
It is a pain to wash... with all the pieces and everything... because if you're not careful and don't remove each piece, you will get mold under that bottom platic piece.
Even with those inconveniences, I still would use these bottles over any other.
I've purchased 3-4 sets now.
They are wonderful.
We have to have the standard nipples like the ones shown.
No other ones work for our daughterI bought this to use as a nursing footstool and I love it.
It's the perfect size and shape, it has a cozy pocket for my feet, and its lightweight enough to kick out of the way if I need to get up in a hurry.
it is also compact and easy to store under the rocker so it doesnt get in the way when not in useI thought this would keep my feet warm while nursing but when it arrived it felt cheap and it moved too much to be useful.
I haven't seen anything else like this and it is just perfect for my small nursery.
Also easy to tote around.
I would give it 5 stars but as others mentioned the fact that it picks up every hair and pc of lint is a minor annoyance.
I vacuum mine often or roll with a lint brush since I have petsThis stool is a great alternative to the wooden stool.
My heels feels nice and supported on this cushy surface.
The cover is easy to wash, and you don't have to worry about your toddler knocking their head (or any other body part) into it.
You will be able to use it beyond your nursing time, and the foot slots are big enough for any size foot.
I highly recommend itThis works pretty well - we needed a small footstool because we bought a glider without one due to the fact that our nursery is TINY.
This works just fine.
In spite of this, though, it still works just fine.
I also do not love that it is fuzzy on the bottom too, and thus collects every hair and piece of lint on the floor, all of which becomes inextricably entangled in the sheepskin-like fabric.
But again, this is only a minor annoyance.
The price alone is why we aren't giving more starsThis is the perfect little stool to accompany any rocker or glider.
It is super comfortable on your feet and a great height for nursing.
Really happy with this!
I live in an NYC apt where space is at a premium.
This was a perfect alternative for usFeet are not fully covered in this stool and the cover is not that thick.
Good price in comparison thoughI had to stop using a previous nursing stool when my baby started to crawl and cruise.
It is soft, perfectly angled for nursing, and the cozy place for your feet is an added bonus!
Well, it is great.
So great I bought a second one for the living room so i could stop carting it around everytime I wanted to breastfeed someplace other than the nursery.
It's sturdy enough that I also sat on it sometimes on the floor.
Now that Baby is 11 months old, I still use it when holding her in the rocking chair.
Now that she is crawling, she loves climbing on it.
And because it is so soft I'm completely comfortable with it.
Sometime's I turn it over, lay her belly down on the flat side and rock her back and forth a little on it.Mine did start of look a little dingy after some use - and who has time to wash these when you are washing all those newborn clothes.
So I can't comment on how well they washI love the idea of this sling and it is sturdy and attractive, but my 10 week old son just cannot get comfortable in it.
I keep thinking he's just too small and is getting lost in it, but even as he grows I am still trying to make him more comfortable by adding a blanket to position him better.
I really want to use this sling, but I feel like he's either too deeply inside the sling and he will suffocate or by adding a blanket underneath him, he's too close to the edge and will tumble out.
The edge draws strings to tighten him in just do not do the trick.
Email me at: Jul262003@yahoo.comNot great to lay your infant inside, but ok if you leave it closed and slide it under baby for extra support.
Also the material was in his face.
I gave it a 2 since it is stylish & I hope it works in a few weeks when my son can hold his head up and he can sit in it...we'll see.
He wasnt the tiniest baby...
I love that most people don't realize I'm holding a baby when wearing it -- this makes nursing even more discreet than in a normal sling as you don't draw attention from people wanting to see the baby.
The outside zipper pockets are great for keys, cell, wallet, etc., and the style is great (it looks more like a messenger bag until you're close up) & I've recieved lots of complements.
My 2 mo.
I started with Gracco carrier and it turned out to be a nightmare everytime I had to put the baby inside.
My son was crying while I was snapping all the 1001 snaps it has there but after that he was stopping crying even though he wasn't looking too confortable.When he got older (5 mounths) we bought a backpack carrier.
This is a really really a nice buy.
We loved it and so did our son.
The problem with it is that I wouldn't put a baby younger than 5 mounths inside.So when my other son was born we tried this new carrier.
I think that's the best for newborns because they don't have to support any body part.
More over, when the baby sleeps, he is in a nice position and they seem to like it (even though I though his head was in a weird angle ?!?!)
As soon as the baby gets heavier (8 or 9 lbs) it's getting a bit uncomfortable mostly if you have I large breast as I do.
I think that it doesn't worth the price for the time you use it.
Now that my younger son is 5 mounths, I don't use it anymoreMy grand daughter loves this set.
The colors are bright and fun and just the right size for your hand.
Plus, it is durable and the bristles are just right for a 2 year old's headThese items are awesome.
The brush has soft bristles, both are brightly colored, cute design on both the brush and combI have used both the brush and the comb on our newborn.
The bristles on the brush are so soft, he likes the massage, and it helps rid his head of the cradle cap.
The comb is also soft, I certainly wouldnt violently run it through my newborns scalp, but with a gentle stroke it works just fineI love this set, and the kids love to look at one while I brush their hair with the other, super adorableLooks cute and colorful.
Comb bristles are way thin/sharp/hard for adults, let alone a baby.
Will be returning the setwhat can i say...cute as a bug...price was great, they are very cute, perfect for my grandchild (bedroom decorated in ladybugsMy daughter loves to play with these, but the bristles are a bit hard.
I like to use a little softer brush on her baby hair.
This would make a cute giftThis is perfect to use on my 1 year old great grandson.
He loves that it looks like a ladybug and worm and it works great on his hair.
They are both well made and in pretty colorsThese spouts are great... they don't leak and they come apart for easy cleaning.They fit perfectly in Klean Kanteens, too!
The straw cups without valves worked ok for her, but sometimes she would suck up too much and it would go down the wrong pipe.These spouts were perfect for playful drinking, but she would not take large amounts.
Either way, I love that I extended the life of my Avent bottles (which I never used becuase they always seemed to leak) and no new bottles to get in the way.
Otherwise, no difference.
I do like the Avent spouts in general as they are about as leak proof as a sippy cup spout can beAs I have stated with the trainer set, they are okay if your child takes to them, just don't buy more than one set if you are not sure your child will take it.
If it works, then buy more sets online.
You will know within days if your child will take to itThey advertise it, or it shows if you search for soft spout and they are hard.
They are probably a good option to convert your bottles into sippy cups, but my son did not like them.
I think also it does not help that they are green so he paid even more attention that they looked differentAvent cups and spouts are my favorite.
I bought 2 Avent bottles for our son to use while my mom watched him for our anniversary.
He was exclusively breastfed & only used 1 bottle, that 1 time.
I bought these guys & the handles.
Our son loves the handles, but has really struggled with the spout.
The Avents *always* align.
To sum it up, I am giving it 4 stars even though it didn't work for our family, because (1) I love that Avent offers a modification for consumers, (2) the handles rock & the spout & handles align super easily, & (3) my baby is exclusively breastfed & has very little experience with bottles (1 bottle, 1 time) - I believe a baby who knows how to drink from a bottle would have a much easier time with this productThese create lots of tiny bubbles that my son swallows when he drinks from this top.
It's a terrible design because the rubber on the back side covers the air vent and the spout so the air gets sucked into babies mouth instead of back in the cup.
Boo!
I was really excited to still use my Avent bottles to transition to cups, but this prodect doesn't cut it, I ended up buying other sippy cupsLove these cups and was pleased to be able to find replacement spouts.
My toddler chewed through some of the white soft spouts, so I needed to find replacement spouts so I can use them to train my young baby to use the cup.
The green "12 month" spouts are hard....they still gets scratched up from teeth and we often have to tell our oldest not to chew on the spout, BUT so far they are the best we've found.
So -plan to replace soft spouts way more often, but the green ones hold up great for an older child.
ThanksWe inherited the avent bottle from friends and this transition option is a great idea.
We started our son off with the soft spouts without the flange at 6mth.
He's just now accepting it (at 8mths) but when he did it was with the harder spouts and with the flange.
With future kids, I may skip the soft spouts, because he's not fooled that its a bottle, and go straight to the 'hard' spoutThe Design of these needs to be more natural or shorter, baby has to open his mouth really big to get this in.
This is not a good trainer spout that's for sure, maybe for older kid, it's more like a wide straw then sippy spoutWe put these spout in all our cups.
This is more of what I call a Soft spout even though described as hard.
Easy to clean and my kids love them.
indeed this spout is totally non spill and very gentle on baby's gums.
i just wish i picked a different color because the white can get stained when you give baby a drink after eating baby foodI do like these.
My son is still chewing too much for the green spouts--hello, toothmarks!
I actually bought them to go in my Klean Kanteen sippy top, and of course they're perfect for that.
They're notOur daughter uses 2 sippy cups a day.
There are slits in the ends of these valves that allow them to both keep a seal & to allow the liquid the flow.
I was so grateful!
These fit our cups just fine.
We seem to be great at losing the inserts!
Cheaper than having to buy new sippy cupsplaytex cups are the best ones on the market.
everything they make is interchangeable which is very budget friendly.
the replacement package is essential but are not easy to find in storesBuying these lets me extend the life of all my son's sippys.
These valves make or break the sippy, so glad they were a resonable priceOne of my valves stopped working in my daughter's Playtex sippy cup and it was great to find these replacement valves at such a low cost so I didn't have to go out and buy a whole new cup.
They work just as well as the one that came with the sippy cup and I am happy with the purchasei was no able to find these in store so i bought them online.
i love them.
better to replace the valves than the whole cupAfter many trials and errors with other sippy cups we came across the platex brand.
They worked great!
No spills, no leaking, and they didn't break when dropped.
Problem is for some reason we were losing the valves as some point in the wash process.
My hubbs was ready to toss the cups without the valves, but i insisted we had to be able to find the valves somewhere.
I bought some of these for replacements and as back ups.
Super awesome saved us from wasting perfectly good cupsDelivered as promised.
I was so glad to find these because we seem to keep losing the inserts and I don't want to have to replace an entire cup due to the lack of an insert.
They work just as good as the original.
I bought the smaller pack and then promptly lost some more inserts so now I'm wishing I bought the larger pack to have some extrasWhen I found out I could just buy these valves, I was ecstatic!
These work wonderfully!!!
I have never experienced any kind of leak or spill with these things.
My son is extremely messy to say the least, but with these, I never have to worryI love the brand of sippy cup and I love the valves when they work.
These work great.
I just throw them in the dishwasher and call them good.
We are getting years of use between children with playtex sippy cups!
They are by far our favorite kiddie cupsArrived quick.
I love that Playtex offers replacements, since our other brand cups don't.
They fit just right, allowing flow without leakingThese are the typical rubber replacement valves.
It's good to have a few extras on hand.
I appreciate that I don't have to replace an entire cupAfter looking at several different variations my husband and I decided to go with this one.
For the price I think its the best choice out there.
Mom and dad can use it (we actually bought it for grandma who loves to bathe our daughter but has an ackward time doing it in our tub) and then our daughter can use it to brush her teeth or to stand in the kitchen.The maximum weight on this product is 200 pounds so I think its a good product for adults as well who maybe need a little extra help reaching that top shelf in the kitchenThis works great in our master bath since we have an oversized tub and I need the added height this kneeler provides to reach/bathe my baby.
Unfortunately, we have a really deep tub, so the sides are tall and the cute little piece in between the elbow pad and mat isn't long enough.
BUT, this item was absolutely indispensable when I was first home and recovering from my C-section!
Hah.
IT IS AWESOME!
It's very sturdy and has alot of padding.
The padding is sufficient and I love that it flips over to convert to a stool...Very useful!
BUT...the elbow pad is a joke!
There is a hard plastic honey comb underneath it and hard plastic surrounding it that force you to put your elbows into two tiny areas or risk severe pain from the plastic.
I don't regret my purchase because of the stool which works really great.
I might as well kneel on a folded towel.
Also, the construction of the item is not very sturdy.
It is not secure, either.
When I leaned against it to test it, it slid right off.
I don't recommend this productMy post baby weight was over 200lbs, if you are over 200 lbs, this is not for you.
I was only a few pounds over that so I thought "it will be safe".
Err!
I think it would really help your knees & elbows during bath timeI registered and received this monitor as a shower gift.
I thought it would be great.
The camera is kind of a pain, though.
The way that it is angled, you need to mount it on the wall above the crib, or have it sitting on a tall piece of funiture that can overlook the crib.
I don't have that, so we only really use it for the sound.
This model has too many problems I wouldn't buy it if I could do it over againWe love our in sight video monitor!
You turn off the monitor and just get sound if you want, but rather than geting up or opening our sons door at every peep I just check the monitor.
The image and sound are crystal clear and we dont ever get interfearance.
The best part is watching him play in the middle of the night or when he first wakes up and we're not in the room.
I simply could not of gotten any sleep as a first time mother had I not been able to see my son peacefully sleeping in his crib every time I opened my eyes at night.We use both the video monitor and the separate hand held monitor all the time and have had no problems that could not be adjusted easily.Forget getting up all night long to check on your angel and buy a VIDEO monitor insteadWe have this monitor and I could not live without it.
The camera works great and the picture is clear.
I have noticed that if I move the camera to certain areas of the crib the reception will suffer so you have to get the camera in just the right spot.
The handheld unit works great throughout the house (3600sqft)although it doesnt work if I go out in the driveway, I bought a cheap $20 one that takes care of that.
All was fine, but then this weekend DEAD!
It work great!
The picture is not snowy.
It is nice to be able to see baby.
Overall, I am happy with this monitor and glad that I can see my son now without having to go into his room and wake him up to check on himUPDATE: I first reviewed this item back in April 2005, when my daughter was 4 months old.
She is now 15 months old and the monitor is still working prefectly well.
We keep the monitor turned on throughout the night and while our daughter takes naps.
The pictures is lighter or darker depending on the sorrounding light, so make sure you adjust it accordingly.
We have a second child on the way and will deffinately be using the monitor with him/her.
If it breaks, we will most deffinately buy another one.
Once you have it, you become dependent on it... :-)Feel free to view my 4 stars as a full 5!I must say I was a bit concerned with getting this monitor after reading previous comments, but I'm glad I did get it!
All and all I'm glad I got it and would recommend it to anyoneIt's great to watch my baby sleep...it keeps us from having to run and down the steps after every peep.
It allows us monitor his sleeping habits without having to stand over his bed.
We don't use this anymore because my daughter is a toddler but we used it since the day my daughter was born and we brought her home from the hospital.
No slouching, very comfy and cozy - a definite must buy for any baby shower.
(In fact I've bought quite a few for friends having babies.)
AWESOME.
my baby head is squeeze and i guess it only fit in the stroller.
i like the touch of it but i have to return itI love the snuzzler.
Works great!
Did not have any trouble with the straps fitting through it.
There is no padding in the back of the snuzzler, just the sides which seems to make her feel secure.
I would highly recommend this over any other infant supportMy daughter was small, but this really seemed very cumbersome to use.
Keeps your newborn warm and cozy - not to mention a better fit in their carseats.
My daughter who's only 2 weeks old, looks very comfortable in her car seat.
I didn't feel she was safely in her carseat.
Plus you can also use this in your stroller and/or bouncersI bought this because it looked so cuddly and snuggly for my baby and because so many people had reviewed it as being helpful for keeping newborn heads where they should be in the carseat.
It looks really cozy, but it didn't stop my daughter's head from flopping in the direction I consider most dangerous, and it really only even fit around her in her carseat for a matter of weeks anyway.
I love other products from this company (like the swaddle-me!!!)
I don't use this item in the car seat for safety reasons but ALWAYS use it in the stroller, bouncer, etc.
My daughter LOVES itThe Snuzzler is the perfect accessory for an infant car seat, especially for newborns and preemies.
The Snuzzler is reversable for summer or winter and is adjustable as the baby grows.
Whenever the baby outgrows it, the baby is probably ready to sit in the infant seat without extra support.
This has worked so much better than rolled up towels which are constantly moving.
It is also important to note that the Snuzzler meets all official flammability requirements.
Towels do not and are usually cotton which is extremely flamible.- It is now 8 months later.
We had it stored for awhile and then brought it out again to use in her high chairI have liked this item and have used it in my jogging stroller to give my little one some extra support in the seat.
I have a Baby Jogger II and since it can be used until kiddos are 75 lbs she would have rattled around in there at 16 lbs when we first started using it.It's really soft and it has washed well - although you might want to wash & dry it by itself the first time because it had a lot of fuzzies.
It's nice that you can reverse it to have the soft fuzzy side out when it's cold and the smooth cotton side out when it's warm.I have to reemphasize what some of the reviews say - be careful when using anything extra in a car seat.
You don't want to have padding in between the seat back and the babyMy son was a big baby, checking in at over 9 pounds and 22 inches, but the headrests that came with the carseat still didn't offer enough support.
We were fortunate to have received this product at our baby shower.
He looked so cozy with the fleece side cuddling him and he was very well supported.
Now that it's over 80 degrees, we've flipped it over to use the cooler fabric and he still loves it.
My son is almost 8 weeks old, so we tried taking it out of our carseat and just using the headrest that came with the carseat.
I bought the snuzzler with every intention to use it, but I haven't.
I tried it in his swing, but it creates to tight of a fit.
Is it worth buying something you may not even use.
Our son was able to be all snuggled in and his head wouldnt flop around.
He is still using this at 4mnths old.
We tried taking it out for the summer but he just didnt seem as happy and comfy in his carseatWe are very satisfied with the Snuzzler product.
Our son is 5 days old and we have used the Snuzzler in his carseat and his bouncer.
It supports his head beautifully.
The fleece side helps keep him warm.
***Update- A big plus> I have washed it several times in the washing machine then let it hang dry and it still looks great.
My baby looks soooo comfy when she is in her carseat!!!
I think I might buy this for everyone when i go to baby showers nowI got this Snuzzler for a babyshower gift and was so excited.
Our little girl was born small, only 6lbs 2oz and it held her perfectly!
Over all I am happy with this productWhat a great product and it really works!!
It doesn't take up space behind baby, it just takes up the space between the side of the car seat and the baby.
Btw it washed beautifully and still looks brand new.
The warm fuzzy side seems to keep her very cozy in our cold weather.
As far as safety you can tell it doesn't add any bulk or come between the baby and the straps.I doubted the Snuzzler's claims, bought it, and LOVE it.
If I have more kids I'll consider it a necessity and if they could talk they'd probably say the sameOther reviewers mentioned that this is a must for smaller babies, but our daughter was nine pounds when she was born and she was so snug and comfy in her car seat with the Snuzzler.
She is almost 15 pounds now and we are still using it.Snuzzler provides the ultimate support and "hugs" the baby in all the right places, so the little one feels secure and comfortable.
We also use one in the stroller - for extra padding.
It may even be used as a sleep positioner in the crib to prevent the baby from rolling over.We use our Snuzzler every day and it doesn't show any wear at all.
It washes well (doesn't shrink, bunch, fade or pill) and may well serve more than one babyThis is a must have for baby during the first 6-8 weeks.
This is one of my top-5 items for a new babyIt is fast and works great!
Plus, it doesn't leakI wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel.
This is a HUGE FIRE HAZARD!
Maybe it was just a fluke that I purchased the two out there that did this - but if I were you I wouldnt take the chance that there are more with this problem, avoiding it altogether and buy a different brand!Initially I would have recommended this warmer but now I say DONT BUY IT!
Like the other reviewers stated, it is quite convenient!
We take it when we travel and it is quite helpful since we do not have to leave our room in the middle of the night to warm a bottle.
If your baby is hungry they want to eat now and don't want to wait for a bottle to warm up in this thing.
I have always just warmed the bottle in the microwave.
SAVE YOUR MONEY AND JUST USE THE MICROWAVE.
It's so much fasterWe just had a new baby boy and I feel like a new mother!
So I hope you find my review just as helpful when deciding on your purchase.
I call this bottle warmer one of the best purchases we've made so far!
So far we use it daily and it's always heated consistantly and quickly (1-2 mins max).
I still ALWAYS shake the bottle and check the temp before giving it to my sonI really like this bottle warmer.
It heats up the bottles well.
My son screams waiting for the warmer to get done.
In my opinion to me it's just as easy to grab a bottle out of the fridge.
It is a nice warmer though and I would recommend it to others just as long as their baby is patient enough to wait the minute or mintue and a half that it takes to warm up the bottleThis is a wonderful must-have.
But most of the time, they are just right.
We simply pour the water into the warmer unit, put in a bottle, and while we are changing her diaper, the bottle is heating.
By the time we are done changing her diaper, the bottle is ready.
We just keep the warmer in her room for convenience.
In the beginning we used, the cooler, but we kept forgetting to put the ice pack back in the freezer after she'd taken the 2nd bottle, so now we just use it for the warmer and it has truly worked out really good for usWe have used this warmer every day since our baby was a few weeks old and we love it.
However, I called the company and they sent new ones that have had no problems.This warmer has been a life saverThis device is great!!!
It heats the bottles to the right temp fast very fast.
Easy to use.
I could not live without it.
The detached cooler is great for trips and family functions.
Keeps the bottles cool to you are reasy for themThis is a great item for nighttime feedings.
I put it on my nightstand so I don't even have to get out of bed to get a bottle.
It holds 2 bottles.
Because my son actually needs 3 bottles during the night, I use a insultated bottle tote to hold his bottlesThis warmer worked great and it was so convenient for the middle of the night feedings to not have to go up and down the stairs.
I used it for almost 3 months and then I went to the microwave.
I know everything warns you not to use the microwave but it works just fine and is much quicker.
It takes a little bit of time to warm up, but does a good job.
But once that is done it is great.
It makes a sizzling sound, but you get used to it and now my son waits for the bottle to warm up and looks at it eagerly, but doesn't cry.
It hold two bottles, but when I bought it my son just decided to drop the midnight feed so now I use it for the 5 a.m. feed only.
Plus, there's nothing taking up counter spaceThis is a good idea in theory, but in reality, what baby will wait 5 minutes for a bottle to warm?
The faster, easier solution is to microwave a few ounces of water in a bowl (we use a large Pyrex measuring cup) until the water is hot and put the bottle in the bowl until it's warm.
The nightlite does NOT provide just enough glow to prepare bottles in the dark - you will break something if you rely on their light.
We're still working on it, though- even though we've had this for about two months (and please note that this is our second one - the first one stopped getting hot after two weeks).
We use Dr. Brown's bottles and they fit perfectly and we don't remove the vent or the nipple like another reviewer had to.
Maybe that's why the bottle doesn't warm the same way each time.
Guess what though - I still use it every night!!!!
(If someone knows of a better warmer, please email meDuring my first pregnancy I received a Night and Day bottle warmer as a gift.
You might be able to use it if you have twins and they only get up once during the night.When I became pregnant a second time, one of the first things I asked for was a Night and Day Bottle warmer.
There are not too many models out there.It is a very simple to use and set up.
There are a couple of different basket holders.
You fill the water to the number on the water holder.When you want to warm a bottle you dump the water into the warmer place the bottle in and hit the button.
Button will glow orange as it warms.
When it is ready the light will shut off.
Very nice when you have toddlers that like to push buttons.Indicator light to tell you when bottle is done.Warms a bottle in the amount of time it takes you to change the diaper.Very stable.
Breaks very easily.
Top will not stay on if lock is broken.Will only hold 2 bottlesDr.
Brown's BottlesUnscrew the top just enough so it does not have a complete seal, then warm bottle.
If you do not unscrew the top or remove the straw, the formula during heating will rise up the straw and flow into the warmer.When I opened the box I discovered one of the water holders was broken.
I emailed First Years and told them about my broken pieces.
I never received a written response but a week later a new cooler and water holder arrived in the mail.The Night and Day Bottle warmer is a must have for Families that have 2 story homes or very large homes.
It is very convenient to remove the bottle from the cooler, place in warmer hit start.
It is my favorite!
As other reviewers mentioned, it is a life-saver!
It makes middle-of-the-night feedings so easy!!
I have a two story home, and love that I don't have to go downtstairs to get a bottle or heat it!
The cooler holds two bottles, which is enough for us, as baby is eating every three hours.
How nice it is to walk into the nursery, take a bottle from the cooler, put it in the warmer, change baby and feed her...all in good time, without leaving upstairs!
I don't feel the need to move the warmer from the nursery during the day because I take baby there to change her before all her feedings anyway.
Seriously folks, this isn't rocket science!
I love itThe only reason why I'm giving this a 1 star is not for the convenience it provides to others, but because it is so not necessary to have...another baby product on the market that is not needed.
I, being a first time mom, wanted all the baby products out there!
Well...I too read all the reviews for this item, registered for it, and received it as a gift.
Well...we found absolutely no use for it.
If you start your baby with warming his milk, then you're only getting him use to it.
I'm sure most everyone either receives the Arrowhead or Sparkletts (or other) bottled water in their homes...well, the water is already at room tempreature...no need to "warm" it up in the bottle warmer device...just add your formula in the bottle, shake and give to your baby!
The only time I warm up the bottle is if it's been in the fridge...at that point, I just run it under hot water to warm it up.
My baby does not have 5+ mins to wait...nor do I!
This bottle warmer will heat your bottle in 1-2 minutes -- it's quick and easy.
The product has held up nicely and doesn't take up too much counter spaceThis has been one of the best gifts that we received for our son!
This item is a lifesaver.
Let me tell you that at 3:00 am, being able to just dump the water in the warmer and add the bottle is a real plus.
Even with just the light of a nightligt, it is easy to use.
This ease of use means that we can complete the feeding and get back to sleep in minimum time.
I love the safety feature of the auto shut-off and you will be amazed at just how quickly it works.
In addition, being able to use it for a variety of bottles, milk storage bags and even baby food jars makes it a product that grows with your babyI wish I would have purchased this bottle warmer from the very beginning.
Little did I know, this bottle warmer works well with Avent bottles as well.
I guess I will have to guestimate at this pointI thought that I just had to have this bottle warmer.
I used Avent bottle (which I love - no gas!!)
It is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in secondsI simply love this machine!
Time over boiling water in a cup to let the bottle or baby food warm up in and worry over is it too hot or too cold still or is it warmed up evenly.
However, I've had the hardest time figuring out how much water to use to warm the bottles.
They have a chart, but it is not geared towards the platex bottles with the drop ins.
HELP!!!
I just started using the mircrowave and it seem to heat faster this way.
It takes forever for the formula to get warm by this productMy children are 12 years apart and I wish they would have had this item with my first.
It is so easy to use and makes those middle of the night feedings just a little more tolerable.
Even though we ended up rarely using bottles, I don't regret this purchase for the reason that it makes the times we DO use bottles much easier.
No complaintsA bottle warmer has many uses.
It takes not quite 2 minutes from refridgerator to warm.
The problem is that even though there's still ice in the bottle the water will be warm and so the heating element that heats the water will shut off after 10 seconds.
What I had to do was shake the bottle to more evenly distribute the temperature through out the bottle and add more cool water to the resevoir 3-4 times.
I would not recommend buying this item.
It is much easier just to the bottle in a glass on warm waterI got this because I knew eventually I'd have to warm bottles even though I am breastfeeding.
I ended up having to use it sooner than I thought, and was so glad I had it on hand.A few times I was not able to produce enough milk so had to supplement with a few formula feedings.
Also when my husband lets me sleep in on weekends, he feeds the baby either formula or some cooled breastmilk if it's available.
Any time we have a sitter we make sure they use this as well.It is SO easy and SO great to use.
Just pour whatever amount of water in it tells you, drop your bottle in and press the button.
Within minutes you have a perfectly warmed bottle for your baby.
No hot spots as microwaves produce and you can even warm baby food jars in this as well.Only a few times I had put too much water in and the bottle had to cool before I fed my son.It's so quick and is perfect for feedings that every mom should own one, even if you think you'll breastfeed exclusively.
I know I thought I would, but not everything works out as you planOk this item is something that has made life so much easier for us.
Firstly let me say that we tried A LOT of different bottles to find the right suction for my son and went through Avent, Gerber Nuk, Evenflo, Playtex with the liners and eventually settled on Playtex Ventaire.
It says it takes 5 minutes, for a full 8oz maybe but with a newborn the bottles warm up in next to no time at all.
I keep a small jug of water next to my bed as well in case I need extra I don't have to go to the bathroom to get more.
The water holders are such a bonus as there is no having to get enough light to look inside to see the "fill line" or anything like that.
It heats pretty evenly and I would recommend this item to anyone wanting a bottle warmer.
We usually just leave the bottles at room temperature, seeing as it's winter, and just warm them from then.
Well worth the moneyHad been searching for these everywhere, I have no clue why Playtex have moved away from these, I am guessing because of fear of allergic reactions but all my babies loved these over the silicone ones.
They are MUCH softer than silicone nipples, which allows for an easier transition.
I recommend these to everyone with a babyMy son liked this until his preference for regular size nipple.
That was, until I met Playtex.
Oh, I could bore you with the details of what i like to call "the bottle wars" that took place in our home last Spring, but I will spare you.
What I will tell you is that when we discovered the Playtex drop-ins WITH, and ONLY WITH, the latex nipples, a cease fire took place and peace was restored to our home.
I like to call these "gas station bottles," which isn't fair, but in some ways an appropriate description: You can find the bottles ANYWHERE.
They aren't snooty like Dr. Browns or the glass ones, but like I and so many of my mama friends have discovered, the reason YOUR moms used them on you and they are still available is because they WORK and WORK WELL.
And thank me laterA nipple our breastfed baby likes!
And the whole Playtex system is so easy and convenient to use.
I wish I had started off with these and not wasted so much time and money on the other fancy and hard-to-clean bottlesI tried to switch my baby to fast from latex natural latch slow at 4 months, but he choked on the faster flow of milk.
I thought he just wasn't ready, but the next day I caught my husband feeding him with a fast flow nipple and he was just fine!
It turns out that they're not all calibrated the same way.
I filled the two we had with water and held them upside down over the sink.
The other dripped so quickly it was almost a steady stream (this is the one baby choked on before).
These nipples don't fit any of my Medela, Evenflo, Avent, or Similac bottles.
I do not recommend this productThese nipples certainly weren't &#34;fast&#34; for anything but water.
Slower than the slow-flow!
The other Playtex nipples I've bought aren't BPA free and they work MUCH betterI got these latex nipples to have 'spare parts' for my vintage baby bottle collection.
It was a decent price, and saved me a trip to go look for themWhen I went back to work after 5+ months of maternity leave, my baby had no interest in drinking from a bottle.
Drop-Ins - 100-ct..
The nipple is very wide and shaped more naturally than other bottles.
I replaced the silicon nipples that are included with the bottles with this rubber nipple and she finally drinks from the bottle and still breastfeeds whenever I am home.
The drop-in bags turned out to be a great benefit of the bottles also.
We went through numerous different bottle/nipple combinations before finally settling on playtex drop-in nursers and these latex nipples.
They're the only bottle/nipple that she will take (won't even take the silicone version of these nipples).
Now every baby is different so this may not be the magic combination for you, and even now she still has her days when she'll reject the bottle, but this was a great solution for us.
If you have a picky baby that won't take any bottles, I would recommend trying these out.
I have used them for 3 kids now and this last time about a third of the nipples we bought were defective, which was disappointing.The flow is between a slow and a medium in the Playtex silicone ones so the label of &#34;fast flow&#34; is a bit off.
However the flow has been just right for my babies so that is not an issue for me.Because of the nature of latex you do go through these faster than silicone ones.
Someone had recommended the latex nipples to me because they are softer than silicone.
We started him on these, and once he was used to it, transitioned to the silicone Playtex nipples.
My boys still use these, though now we also mix in some other cheaper bottles and use these mainly for bedtime.
My sons still nurse occasionally and get breastmilk, and they will take ANY bottle nipple, but for a while this was the ONLY one they would take, so I consider it their favorite.
I recomend these for all new moms.
The air bubbles really do vent out!
My baby wasn't too great about taking a bottle before, but he actually started drinking from these.
I like the angled shape of the bottle because it makes for a more comfortable feeding.The one draw back to these bottles is that there are two extra parts to clean.
I also like that the bottom comes off because It allows for better cleaninggreat bottles, no air at all!
she only drinks from these bottles since she was 3 mos (she's now 11mos).
Would definately recommend itI love these bottles.
Our babysitter got over it fast so she went to walmart and bought some slower-flowing nipples (same brand, same fit) and is swearing by them.
I BF my baby, but when we wean him we'll be sure to get a slower-flow nipple top and just use the fast-flow for his rice cereal/BM concoctions.
If you get this brand of bottle, you'll only be able to use the corresponding parts.For us it's no biggie, it works the best and has so far proven to be a pretty decent investmentMy little one really got angry over the slow flow of the stage one nipples.
although she was young for it, I got her the next ones up and that was entirely too fast.
It was honestly when I used the wide mouth Handi-craft Dr. Brown bottles that I started really noticing a difference.
If you nurse too.... her latch got better with the Dr. Brown's, and after getting rid of theseMy wife and I have been using the Avent bottles with our first child, and have been very happy with them.
High quality, durable, and has a wide nipple so our daughter can go back and forth from bottle to breast.
They do have one more piece than the Avent bottles, but that's not too much of a big deal.
In my mind, the simpler the design is, the better.The things that I do not like as much are relatively minor.
The second is that although the bottle does vent just like it aims to do, it seems that it takes more pressure in the bottle to cause it to vent compared to the Avent bottles.
Third, now that the little one is starting to want to hold her bottle herself, she has a harder time holding these.
Over all, these are minor issues.They are less expensive, so I could see these being a good alternative for some parents.I would grab these in a pinch if there were no Avent bottles, but I'm sticking to the AventBaby has feeding issues so we have to feed him in an upright position (the NICU feed position) Other bottles were hard to use in this position, but the angle of the ventaire makes it so easy.
The bottles have 5 pieces (body, nipple, collar, base and silicone vent) They are easy to clean and assemble, however if you do not dry the pieces well water will drip from around the bottom, or the collar.These are all white so great for boy or girl.
I did however prefer the brighter colors that the old ventaire bottles came in.
This one is more natural to other bottles we have used before and also the ventaire technology is simple yet amazing.
I filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
It didn't, but I still wasn't sure.
Then, I tried the sheet experiment again.
Now on baby number three, I was excited to get the new and improved Playtex bottles.
I love the wide because they are easier for my baby girl to grab hold of and learn to hold her own bottle.What I love about this new style is how very little to no air is sucked in.
Also a great gift for a new mommy to beI use ONLY these with both of my children.
If you are looking for a slow flow bottles, those are the ones.
I have tried several brands, like born free and dr Brown.
Even though Born free claim the nipple is slow flow, but my infant just chokes with milk... Vent Air is easy to assemble and to clean.
I used them with my daughter because it keeps the air out of the bottles, so babies dont have upset tummies.
My son is taking good to them, and they work very well in a bottle warmerThese bottles work very well as long as all parts are totally dry.
I use them at home but would not be confident traveling with themI have been using Avent bottles for my previous two children and after they redesigned them with the insert I found I didn't care for them.
I tried these out as an alternative with my third child and I love them.
I find that this new Advanced bottle has a wider nipple similar to the Avent bottle and that the pieces in the bottom fit better when closing, My baby hasn't had any colic issues with these and we were able to take her off Gripe Water and she still doesn't have issues with colic.
Therefore, I believe these bottles are doing a great job with keeping the air from going through the nipple.
I highly recommend these if you are looking for a wider nipple and something that is easy to clean but will still prevent airflow to your childI can't speak to the 'science' behind the design and if the 'ventAire' does what it claims to.
But they are a good well-designed bottle that our daughter likes.
They are different then most bottles as there is not only the nipple and nipple ring on top but 2 pieces on the bottom that comprise the 'ventAire' system.
In fact it makes cleaning the bottle itself possible with a sponge since with the bottom and top pieces taken off you can put a sponge in from either end.If you are new to bottles though I do highly recommend this as an essential piece of baby equipmentOXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Stand, OrangeThe bottle brush has gotten us up to 15 months, could not have done bottles without it.
It helps for these as well although it is not essential as it is for regular bottles.
In the end our daughter took right to these and the nipples on the 9 ounce ones seem to flow well for an older baby.
If you are willing to keep track of a couple or more pieces per bottle as a good trade off for the 'ventAire' system then these are a good bottle choiceFor the most part I am very pleased with this product.
It is not difficult for a baby to drink from the nipple which is a good and reasonable size.I like the way the bottles come in sections which make clean up jobs easier.
You don't have residual feedings left in these bottles for that very reason.The angled shape make it easy for whoever is holding the bottle.
These bottles were originally recommended to me by a lactation consultant.
It was very important for me to breastfeed my baby and I was afraid of nipple confusion and/or baby preferring bottle and rejecting me.
Lactation Consultant recommended the slow flow nipple and said to never change them to faster ones.I work full time and it was important that my baby be fed the milk I pumped at work.
My baby never had problems going from using these bottles back to nursing.
These bottles are very easy to clean and very easy to use.
My are in perfect working condition and I will be using and buying more if we have more kids.
Highly, highly recommendedWhile my first son almost never spit up, my second spits up ALL the time.
Nothing out of the ordinary, but still a good bit.
It may be because he's getting older and eating more baby food and all, but I'll gladly give credit to the bottles!I'm going to point out a few things about these bottles that we've observed and you can decide whether that part is positive or negative.-After using "straight" bottles, these do take a bit of getting used to.
Two pieces go together at the bottom, and 3 at the top.
I'll admit sometimes it gets to be a pain with so many peices, but most bottles these days have a lot of pieces.-There's different colors, so there's a variety.
I like that the colors are gender neutral.
When you're putting the bottles together it does take a little more time trying to match up the tops and bottoms according to color, but that part isn't absolutely necessary.
The "fast" nipple is VERY fast.
I would prefer and in between.
If you put cereal in the bottle, the fast nipple is perfect for that.
(I think this set only comes with "fast" nipples).Overall, we are VERY pleased with them!
Even my husband is happy with themMy favorite is the Playtex Drop-ins bottles, just because you don't have to wash bottles and can just throw in a new liner, but these are my second favorite.
I bought the wide ones so I can easily switch the nipples to my drop-ins bottles.
The only thing with these is one of them leaks a tiny bit.
They worked great, so when purchasing bottles for our second child, I went ahead and purchased a full set of the VentAire Wide (6 of the 6oz and 4 of the 9oz) along with extra nipples and discs.
Sometimes my little one will suck and suck and make no progress, other times the formula comes out so fast he chokes and gags on it.
I frequently have to replace the top or bottom of the bottle to find a combination that works.
I always make sure the pieces are dry before assembling the bottle and that the bottom vents are free from obstruction.
I'm going out to purchase a couple of different bottles to see if we can find one that works better for usI think this is my baby's favorite bottle nipple shape.Like many others, I was worried these bottles would leak but they don't!
They don't appear to do so, at least not significantly, but my baby is not exclusively bottle-fed.Pros:- They don't leak!- They are super-easy to get very clean (quickly!)
because the bottom comes off.
This is great when I'm out and about without my bottle brush.- The shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too although the 9 oz size is very unwieldy for young babies.- DISHWASHER SAFE!Cons:- Water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water (but once you realize that it's easy to shake it out).- Can't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas.- I wish this set came with an extra vent disk and nipple like the multi-size setOur baby was almost exclusively breast fed from the start.
We were not very diligent on giving her a bottle often so she probably got pretty attached to the breast.
She is now 12 weeks old and since I am going back to work this week, we started being more diligent 2 weeks ago with the bottle.
I also like how the bottle comes apart so that you can clean it wellI don't particularly understand the technology behind this model of baby bottles, but I do know that I see plenty of bubbles end up in the bottles while feeling my daughter.
They are always at the nipple of the bottle.
I normally use the drop-ins bottles and I don't prefer one bottle over the other.
I notice the same amount of burping and fussiness regardless of whichever bottle I use.
Also, I didn't notice at first that the pack came with fast flow nipples, but that was my fault.
I thought something was wrong at first but it was just the wrong nipple, as my baby still requires the slow-flow onesI own 3 sets of these bottles, bought at 3 different times and three different places, and I haven't had a bit of trouble with any of them.
I started out using the Playtex disposables with the natural shape nipple while breastfeeding - and they were great - but when I started the transition to formula gas became more of an issue for my baby.
My best friend and my sister swore by these.
(They both hated the Avent ones.)
I bought these and I haven't looked back.When I bought the first set my baby was still using the slow flow nipples, so I got the 9 oz size, bought slower nipples and just switched them out.
My best friend had warned me that they took a little while for the baby to get used to, and she was right.
She still dribbles a little at almost a year, but she's a baby.
Either I didn't take the time to make sure the disk was fully inserted into the rim, I didn't pull the nipple all the way through the nipple ring securely, or I didn't line up the threads of the nipple ring when I screwed it on so it wasn't on completely.
Sometimes you're just in a rush.
But, I have used these bottles all day, every day for at least 6 months now, and they are holding up beautifully.
I scrubbed and sterilized her bottles daily until she was 10 months old.
Now I just rinse them and put them in the dishwasher.
One of the best pieces of advice I got came from a salesperson at Babies 'R Us.
Then get one or two of the alternate nipples (if the bottle comes with silicone, buy one or two latex).
When the baby comes you can try out just one or two.
If they aren't what you or the baby likes you can return the starter pack and get the ones that work for you.
Smart cookie.
That's how I knew the Playtex bottles and nipples were the right ones for usWE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
The work as advertised, all WE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
The work as advertised, allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.Cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyI probably would not use one as a carry bottle, but for filling right before using...Other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertisedWe used the Starter set in the beginning to bottle feed our baby.
He's now 6-months old and drinks more than 6 oz at a time, we use upgraded our bottles to these 9 oz bottles.
Same great quality as the starter set.
I like how's it's BPA free, leak-proof, and easy to clean.
I also like how the bottle is curved so my baby can kind of hold the bottle on his own.
He's barely starting to hold his own bottle, and the curve really helps.
Anyways, great brandthey do prevent air from being swallowed, but the wide nipple doesn't work with my newborn, who has a small mouth and can't seem to latch onto this well enough without milk spilling now and then.
I \have to shove the bottle into her mouth to prevent spilling which is not fun.
The bottom valve is easy to remove and clean and goes back together like a dream.2.
The wide mouth style was super easy to clean.
Yes, there are some extra parts, but nothing like the Dr. Brown's bottles I used with my son.4.
The baby easily took to the nipples.The only complaint I had was that all the bottles came with fast flow nipples.
If you're buying these for a small baby, you will likely need to replace them with slower flow nipples to start withWe love these bottles!
They do create bubbles when baby is drinking, but the bubbles dissipate almost immediately.
I was hopful they would work well.
No matter what I tried they leaked.
Its not convinient to constantly breast-feed and these bottles are perfect.
The nipple on this bottle is so "real" and is the only one my boy will use.
I find them really easy to clean and I have used these bottles with my now 20 month old twin boys (just without the natural nipples) The bottom piece is a godsend since I dont have to SCRUB to get the gunk out of the bottle!
These are truely great bottles, and they dont leak eitherBaby is not nearly as gassy since we switched to these bottles.
Also very easy to cleanI am a first time mother to twin sons ((now nearly 8 months old)) and I was unable to breastfeed for a few reasons, so I purchased a whole LOT of Avent bottles...
HUGE MISTAKE!First let me tell you, NEVER buy a lot of one type of bottle before having your baby test them out!
I sterlized all the avent bottles, wanting to be prepared when I needed them, and now I have a million of them around the house collecting dust because I cannot return them!
For a few reasons the Avents did not work for us ((not just based on my boys preferances either, I all in all do NOT reccomend those bottles if you or your baby do not like the VentAires!)).
I purchased these bottles and I LOVE them!
They do NOT leak if you put them together properly.
First of all, you must make sure that the bottom of the bottle is secured TIGHTLY, and that the disk is put in correctly for you to get the advantages of the vent system.
The curve allows me to easily feed a baby ((or two!))
They are for keeping the nipple sanitary on-the-go.
Therefore when I need to bring bottles on a day trip, I put the right about of powdered formula into the bottles required, and carry around a large water bottle separately.
If there is still liquid in the bottle, I cary it straight up in the stroller, or cap it with the solid caps ((sold separately...
He also has reflux so we are constantly dealing with spitting up, burping issues, and excess gas.
I originally used the Dr. Browns bottles because I had heard SO many good things about them.
Well, Dr. Brown's bottles did not work for us.
I recently decided to try the VentAire bottle, based on a friend who was happy with them.
I highly recommend these bottles, especially if you are dealing with spitting up and gas issues.
Putting the bottles together is an extra step, but a lot less time consuming than putting together the Dr. Browns bottles, and it's well worth the effortI actually requested this product from the Vine program for a friend who just had a baby and she is pleased as punch with these bottles.
Now, the baby isn't talking but he isn't spitting up or crying uncontrollably with colic either.
Playtes is a trusted product and these bottles are nice and wide and help your baby go from breast to bottle with ease.
These would make a great shower gift as you get three neutral colored bottles and they are nine ounces which as all you good mommies know is the perfect sizeBottle warmer fail.
I hesitated but tried it in the warmer any way on the second use.
First time I warmed the formula in a Dr. Brown bottle, this time I didn't want to create extra clean up work for myself.
I have used Avent (review) Dr. Brown's (review not yet written) and these.
These are awesome!
Even your husband can figure it out!
Now that is easy if a man can figure out the fine art of bottle assembly and dissasembly.
The wider bottle is easier for an adult to hold but seems heavier if your baby tries to.
Overall, 5 starsThe vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
The flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
However, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.Other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak.
There are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.I have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
The nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference.
I prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.As far as reducing gas, I haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andThe First Years Breastflow Bottlewhich I also use.
I typically prefer The First Years bottle because of the slower flow.
However, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.Overall, this is a fine baby bottle despite the minor drawbacksthese bottles were recommended by our pediatricianthey really do help lessen swallowed air and in turn baby gaswhich helps lessen spit upI like these bottles, they are good for breast-fed babies.
His mother started classes and is away for 9 hours a day.
My breastfed baby goes back and forth between the breast and the bottle so easily with these.
The shape is great for holding and the colors are nice and generic.Highly recommendedWe've used these and the AVENT bottles.
We tried her first bottle at about 4 weeks and she never had any trouble switching back and forth once I went back to work.
These have also seemed to work great for keeping down burps and spitup, and though there is one extra piece as compared to the AVENT, it's not a big deal and the pieces are all large enough that they don't fall through the weave in a bottle dishwasher basket.
(They also give you extras of the most easily lost part, the vent cover thing.
We also wanted some more fast nipples, but I wasn't sure what came with this set (it didn't seem to say anywhere).
Well, we got the "neutral" colors (green, blue, yellow) and only fast nipples, which is perfect.
We tried pretty much all other bottles.
With the extra time and energy that goes into cleaning them they are really worth itThis is the only bottle/nipple our breastfed baby would take expressed breastmilk in.
These ones have NO BUBBLES!
which means its probably better feeling for baby!
The size one flow is perfect for my son.
He burps as soon as you sit him up (this might just be because he is a fast burper?
I thought these would be perfect to try with him.
He definitely spits up alot less with these bottles, there are far fewer bubbles in the bottle, too.
She loves the bottles, too, and says these are all she uses now.
Personally I prefer the wide bottles, they seem easier to hold but that could be because I'm dealing with my 2 kids at the same time as the baby.I used a much more expensive brand with my last baby who is 4 now.
Wish I had known these existed, they're far easier to clean and much easier on the walletMy experience with these bottles was overall great.
I like that the bottoms come off as well as the tops, this makes for easier cleaning.
In my opinion, when it comes to bottles, many moms have their own idea of which type is best, i feel that this is a bottle worth consideration by the first time mom, as well as the 2nd, 3rd, or 4th time mom.
It all boils down to personal preferences, and to what your baby likes best.However, I recommend buying ONE to begin with, then buying this set if you liked the one.
There were several different bottles i had received as gifts, that just didn't work for me, and they went wasted with no use from meI tried the orginal VentAires to help my baby with gas, but he didn't seem to like those nipples at all, so when I found these I bought them right away.
He loves these and does so much better with the nipples.
I find them easier to put together and clean then the regular VentAires alsoThis bottle works great with my Medela pump in style, using the Playtex Breast Milk Storage Kit.
I like that this bottle can use the same nipple as the Dropins.
Our daughter has never had any issues transitioning between breast and bottle.
Playtex offers a variety of nipple (slow,medium,fast,variable,&cereal;) flows so it is easy to find a nipple flow that matches your flow :), also a very important factor when switching.
My daughter has never had any problems with spit up or cholic so I all I can say is that these bottles didn't create any problems.Pros to using the VENATIRE WIDE/NATURAL SHAPE is that they're reusuable so no additional cost like the dropins.
They're really easy to clean since they come apart, and the parts are easy to clean.
You don't have to use the bottle rings that come with the kit, as they fit right on the adapter.
So really, I would recommend looking for the deluxe/premium storage kit.When you're ready for the bottle just warm up some water in the microwave, and then plop the bottle into the water.
We warm Dropins this way too, it's a little faster since the liners are thinner).When the bottle is warm remove the sealing disc, & the insert the nipple.I have never tried freezing milk in the bottles although I know that the storage kit is advertized to be able too.
This system has turned out great for if lil' one finishes her bottle and is still hungry but doesn't need another entire feeding, just put a cube or two in...no wasted milk!OVERALL, THIS BOTTLE IS A GREAT CHOICE FOR THE BREASTFEEDING MOM WHO CAN'T BE READILY AVAILABLE 24/7I can't even use this bottles yet because they arrived with FAST flow nipples, although the picture clearly shows a box with SLOW flow ones!
Thanks amazon.
UrghGot this for a shower.
don't know if they work.
baby isn't even born yet.
guess they will do the jobMy three month old daughter is breastfed and we thought we'd give these bottles a go.
I was hopeful that she might like the VentAire bottles, but they were a fail.
We tried both the slow and fast flow nipples in these bottles and she wasn't able to get anything out of the bottle with either flow rate.
It was disappointing to say the least.Even though the bottles didn't work for us, I'm sure they probably work well for someone's baby, so I will try to give you a run down on the bottles contained in this set.
The set contains three nine ounce bottles with the fast flow nipple.
There are no additional replacement valves for the vent with the set as there are in the newborn starter set.Other reviewers have stated that they had leaking issues with these bottles.
In the few times that we attempted to use these bottles we didn't have any leaking issues, but I'm sure they could happen given that the bottom screws on and has holes in it that are covered with the silicone valve vent.The bottles feel pretty comfortable in your hand.
I have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold, so I think it's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.When it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles, but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on.
Personally, I'd pass on these bottles and try either the Avent bottles or the Playtex Drop InsMy husband and I were beside ourselves with our newborn trying to find a bottle that she would like and wouldn't create extra air.
She finally liked the Playtex Ventaire!!
The key is the WIDE nipples...
I am nursing as well and you have to get the wide nipples.The only thing is the fast nipples (which is what they come with) are way too fast... (we started her on these bottles at 4wks...
I had to buy the wide MEDIUM flow WIDE nipples and they work great).
She's now 7 wks and the fast nipples are still too fast... we just tried this am!
Good luck to you but definitely give these a tryI like the VentAire bottles, they are easier for my baby to hold while eating, and do seem to reduce gas.
Those are small problems though, i would still recommend using these bottles, my son loves drinking from themWe are loyal to the Soothie line of bottles and so forth, they have always worked well for us.
She didn't seem to like the shape, and it was kind of awkward for her.
And the bottle will not fit in most warmers.
I have 12 of them.
they were great.
I have some of the more $$ ones and those leaked.
Not playtex wide ventAire.
THey were excelent.
great if you are breastfeeding (wide nipple only).
I realized that you can never have too many bottles with my boyThese bottles are perfect.
I love the shape of them because they are easy to hold.
This shape is also designed to help prevent ear infections according to the manufacturer.
These are pretty pastel colors and are easy to clean.
A must have for your baby!
We like the fact that there is not so much air getting into the baby's tummyMy seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old.
We started with the Playtex Drop-ins.
I have been very happy with those bottles, but sometimes I hate dealing with the inserts.
These bottles are the perfect companion.
I do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because I can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.The bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom.
My son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
Fast is just too fast for him.
He moved up to the medium at 2.5 months, but I don't see him moving up any time soon.
I would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.Overall, a great bottle.
The bottles are easy to clean and sanitize.
For my little one the fast-flow nipples were a little fast, but I was able to get slow-flow nipples for the bottles and it worked perfectlyThese were great at first, we loved the size and "tilt" feature.
We also use some formula that might be clog-prone, but we didn't have this problem with our other brand of bottlesWe've been relatively happy with these bottles, but I think we may have gone with something different if we had done any research.
We got these from the lactation consultant's office a day after our daughter was born in a panic of needing to buy something.
The bottom stopper does take a bit of attention to make sure formula isnt remaining there after washing though.
Dont use a bottle brush and put it through the bottom stopper... it can cause it to tear and leak.
We havent been able to identify the exact cause, because as far as we can see, they're clean and assembled correctly.
The only time we had a consistent leak to troubleshoot, it was due to the bottom stopper having a tear in the inner ring.Replacement parts: I'm really confused as to why the bottom stoppers are not available in most stores.
So we have nine bottles and eight nipples.
Parents in our parent's group seem to all use something different and they all seem happy with their choice whether it was the Dr. Browns, Medela, etcI'm happy with these bottles so far though they are a bit slow with feeding.
My baby took to it easily and he's both a bottle fed and breast fed babyI absolutely love these bottles.
When I brought my newborn home I wasn't sure what to use.
I knew that Playtex was good but I had problems telling how many oz.
When I found the VentAire collection I thought it was great because both my husband and myself had problems with ear infections as children.
He refused to take the regular VentAire so I tried the Natural Shape and have never gone back.
It is the best bottle that I have ever seenWe tried several different types of bottles.
Our baby actually burps less using these than with breastfeeding.
There are multiple parts to wash but since they work so well I don't mind it at allThese bottles really work!
I found the same results from Avent bottles, but those cost more.
You should also know that if you plan to pump into these bottles you will need an adapterThis Playtex 3 pack BPA Free VentAire 9 Ounce Wide Bottles are for my grandson and according to my daughter are perfect for himI bought one of these bottles because i likes the idea of being more like the breast, and i wanted to breast feed.
I couldnt breastfeed but my son only really likes "dome" type nipples.
I tried giving him this bottle and he couldnt get anything out of it!
He was just sucking air.
I tried twisting the top of the nipple to "open" the hole and tried again.
I use the normal ventaire ones and he love them and has no problemI was happy to try these Playtex VentAire Natural Shape bottle's for my daughter.
They have discolored greatly, yucky stuff was caked on inside the inner tubing, very hard to clean out, but most of all they constantly leaked after a month or two of owning.
If you make them to tight they leak, to loose they leak, very fine line.... soo when I had the opportunity to try these out and had something to compare them to I was quite happy to do so.Right off the bat I liked the design of them, and the way the top was angled.
The nipples are natural shaped and my daughter went from the old bottles to these without any hesitation or trouble to the nipple.
The state 2 nipples are fast flow and for her were perfect.
The last thing you want is to travel and have your bottle leak, or spill coming out of the cap areas.
Of course flip a bottle upside down most will leak from the nipple.
It has a unique leak-proof bottom vent that controls bubbles and an angled 9-oz.
Includes stage 2 fast flow nipples.
Comes in light purple, light blue and light green colors.
Imported.
6.75Hx2.25" dia.
This is the only nipple my new baby likes.
She didn't like the nipples that her older twin brother/sister used.
lol2.
Ergonomically correct in shape.
Easy for me to hold, and for the baby to hold as well.
Since the bottle curves upwards, the weight of the bottle is dispursed centrally so the baby has an easier time holding it.4.
Doesn't leak if you have it screwed on correctlyOrdered these bottles and am very happy with my purchase.
They ar BPA Free and today that is a biggie.
Will definately buy againI love the Ventaire line of baby bottles but these are by far my favorite.
The wide bottle makes it easier for baby to hold on to while the feeder is also able to hold on to assist the baby.
I don't think Ventaire can get any better than theseWe used these several years ago with our breatfed son and hated them.
It's a bigger silicone ring, much like the nipple, but the center isn't solid so that the bottom of the bottle can 'breathe' and let air in.
I tried these with our daughter who is honestly too old for a bottle just to see what she would say.
She CHUGS.
Not once did she have to stop out of frustration with the flow or to let air in.
With the old design, sometimes you still had to take the bottle from the baby to let the air catch up.
The bent shape is perfect - not too much, not too little.
They require very little, if any, actual suction to remove the fluid from the bottle, so it's easy for baby to be lazy with the bottle, and consequently, to want to be a lazy nurser.
While the baby has to work a bit to have an active flow, if baby is sleepy, there will be breastmilk/formula dripping whether baby is sucking or not.I like these better than the Dr. Brown's version because there are fewer parts and the nipples seem to be more than moms' in design.
Babies will certainly voice their opinions, but if you're in need of something that helps eliminate air and potential gas, these may be a good choiceThis is the only bottle I've used for my baby.
It keeps air from her tummy and ventilates perfectly.
I've been using it since day one after being a nanny for many years and seeing how different bottles act differently.
The ventilation system helps keep my baby's acid reflux under control.
Plus, the bottom comes out so you can just use a sponge to clean the bottle.
You don't have to use a bottle brush if you don't need to.
They came very quickly, well packaged.
Excellent productScientific ingenuity at it's best.
I love that Playtex always seems to put it's best foot forward when it comes to the health and comfort of our little ones.
Thanks PlaytexMy daughter (5 months old) has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried Dr. Brown, evenflo, Gerber NUK, pretty much every kind we could find, and still no luck.
In addition to the nipple being good, they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
They come apart easily (into 4 pieces: nipple, bottle, bottom air vent, bottom ring to hold the air vent on) and are a lot easier to clean than some of the other types of bottles we've had that have a lot of smaller pieces.
It does seem to reduce the baby's gas problems.
Be aware the playtex nipples come in slow flow and fast flow.
We tried many styles/brands of bottles and the Playtex VentAire bottles worked best for us and our daughter - we definitely noticed a lot less spitting up when we used these bottles.The design of the bottle easily reduces the amount of air that baby consumes, and when assembled properly there are no issues with leaks whatsoever.
The wider nipple base makes it easier for babies who are transitioning from breast to bottle, and you can purchase nipples with a different flow rate so you don't have to purchase new bottles as your baby's needs advance.I love that Playtex now makes their products BPA free, it's just one more thing to love about their products.As with any of the newer style bottles that are designed to reduce spit-up/colic/gas there are a few extra bottle parts to clean and assemble - with these bottles it is he vent piece that goes in the bottom of the bottle, and the plastic ring that holds it into place.
This is a minor draw-back really as it only takes a moment to clean these, and I actually like that it allows me to get the bottle brush all the way through the body of the bottle and clean it thoroughly.
Any bottle that does not have an opening at both ends really limits how clean you are able to get it.Overall we are very happy with these - they're affordable and work very well for us - highly recommendedmy daughter didn't like these to much, but she did burp less with these.
if your transitioning from breast to bottle don't use these that's where I messed up atThese bottles are the best I have used.
They come in attractive colors, but most importantly, they are great for semi-upright feeding.
The angle of the bottle body actually does help reduce gas and spitups in my baby as claimed by the company.
These bottles are great for storing breastmilk or formula for quick feedings and the nipple shape is "natural" meaning it's more like the shape of a real nipple.
The caps for the bottles snap on really well and prevent spills if the bottle gets tipped over.Although there are several parts to be cleaned after each use (the nipple, cap, vent disk, bottle body) all of the parts are easy to clean and can be sterilized safely using a microwave sterilizer.
I will never use any other bottle but these againFirst off, this particular bottle set came with fast flow nipples.
Slow flow nipples can be bought as an add-on item here, and I couldn't find slow flow nipples at any of my local stores.
As far as I can see, there aren't medium flow nipples for this bottle.
My baby had mild colic (unable to BF, so he's a formula baby) and after trying Avent, Evenflo and MAM, found that these bottom-venting bottles worked the best for reducing air bubbles in my baby.
This is my third babyWhen a couple has a baby, it opens up a whole new range of possibilities and choices, the vast majority of them on uncharted territory.
We've all read about nipple confusion and it concerned me since my kids attend daycare and I still nurse when I'm with them.
All three of my kids took to this bottle with no issues and I like that you can take them completely apart for cleaning.
The two size option is good as your baby grows and his appetite followsI tried some of the originals of this product when they hit the market.
We had a very colicky baby and tried anything we could to help her.
We tried the regular size but when he was younger it created some bad habits for when he nursed.these wide nipples keeping him latching correctly.
The down side is there are 6 pieces per bottle, the upside is that they're easy to clean thoroughlyThese are a nice shower gift because just about every new mom gets newborn-size breastfeeding bottles, but these are a great transition item (kind of like giving a new mom a size 6 months onesie, so she has more than just the first month covered).
It's a nice touch that they are BPA freeDr.
The number of parts to clean is comparable to Dr. Brown's bottles, but Dr. Brown's bottles at least provides you with a cleaning brush to clean the interior nipple; with Playtex, you're out of luck.
They leaked around his mouth and did not pressure equalize as well as the non-BPA bottles he has been using.
But they fit well into the hand and the angle is goodAll of the bottles out there have slightly different features.
We used many types of bottles with our first baby and he did have some colic problems, so we decided only to use Playtex VentAire with our second baby.
While these may be doing something, the results are not miraculous as gas/colic is an issue we still experience.We never experienced leaking with these bottles and do not think there are any disadvantages that these bottles have to others out there.
We have tried both the wide bottles and the smaller kind, and they both work the sameThese bottles were a gift at our baby shower.
USE CAUTIONI bought these bottles for my baby who is a big spitter.
I will be calling Playtex to request a refundThese are great baby bottles.
It is easy to clean as the parts come apart simply.
9oz is a good size bottle for growing babies and their tremendous appetites.
It leaks and is cheaply made.
The bottom line is the basic 99 cent bottle at your local supermarket will do the jobAfter quite a few issues breastfeeding I went to multiple support group sessions in my county, all the lactation consultants recommended this bottle especially if you have to supplement or have other issues.My daughter at 4 months goes back and forth beautifully (great for a working mom!
)A bit frustrating that my pump is not compatible (Avent) so I have storage bottles and feeding bottles and somehow I managed to get two systems with lots of little parts but my girl is happy and healthy so it's all worth itThis set is great for a baby that is a few months old and is drinking more.
I received the neutral kit that included green and yellow bottles that would be appropriate for either a boy or girl.
You get three 9 ounce bottles with fast flow nipples.
I have the newborn Playtex kit and continue to use the slow flow nipples because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down.
The nipples are also supposed to be naturally shaped to aid in breastfeeding, but my baby is exclusively fed pumped milk, so I cannot attest to that ability.The bottles are different because of the Ventaire technology.
The bottom of the bottle twists off and a rubber vent fits inside.
Tiny holes in the bottom of the bottle allow air to escape, so your baby is not taking in extra air while eating.
Very cool.The bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating.
This helps reduce gas and supposedly colic.
It comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.All of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly, making transporting milk easier.
Cleaning is easy, just twist off the top and bottom and remove the nipples and vents.
All parts have held up well through multiple washings.I would highly recommend these bottles.
I have also used Avent, and they are good, but I do believe the Ventaire technology has made my baby less gassy and less fussyI primarily breastfeed my kiddos, but I like to keep a few bottles on hand to help when I'm not around.
These have been some of my favorite bottles that I've used with my son.
You do want to make sure that you've got all of the pieces attached correctly or they will leak.
I like that they are dishwasher safe and the 3 pack is a convenient sizeReviews on baby bottles are wide ranging.
What works for some babies doesn't always work for others.
All I can say is that these have been perfect for us.
No spills.
Slow / medium / fast nipples have brought our nine month old along perfectly.
i used these bottles for over a month, and her gaseiness was goneThese bottles are horrible, first I got only two of this brand because of an emergency since I've always used Dr. Browns but they got contaminated in the dishwasher, so I had to run and get at least two of this meanwhile cause Dr. Browns wide neck are hard to find at retailers in my area, so we used these two bottles for 2 days first they come with fast flow wich is Waaay to fast for my little guy and I would say any other baby younger than 6 months old, so I decided to get two nipples medium flow, guess what still fast, specially if You have a gassy baby, then in the last try I got the slow flow and guess what again, tooooo slow, It was like a nightmare, I had to use the small 4ozs Dr. Browns I had at home wich my baby is already drinking 5 ozs so...
Dr. B best bottles ever specially for gassy babiesThis is an excellent product that works as advertised.
The bottles don't leak, they're easy to clean, and the nipple is much better than most other baby bottles.
It does not include extra nipples.
For only $20, you can get thePlaytex VentAire ADVANCED BPA Free Wide Bottle Newborn Starter Set, which includes FIVE bottles, several extra nipples of different sizes, extra bottle caps, and extra vent disks.
The right nipple, the right angle and right delivery all play into the success of the bottle.
Following the directions is important and it takes a little practice.
She said it was a little frustrating at first but once both mom and baby got it figured out, feedings went wellI have a six month old, and we're transitioning into solid foods and into faster-flow bottles, as he no longer needs the slow flow bottles he's been using.
I obtained these bottles through the Amazon vine program, and am deciding whether I'll just use these, or if I'll buy the medium-nippled bottles in the medala line, as we've been using those bottles for months 1-6.I'll probably buy the medala ones.
My baby isn't particularly picky; he'll drink from anything, so, for me, it's about 1) how easy is it to clean; and 2) how easy is it to hold?
And these fail on both those accounts.My baby needs to transition down the line to using a cup.
I don't see how this curved design will help him do that.
And there's been no benefit in my comfort level in holding them while he drinks, so I don't see that as a benefit.
I bought 1 of these becasue my son used to use Avents.
he hated the nipple on the bottle.
The bottle itself is fine.
I love how it comes apart becasue it makes it so easy to clean.
It is kind of hard to hold becasue it is so wide though.
I can't take off too many stars for my son's personal preference but just because a baby likes one natural nipple doesn't mean he will like anotherI love these bottels.
After using glass bottles with a standard nipple for a few weeks, my baby decided that the nipple was to small.
These wide bottles are perfect for him as I am still nursing him while he is not at daycare.
Makes it easy for him to go from bottle to breast with no problems.
The angled bottle makes it easy to feed letting in no air.
Highly recommendedI used these for literally a few days after my son was born.
Then I switched back to the bottles my daughter had used a couple years prior.
Playtex makes decent sippy cups but their bottles are uselessI started with Dr. Browns bottles but since I don't have a dishwasher I was ready to shoot myself when cleaning them.
He has a fit if you take the bottle out of his mouth.
I thought that would make him super gassy but it hasn't at all.I haven't had any leaks (I have 12 bottles) and I even use a warmer although they recommend not using one.
Love that it comes in two colors, multiple sizes prepared, and that you have a decent quantity includedI'm having a baby girl but wanted a different color since there is so much pink in her closet so didn't want any more pink.
Decided to go with the Sage and it looked like a light green online but when we received it, it was a different darker green than what is shown.
I have quite a few clothes that needed sorting and baby isn't due for another 8 weeks but once baby gets here I didn't want hubby to just go in and pick ANYTHING, thus the need for clothes organizers.
I'm sure if it wasn't for husbands there really would be no need for theseThese have been really fantastic.
I can easily look in baby's closet and see how much and what types of clothes I have for each age group.
I can easily plan ahead and get the right clothes on sale instead of having to go grab full price clothes at the last minute because baby is overheating in the summerI do enjoy this, as it enhances the organization of baby's closet.
So even though there's only 5 tags, you can put a new sticker over top of the old one as baby grows.
The tags are also reversible and can be labeled on each sideA friend recommended I get this and I am really glad she did.
I received tons of clothes at my shower and these really did help me organize all of it before my baby came and organization was out of the questionIts everything I was expecting!
I loved how its really easy to just peel off the sticker sizes and could re-use as your baby growsThis product has helped me keep my son's closet organized as he grows.
Now I can keep different sizes in the closet while staying organizedI have to be honest.
I bought these in yellow because they were cheaper than the others.
I am glad I did.
As soon as my daughter was born, I found myself with a closet full of clothes, and no real way to organize them.
Glad I got these with my first baby, because I will definitely be re-using for the next one.
Great price and great for keeping the closet organized.
It comes with a pack of stickers that continue on in sizes way past the toddler years.
LOVE ITThis is a great product to help keep your baby's closet organized, newborn to 12 months old.Now if only the different baby clothes brands could sync up their sizes!!!!
Our 8 month daughter can wear various clothing pieces from "Size 3 Mos" up to "Size 12 mos" depending on the brand/material/etc.
Even when you organize your closet using these spacers, when you eventually do come to that "bigger size" you may find it won't fit your baby because of different brand measurements!My tip would be to correlate these hangers to your baby's age, not the size on the clothing tag.
I am a organizer and these are perfect for organizing your childs closetAfter my baby shower, I received so many baby clothes of different sizes.
These organizers made my job easier with hanging and finding baby clothes at the correct sizeI'm glad I bought these and it would be really helpful if the hubs would actually read the labels so I wouldn't have to reorganize every weekSimple....effective...nothing fancy...works fine for me!
I will be using these until my son is two and then I'll have to buy some moreSo cute, organizes the closet so I can easily see where the certain sizes are.
A definite must for a nurseryThese look great in the closet and do what they do: organize clothing by size.
Not essential, but I'm happy I bought themI just wished it was wider to fit more loosely on my closet rod.
It fits kind of tight on my thick closet rod.We have a custom thick hanging rod, so it doesn't run smoothly.But I'm sure it will fit fine in standard closets.It's a great organizing toolThese work pretty well in my son's closet!
I love that it pops up on top of the rod so I can see what it says.
Color - the color is rich and very noticeable hanging in the closet.2.
This ensures that these organizers will be useful for many years, as once child outgrows a certain size, that organizer can be recycled into the next size up.4.
I highly recommend this product to any expectant parent who enjoys having everything organizedLove this.
My husband was getting confused in my baby's closet whenever he had to get clothe for her and this helps him differentiate the different size clotheI got these after we announced we were pregnant to help keep track of all of those awesome gifted baby clothes.
It was super easy to see what we had, and as folks asked what we needed, I was able to say &#34;more 6 months clothes&#34;.
I've been using them since we started my son on Solids and love them.
I also love the color variety of spoons it comes withThese are wonderful baby spoons.
Just the right size for littlest mouths.
I wash them in the dishwasher without issues.
They're titled &#34;take & toss&#34;.
The &#34;take' makes sense as they are inexpensive and loosing one would be merely inconvenient.
But as to &#34;toss&#34; I find washing and keeping a much more reasonable approach.
A nice producti have these for my diaper bag and sometimes i toss them, but sometimes i mix them up with the other spoons and put them in the dishwasher.
They go nicely thru the dishwasher so haven't tossed any yet.
Very easy to hold, colorful, and sturdyThese are a must have, used with both my children.
(My other spoons have metal handles.
So far?
They are thicker and more durable than I expected and fit great in the diaper bag, yet the handles aren't too short to use them as an everyday spoon.
I am super impressed with theseGreat deal.
So all in all just rightWe love these spoons!
The quality is surprisingly great for the price.
I love that I don't have to worry about pitching them, if we are out somewhere and it's easiest to do so.
However, we do try and wash them for re-use sometimes if possible, and they have held up greatThese are great spoons!
They were super affordable and they are a great sized spoon fir my 5mo olds mouth.
They are small and wash wonderfully, and they fit in our bag to bring around with us.
These are a huge bargain and i was very impressedInitially, we had purchased the Munchkin 6-pack Soft Tipped Infant Spoons and loved them.
They aren't as pretty or quite as sturdy, but they are great.
The colors are wonderful.
And with the amount that you get, if you lose one or two, it's no great loss.
If we'd started with these, we'd have been fully stocked from the startLove these spoons- lots to have and toss in the lunch box for the day.
It is amazing how many spoons you can go through in one dayI bought these spoons for our first family vacation with a 9 month old.
We were gone 5 days which included a 12 hour drive there and back.
These spoons were great!!
I will definitely purchase these for any future vacations and will even keep spares in my diaper bag in case I forget to pack his normal spoonsThese spoons are the perfect size for first feeders.
The bowl of the spoon is narrow and not too deep, so the food actually gets into my son's mouth.
These are really light too, unlike the spoons that have metal conponents.
These work the best, are cheap and are BPA free and recyclableA great value.
I bought one set and it's lasted me over 6 months.
My baby girl had no issues with theseWe purchased to have this as a &#34;to go&#34; spoon, and it ended up being a favorite spoon.
Best for ages 6mo-10mo, after that they bite too much and want more substantial spoonI don't know why they call these &#34;take and toss&#34;, because I bought a pack and I've been using them ever since.
We just wash them in warm, soapy water and use them over and over again.
Since we don't have a dishwasher, it's awesome to have a huge supply of baby spoons in case we don't get around to washing all the dishes right away.
These spoons are incredibly easy to clean (NOTHING sticks to them!
), comfortable, and gentle on babies' sensitive gums (though they are plastic, not the rubber-tipped kind).
We love these, and they're a great way to save moneyI love these.
Perfect size for little bites, and in my opinion perfect for any age of baby.
They are light weight, easy to hold small amounts of pur&eacute;ed food and I love that they are dishwasher safe.
The package claims top rack safe, but I have been able to wash them with the rest of the silverware on the bottomThese spoons are great, I keep a few in a diaper bag, a few at grandmas - etc.
I give one to my son as I feed him.
Its a great setthese hold up in dishwasher and if upside down you can spin it works as fun game when trying to get in last bite, I always have extra spoons on handI bought these since my son has just turned four months old.
I was surprised when some said they used them as disposable baby spoons.
The plastic used to make them is pretty sturdy so I would definitely re-use them.
There are no unsightly scratches or discoloring.My pack arrived with blue, green, purple, yellow, orange and PINK spoons.
I have a daughter, so, it was a pleasant surprise.The size is perfect for my 9 month old daughter's little mouth.
I have a 3 year old and although it is on the small size for him, it is still large enough for him to get enough food on the spoon and into his mouth.
The tips are soft and rounded, and gentle on baby's gums.
My only complaint is the handles are a little shorter than I would perfer, but still perfectly functionalWe have 2 of these mirrors, one in my sedan and one in my husbands SUV.
It is great in my car, and we have had no problems.
It is a nice big mirror and I can see my daughter very well, without it blocking my rear window.
The SUV is a different story.
Since the car seat is in the middle, there is no head rest to attach it to, and so we have is all rigged up with bungie cords to keep is secure.
Even so, it is still better than the other mirror we tried initiallyI bought this mirror because it was far larger than the adjustable suction-cup mirror I had on the rear windshield of my car.
I tried just using the strap, but that is supposed to go around the headrest, and there is no headrest for the center of the backseat, just the right and left sides.
Since the safest place for a baby is in the headrest-less center, the strap was out.
Highly impractical for any vehicle with a leather interior or with a rear seat that folds down in the middle.
It is wide enough to see the entire car seat and baby, and fits perfectly on the headrest.
We wound up having to put two jumbo baby diaper pins into the headrest and secure the straps that way.
If you have leather interior, this won't be a very appealing option.
We're expecting baby #2 soon and will purchase one more of these since they do work well, so just make sure you get those pins to go along with itI purchased this mirror because it looked like a great way to keep an eye on the kids while on the road... well, it's a great size, it's very clear, and I love the pattern on it... but it won't stay put!!
), but I would definately look into other options as wellOur car does not have a middle headrest and we have leather seats, so if I had read these reviews first, I might not have registered for this mirror.
I'm certainly glad that I have it now!
My husband rigged it up on one of the side seat headrests without too much trouble and it works just fine.
If your car is like mine, be prepared for some fiddling, but it will work.
It's on there very securely and hasn't moved in the three months we've had it.I love being able to glimpse at my son when we are driving around, just to see how/what he is doing.
A friend of mine doesn't have the mirror and she turns around at every stop to check on her son (we can't help it - we're first time moms).By the way, we were concerned about it becoming a projectile in a crash, but, when we had the carseat installation checked by our insurance company, they said it was secure enough and not to worry.
The mirror was easy to install in our Jeep Grand Cherokee and we liked that there were no extra lights, sounds or cartoon characters.NOW...after a few sneezes in the carseat, the mirror was covered with spots.
We tried to clean it, but the whole surface just smeared!
Now the mirror is useless and I'm not very happy at all about having to replace it.Just be careful.....Don't clean it if it's not absolutely necessary, and then be ready for permanent smearsI bought this mirror when our daughter was a few weeks old and I don't see how I lived without it when I had my first two boys.
It is great!
It's good in a SUV or something like that so I use it in my mom's Blazer and it works goodThis stove guard looks okay and was a breeze to install.
It has easy removal for washing.
My toddler son is one and he is a little tall.
He can yank it and still get to the stove.
So we just keep him in another room when we are cooking.
Out kitchen is odd shape so child proof gates don't fit.
I think if or baby is not that strong and tall, this would probably work greatThe design is ideal.
Perhaps there is a heavier duty tape?
Instead I will just Velcro it on with my heavy duty velcro.
Again, the design is ideal, it just needs to remain in place, and I am confident I can get to stickThis is a good enough idea, but it doesn't work.
My son is tall, and was reaching up for pans, and is now unable to get to them.
I am very pleased with this productI used it for a few days and I felt very safe but as soon as I washed the stove the 3m stickies came off.
However, the other is still holding strong, so I don't know if it was the heat or if it got pushed/pulled too often.
$20 for this?
So when the baby reaches up and touches it, it's not cool to the touch.Does it keep him from putting his hand on the hot burners?
My glass stovetop is exposed on three sides, and I haven't yet found an effective way to block the stovetop from my toddlersI'm confused by all the bad reviews as the tape on this product stuck to the surface of our stainless steel stovetop for over 5 years before I removed it with a razor blade!
I do plan to use some rubbing alcohol to clean the stovetop edge where I plan to put the tape.
Maybe that's what did it last timeThis guard has been fantastic.
These apply really easy with double sided tape that is included and have withstood the heat.
Easy to open and quick to snap right back into the locked position.
Baby can't open the over door at all.
Great purchase, would recommend to anyone with kids.
Sidenote: Amazon prompted the rating of the educational value and 'fun' value of this item and would not allow the review without it.
Hopefully I can help out another mom by posting this review.
It turns out they do not fit.
Not even closeThese converters worked perfectly with my Medela Swing Breast Pump and my Medela Pump in Style.
I loved not having to transfer milk from one bottle to anotherThe kit came with two sets of adapters to connect directly from the Medela pump to most bottles, the one pair fits Avent (old & new style Natural) bottles perfectly.
So much more convenient to pump directly into normal 4/9oz bottlesNow I can pump right into my bottles with my Medela pump.
You do need the adapter rings that come with the bottles though.
I have used these many times and I have not any leaking problems.
Although, I did listen to other reviews and I do use the blue sealing disk when using the avent bottles that require them.
Huge Timesaver.
It really cuts down on the amount of time it takes to make my baby's bottles now because I can pump directly into her bottles.
I use this with the Medela Pump In Style Advance.
This has two for the bottles and two for the Via nursers.
Love itI use these with my Medela pump.
We love Avent bottles.
I didn't want to buy Medela nipples and rings.
Now I pump right into bottle and don't use bags.
So glad I got this because I was sick of pumping into the medela bottles came with my pump & then transferring the milk into the AVENT bottles so giving me extra bottles to wash all the time!
Just make sure you still use the ring to seal the converter to your bottle or you will spill your milk everywhere!
i definitely recommend getting some extraPhilips AVENT Adaptor Bottle Rings(to prevents leaks) - they're small and easy to loseI bought these so that I can attach my Avent bottles directly to my Medela breast pump.
It connects perfectly and makes it easy for me to pump direct into the bottle rather than having to transfer the milk from container to container and risk contaminating it.
Just don't transport with it attachedit does the job that i wanted it to do...which is to fit a medela pump and pump directly into an avent bottle.
i finally figured out that you need to use the inner rubber ring with the converter.
I am going to clear out all of my "normal" bottles and only have the avent bottles in the house.
The products work as described with no leaking and attach easily to my Medela pump.
Love that you can buy the Avent in a two pack for your double pump.
I had to buy the Tommee Tippee converters individuallyThis products comes with 2 different conversion rings (2 of each).
I have been using one of the two types of conversion cap for my Medela pump and Avent glass bottle and it fits well.
Also wish that the 2 different rings were sold separately, I have no use for the other typeThis is an excellent accessory to get along with any Avent breast pump and/or Avent bottles.
Save time and troubleThis conversion kit allows me to pump into the large 9 oz Avent bottles, which is very helpful as the Medela bottles only allow up to 6 ozI used these to pump into Avent bottles with my Medela pump.
I use the &#34;smaller&#34; sized adapter.
I've used it with the Medela personal double electric and the manual Harmony.
I haven't had any issues with leaking.
We ended up not using Avent bottles, but I still use these with an Avent bottle set to pump and transport milk between work and homeBought these because we were using a Medela pump and Philips bottles.
Of course the breast pump and bottle industry can't make it easy for everything to work together.
Don't feel forced to buy all new bottles or a brand new pump just to make your system workSeemed like a great kit, but unfortunately, we never ended up using it bc our daughter would ONLY take playtex drop-ins bottles.
So all of our avent bottles got packed up and put away for the next kiddo... hopefully we will be able to use this kit thenWow!
I am an exclusive pumper so my breast pump and I have become best friends since the birth of my son.
I used to pump into the Medela bottles that came with my pump then dump into my Avent bottles.
However my son takes 6 oz bottles and sometimes each one of my breasts will produce up to 10 oz.
We should be able to buy just the ones we need.Also, when I first started using these, the milk would flow out between the adapter and the bottle, since it has threads that don't go all the way around, causing it to leak down the side of the bottle.
But I did figure out how to keep it from happening, and haven't had any problems since.
The key is to aim the valve on the inside properly.
I use medela parts, so for my equipment I'm referring the little yellow valve piece with the white silicone flapper...
If it sprays out the flapper up against the threads, however, then it is forced down into the bottle.I hope I described this well enough...
Two different sizes comes in the box.
Using these adapters, she can pump right into the bottles that we use for feeding - saving transfer steps in many cases, and the size of the container can grow with our kids.
We think these are great - and would be a great value at several times the priceif you use avent bottles, this is soooo convenient :) I highly recommend this product, I can pump directly to my PES bottlesHonestly, I love my AVENT bottles, however I DID NOT LOVE MY AVENT PUMP!
Much better than having to buy additional bottles just for pumping.
These are also dishwasher safe, which I completely appreciate.
When I bought these, it came with four (4) &#34;rings&#34; - 2 for regular AVENT bottles and 2 (I think) for the wide, breast milk storage bottles.
As other reviews have mentioned, there was no instruction manual, but really you just screw on the top of the AVENT bottle and screw into the bottom of the pump system - very easy.
It can be used with Medela kitsThese fit both my Medela & Spectra Dew pumps.
My Medela is ancient - at least a decade old but the newer pump parts still fit it, so these go from the standard bottle size to fit the Avent bottles.I have both the super wide nipple Avent bottles as well as the classic size and these adapters fit fine.I also have the Avent Via storage system and the wider converter fits those just fine as well.I don't know what the other reviews mean about leaking....
I put the bottle caps on that come with the bottles & tops that fit the storage containers on as soon as I'm done pumping.
I pump with a hands-free bra on the way to/from work.
They are great!I highly recommend them to all pumping mothersI love the idea of these.
And I have used them successfully.
I'd rather just pump into my medela collection bottles and pour the correct amount into my Avent bottles.
It was so nice to get these and be able to pump directly into my son's bottles as opposed to the pump bottles that would then have to be poured into his bottles.
These work great and screw onto both the pump (I use an Ameda Purely Yours) and bottles easilyI hated the Avent pump, but loved the bottles.
I hated the Medela bottles, but loved the pump.
Now I can pump from my pump right into my avent bottles!
Less effort on my part means a happy mom and a happy baby!
No more pumping into the smaller Medela bottles, then transfering your breastmilk into an Avent bottle.
No more washing extra bottles either!
JUST REMEMBER TO USE THE BLUE RING and you'll be good to go!
I've been using it for almost 4 months now, I sterilize it regularly and it shows no signs of warping, cracks, or yellowing.Once again, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the purchase of this conversion kit for Medela moms and Avent bottle babies.
It's a time saver and well worth every penny.
I love it that they allow me to pump directly into the bottle, however, you have to be careful, because the milk can leak out of the side of the converter.
You need to make sure that you also buy covers for storage purposes because even if you try to use the lids that come with the bottles, you will still get some leakageThese are great adapters!
I use an avent pump and bottle system but since my husband got a free medela pump from his work, I now needed something to adapt to my avent bottles and cups.
Although I guess common sense should have told me to use the ring with the system, I didn't.
The first time I pumped the bottle leaked on me.
These are the drop in bottles that came before the Avent Tempo Drop in bottles.
I do not know if you could pump directly into the Avent Tempo with any type bags as I have not tried it.
But with the original Avent Naturally drop in bottles, I can insert any brand storage bag with the zipper below the screw in part, attach the pump connector to secure the bag, and pump directly into a storage bag.
How many conversion connectors came with this set?This package comes with four connectors, 2 for the regular Avent bottles and 2 to fit the VIA storage system.2.
Which pumps does the conversion kit work with?
Brown's Natural Flow Electric/ManualUPDATE: 01 April 2012I have been using the adapters for a couple weeks now and have had no leaks when using the ring.
That way, my mom can just attach the nipple to the bottles.
No more transferring from the Medela bottles (with the awful nipples that collapse due to the vacuum created when the baby drinks).As for pumping directly into storage bags, I have used the Nuk, Medela, and Lansinoh bags with the Avent drop-in bottles and find that the Lasinoh bags work the best with this system.
I am ordering other types of bags to try... but so far Lasinoh bags work the best.
i'm taking mine out of the car today.
I'll try it again when my son moves out of the infant carrier and into the big car seatI bought two of these undermats and wish I had not.
They do not &quot;grip&quot; our cars leather seats and cause the infant car seats to slide a bit.
Not very useful.
There are better ones out thereIt is ok.
We do have a SUV w/cloth seats but still had trouble with the base moving.
Now the seat stays still and the handy storage is great for extra diapers in case you run out in your diaper bag!
Worth every pennyWe used this product under our Graco infant carrier car seat base and it worked wonderfully.
After he showed me how to really get that base in tight, the seat didn't move it all.
Those having problems may just need to put a little more oomph behind their car seat installationI bought two of these and thank goodness BRU let me take them back.
They did not grip our leather seats, and actually made the car seat slide around so I took them back, and 3 1/2 years and two more kids later haven't felt like I missed them a bit.
It has worked perfectly since the moment I started using it.
You need to watch how much water you put in it; however, because if you put too much water in it and are only making about 2 ounces, you will end up making the water in the bottle too hot for baby to eat.
My husband has done this a few times and has had to put the bottle in the fridge or freezer for a few mins to cool the water down before adding the formula.
I had to pump for most of the time I nursed and we had to warm bottles for each feeding.
We've had the product for 7 months and it's still working great.
The instructions say to wipe with vinegar periodically, which I have found you actually have to do every day or else you will never get the build up out.
We are switching to Munchkin brand bottle warmer now that this one has quit workingI requested and received this bottle warmer as a baby shower gift.
Pros: It is simple to use and you can operate it with one hand.
The warmer will shut off automatically after 3 minutes.
Cons: The bottles are extremely hot to the touch and you have to let them cool before comfortably holding them.
Unfortunately after just three weeks of light use (only feeding baby a bottle when she was still hungry after nursing) the bottle warmer got stuck to the on position and would not shut off causing it to be unusableThis warmer has lasted us through hundreds of bottles and jars of food - I had no idea it would be so useful when I bought it!It's small, easy to use, and heats bottles and food exactly the way my son likes them, because I can add whatever amount of water I need.
And it heats FAST!This makes a very economical and thoughtful baby gift - I have already purchased two for friendsI find that I have trouble getting each bottle to the perfect temperature.
But it is convenient and compact and it does do it's job even on the wideneck bottles.
Wish it came with a travel pouch/carry handle b/c I take it with me for overnight travelingAs a first time mother, I thought this would be a great purchase.
It works like a charm.
You have to be quite careful to measure out the right amount of water, as it makes all the difference to the temperatureThe bottles do get warmed up with the max water measurement.
Does take about 3-4 minutes which seems like a long time if the baby is really hungry, Overall does the jobWe had the last model with our first child and got this one for the cost and ease of use.
One thing to know is that it almost always takes the &#34;max&#34; amount to heat up a bottle adequately, but note our son likes his bottle on the warmer side.
For the money it's greatTakes too long to warm bottles which were on the fridge.
You either have to warm it twice, put in double the amount of water or place bottle in a bowl of hot water.
However, for bottles at room temperature, it is perfect.
Actually they somestimes can get too warm and have to be cooledI have tried a few bottle warmers and this definitely the best.
I have yet to over-heat a bottle (you should always check anywayWe bought this bottle warmer after the Avent warmer was not available.
I must say I am pleasantly surprised!1-It is compact, which takes up a lot less counter space than the other bottle warmers.
I haven't seeen any residue from using tap water.
We're also heating up about 3 ozs in an 8 oz bottle so that may have something to do with the varying temperature.Overall, I highly recommend this bottle warmer.
It beats standing in front of a running faucet or boiling water just to warm some milkThis bottle warmer is easy to use and works quickly.
We've been using it for a month and haven't had a single issue with itI think this warmer is awesome.
It's very portable, easy to use, and works fast.
Remember, different bottles will necessitate different amounts of water.
I highly recommend itI work part time and EBF my son.
This bottle warmer is perfect for my husband to use to heat up pumped milk while i'm at work.it's very quick and easy to use, especially when you have a screaming hungry infant!I only recomend to not use it if you are using the playtex nurser inserts, they get way to hot even on the lowest setting.
All other bottles work awesome thoughPositives:1.
Price2.
Heats in minutesNegatives:1.
The Dr. Browns is much better, and we have found that one works great for Dr. Browns, First Years and Playtex bottlesi started to use this one 2 months ago since the baby is borned, and it work perfectly fine.
you need to try the tem before give it to baby anywayThis warmer is small enough to go back and forth with my daughter to her sitter's every day in her diaper bag.
I would leave it there, but my husband uses it if she gets hungry and Im not home from work yet.
This one is pretty easy and straight forward.
It does an excellent job at warming our bottles.
It will simply warm up any water that's in the compartment.
The only downside for me is that it won't let you warm glass baby bottles.
We love this warmer!
It takes up very little counter space and heats consistently time after time.
It looks like rust, but it wipes right out.
I was pleased with the performance for the price paidLadies, listen to me.
For you, normally you'd probably think &#34;No big deal, I'll just whip out my food bringers.&#34; Not so easy for dad though, is it?
Nope.
For us, it's - ok, Jessica is upset because she's hungry.
Now I have exactly one free hand to fix her milk.
Sure, it works.
Do you trust me that much?
Nope.
No biggie, just repeat.
I don't knowMy daughter would want her bottles on demand.
I purchased this in hopes that this will save me time and it did.
I would keep the water vial filled with water so when a bottle needed to be heated I can just pour the water and heat.
If you breastfeed, and are using pumped or express milk, this is a must have.
I just pour the milk into the bottle, plop it in the warmer, and it is heated to the perfect temperature with the touch of a button!
The steam heats it perfectly every time!
I highly recommend this productThis works great!
The measurements for heating are accurate.
I only wish it had a buzzer or beeping noise of some sort once it was done warming the bottleTotally worth the cost, it's very cheap and effective, you don't need all the other fancier ones.
I warm up eight ounces at a time and use the max water- perfectly warm each timeThis is a fast and convenient way to heat bottles.
I have twins and can't wait the recommended 10minutes between bottles for it to cool down so I don't.
I don't have any problems with it.
Change the baby's diaper, feed her, put her back down and she's out.Is the warmer perfectly consistent?
No.
But is any method consistent?
Only if you use a crock pot with a temperature nob.
Plus that can't be safe and you'd have to clean it.Is it capable of overheating?
Absolutely.
Yes.
Yes.
Only because this warmer is so fast and speed is more important to me.
I want to feed this baby fast.
Yes... and I can't defend this feature, it's dumb.
Any remaining water just burns away.
It is awful for the solid bottles, I don't know what works best for those.Okay, I think I've covered all.
Once I received it (I got 2, one for upstairs and one for downstairs), I read the very short and easy directions, and voila!
Perfect warmth on first use.
To use this simple tool, you need to know if you have an old school bottle or the newer wide mouth bottle and how many ounces your bottle can hold (not how many ounces you're using) and whether you're starting from refrigerated or room temp.
These factors will tell you how much water to pour in the heater using a measuring vial that it comes with.
If you leave it in there after its done it will keep heating and get too hot, just like when you're cooking on the stove and turn off the burner and your food keeps cooking.
I'm planning on using a syringe so that I can have a fail safe, thoughtless, easy way to get the right amount of water in the heater.
It does warm the bottle to the perfect temperature.
It has drawbacks, though.
We barely even use it anymore because it it not too convenient when you have a hungry baby waiting for her bottleIt's an average bottle warmer, but broke after a couple months worth of usage.
I switched to the Dr. Brown's bottle warmer and haven't had a problemI have tried 3 different bottle warmers.
This one is the 2nd best.
Major pain since I like to change my baby while his bottle is warming.
EW.
So when I got this gift at my baby shower I just smiled and packed it away until she needed to eat solid food.I've been using bottles since she was five days old and this has been a life saver.
The vial of water requires some trial and error to make sure the bottle isn't too warm or too cold but other than that no issues.I haven't had as much luck with using it to heat up solid food.
I have found that it does not warm chilled bottles using the amount of water recommended.
I usually have to warm it twice or use more water than recommended.
Luckily, my baby is not to picky.
NO SUCH LUCK.
I tried to vary the amount of water I poured into the heating base but this didn't help.
I'm lucky I didn't throw away my trusty little pot since I'm back to warming up the old fashioned way on the stoveWe have a new baby boy that was born about a month ago.
There's no way to fix it.
Using it is fairly quick and easy.
Otherwise, the warmer is nice looking and easy to keep clean.
Hopefully it will last as long as needed.Gary PetersonIt gets the bottle warm quickly...what else do I want in a bottle warmer?
Do I need it to be perfect?
No...and it's not.
I don't even use the water measurement as it doesn't warm correctly.
I can leave it, change her and come back to a warm bottle.The only thing I hate it the brown caramel-like residue in the bottom.
It's easy to clean thoughI did not have one of these for my first son.
When I had my second, I just went ahead and bought one in hopes it would make my life easier...boy, did it!
Nothing is more stressful than a hungry baby crying...this got the bottle warm so quickMy only complaint I have I about this bottle warmer is that it takes 2 cycles most times to get the bottle to the proper temperature.
I am not sure if my fridge is just set to a colder setting than most or what, but I was warming pumped breastmilk and I have had to do it 2 cycles almost every single time because otherwise it's still too cold and my infant son does not want to drink it.
As per instructions, I *have tried filling it up to 10 instead of 7 and it really didnt help anyThis is a great product...a must have for nursing mothers who pump and also for formula babies!
It's simple and to the point.
Takes a little to figure out how much water to use for the right temp, but not too hardWe had this warmer for our second baby and wish I had purchased it for our first born also.
This warmer is easy to use and warms up the bottles pretty quickly for that crying baby who can't wait for that milk.
It does take a few tries to get used to how much water to use in the warmer for the perfect temp.
We had some overheat and underheat until we figured it out.
It is very compact which makes it great for travel.
We bought it everywhere with us; friends, famliy, vacation etc.Ok now what I don't like is that I used vinegar to clean it out often, but it still has build up on the bottom.
Maybe it is just the kind of water we have here.
If you are formula-feeding, just use the microwave.
Really.
My baby seems to like room temperature fluids so actually warming a bottle for her takes literally a minute or two at most since I am not heating to a higher temperature.
I am sure others know what I mean at 3AM when you barely have your eyes open and try to slide that sucker into the grooves just right...ya, not easy.I've only had this item for about a month, so I can't speak to the longevity of it, but so far I am very happy with it, and should it break I would purchase another just for the convenience of itGreat product.
Follow the easy directions and you have the right temp.
Got this as a gift and use it frequently.
Would recommend this itemWith all the restrictions on how you can warm breastmilk, this was the best thing.
Love it.
Works better then others we have tried.
Very quick and easyI'm not familar with other brands but this works well enough for me.
I use filtered water since it will gunk up quickly inside using tap water.
Keep your fingers away from the steam!2.
The bottle width will change how much water is required.
Figure if the steam can't escape as easily because you've got a wider bottle, it'll heat up quickerThis warmer works when it wants to which means only when i'm testing it and never when I need to warm a bottle at 3 am!
I'll plug it in and nothing happens.
And I checked my fridge -- it's the normal temp, about 37 degrees, so it's not because the bottles were colder than normal.
This works great.
Sometimes however, when I have a 7 ounce pack it takes a few times through it to get it all the way warmed.
Since I am using this for when I am out it isn't a big deal that it takes awhile, especially because you have to wait for the warmer to cool all the way down before you can use it again.
However, when I use it to heat milk from the frig so my husband can feed her, it works great.
Hard to use, and the instruction manuals suggested water amounts are way off base, in my experience.
Wife and I got so frustrated with the warmer's inconsistent results that we've gone back to the old fashioned warming method - setting the bottle in a cup of warm water.
That method works much better.
The bottle warmer concept is solid and attractive, but this particular model fails.
But once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature AND it's definately a bargain!
Also, no need to worry about forgetting to turn it off in those first few foggy weeks of motherhood... auto- shut off!!!
This would be a great shower giftFor the $15(ish) price, I'd say that this bottle warmer works well.
I don't know how accurate the water-lines are because after experimenting with various amounts of water I don't think we've actually had a &#34;warm&#34; bottle yet - rather its just not cold - which I am completely fine with because I don't particularly want my baby becoming accustom to warm bottles when we are out or in the middle of the night.
I used this with many different types of bottles (e.g., Advent, Playtex, Dr. Brown.
etc..) and it works for all of them.I would prefer the Dr Brown warmer below which has certainly more featureshttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0035LLG2W/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0035LLG2W&linkCode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20I love this bottle warmer.
I am a first time mom and this has been a life saver.
I would highly recommend this product and company.If this was a helpful review please select the &#8216;yes&#8217; button belowunit works fine , warms the bottles as advertized - as for sticking to the timeline and checking the warmth of the milk -- I always double check - glass bottles warm up quicker then the plastic onceThis works great, and is super fast at heating up the bottles, but the only problem is that the bottles Im using (the breast flow 4oz) are short enough that pulling them out gets you steam burns on your fingers, and thats if you can grasp it!
Every time myself or my wife tried to warm a bottle in this thing, it either came out too hot or too cold.
Despite following the instructions to a tee, the bottles NEVER came out perfect.
Is great for all bottles and use for food and have steamed passies in it when they fall and I don't have a back up with meI love this bottle warmer!
It works great for me, and warms the bottles very fastThis bottle warmer has been a big timesaver.
I can put a bottle in, change my baby's diaper, and come back to a warm bottle.
This less crying my hungry baby does, the better.
At first, you have to figure out what amount of water will get your bottle to a good temperature.
Once that is figured out, the warmer is so easy to use.
It saves time and makes a perfect bottle every time!As some of the other reviewers note, you DO need to read the directions to find out how much water to use with the amount of liquid you are heating.
For example, use the marking of 7 ml of water on the included measuring tool for 3-4 oz of milk or formula.
The measuring tool attaches to the side of the warmer so that it is always handy.All you do is measure the water and pour it into the warmer, then add the bottle.
As long as you use the right amount AND wait for the water to evaporate entirely and turn itself off, you get a perfect bottle!
I like that you have a light that goes off when it's done.
It's a good visual cue that you can see from across the room.
First thing first, this bottle warmer is available at Walmart for $15.
So just beware and don't get rips off.We have been using this warmer to warm up frozen breastmilk for 9 months and had no issue at all.
Also due to the bottle storage we use (no bags), we wanted to give this bottle a try.
Now every bottle of breastmilk we have has different volume of milk but in avg we have about 120ml to 150ml, I take out the bottle from the freezer, turn the cap half open (enough for it to breath but not losen).
Highly recommandedThis is one of the cheaper bottle warmers out there and it performs perfectly.
All you do is pour a little bit of water in and press the lever.
The lever is green while warming, and turns to red when it's done.
There is also auto-shutoff for extra safety.
It only needs a minute or two to make milk from the fridge warm enough for baby.
My brother uses this to warm his son's baby food and it works perfectly for that also.After using this one I see no reason to buy one of the more expensive models you may find in a baby storei dont like that if you stop it mid cycle when you come back to warm another bottle it starts halfway through the cycle.
it does not re-set.
I always have to add more water than they recommend.
That is actually pretty easy to do, but just make sure you slip in the extra water before it shuts off, otherwise you have to wait for at least 10 minutes before it will turn on again (must be a safety feature).The nice thing about this warmer is that it even works well with my Healthflow bottles (which are angled) as well as the thicker Advent bottles.
When my son was old enough to eat jar food, the warmer has a special adapter to warm them up as well.All in all, I would recommend it, but just realize that you will have to come up with your own water measurements to addJust put some water in and give it 3-4 mins and your bottles are warm.
I went through 3 different kinds of bottles and they all fit in the warmer.
It doesn't take up a lot of space and it also warms jarred foodtotally not working!
returned it.
I find that with my baby the perfect temperature for 4 oz.
is at the "7" mark.
You just have to plug it in, put the water into the bottle warmer and press the button.
It takes 2 minutes from the time you press the button until the light shuts off then leave it there for about 30 seconds and your baby's bottle is ready.
I still test the bottle on my wrist every time and it's remained consistent from the get go.
Get a great bottle warmer without breaking the bank.
It's convenient to travel with and small and compact to leave on the counter all the time.
Why pay $80+ on a bottle warmer when this gets the job done for a very reasonable price?
Trial and errorThis warmer worked well for a few months.
I still use it, I just don't walk away from it because I know it won't turn off on its own as it should2 weeks of use.
It accommodates every size bottle I've tried so far (Gerber, Playtex Drop-ins and Dr. Brown).
It warms the milk well but I keep a cloth next to it to dry the bottle off before using and also cool the plastic on the bottle before usingThis is a nice gadget to have because it is good at getting the job done quickly, however, you have to be careful.There are more times that I overheat the bottle than get the temperature just right.
You can always heat milk again, but it's a pain to wait for it to get cooled down when you have a whiny, hungry baby and a bottle that's way too hot.So, just be carefulYes, sometimes it overheats the bottle if you don't take it out as soon as it's done, but it gets the job done quickly and easily.
And at this price, I was able to buy a warmer for both grandparents' housesI was lucky to have a baby who did not need a bottle that was perfectly warm, but using this warmer was a waste of time.
I packed it away after only using it a few times because it rarely warmed the bottle enough.
I have to tell you, this warmer is terrific!
It works equally well with breastmilk and formula.
We have never had an overheated bottle, and my daughter loves the temperature.
She sucks it right down!
We have tried both Gerber and Avent bottles, and they both work well in this warmer.Also, the size is really convenient.
It's easy to operate even in the dark (just prepare the water up front).
We also like the fact that it can be operated with one hand (while carrying the baby in the other hand)- very useful.
Also, does not take too much space on our counter.
We are very happy with this bottle warmer!An update- this can also be used for heating up jars of baby food (just remove the upper ring)- so convenient.Also, by adding cold water immediately after the bottle warmer stops you can cool the heating element, which will enable to turn it on again without waiting.
Good productWorks well and as expectedWe have the First Years Day and Night Bottle Warmer (with the cooler on the back) for use upstairs, and loved it so much that I decided to order what I assumed to be the same item without the cooler for the kitchen counter downstairs.
It never heated the bottles as well as the one that we had, and the bottles gradually got less and less warm, until the warmer didn't work at all.
Obviously useful for other reasons but that's why we bought it!
Warming a bottle to the right temp is tricky but this warmer makes it easy.It is tricky to get the right formula down for heating.
It comes with a little measuring deviceThis bottle warmer works and it works fast!
Bottle sizes are different as well as milk temperature.
I suggest you use this the first few times BEFORE your baby becomes hungry so you can get to know how it works without getting flustered by a crying baby.
For me, I fill the line to "6" and that heats my 4oz of milk perfectly.
So very important you take the bottle off as soon as the light goes off, give it a swirl, test on your wrist (or take a swig like I do) and you'll be good to go!
The bottles were either too hot and I mean smoking hot or not warm enough.
I would have to put her bottles in, stand there and check every minute or so.
The water tube that comes along with it does not hold enough water to warm her bottle sufficiently.
We had to pour at least three tubes worth of water in there to get her 5 ounce bottle warm.
I ordered the Dr. Browns bottle warmer and am in love!
I find it super easy to use, super easy to clean, and it gets the bottles to just the right temperature.
It is also useful for travel, and can be set up easily in a hotel room.
This is absolutely one of the best bottle warmers I have ever worked with.
I would definitely suggest it to friends and family, and I actually have done soAs a new mom who is currently still in school and not bringing in a lot of money, I was looking for an affordable bottle warmer and I came across this one.
I read the reviews and it got ok reviews so I bought it, boy was I disappointed when I finally started using it.I wouldn't say its horrible but it's really not the best, it doesn't take long to warm the bottles and it shuts off once it's down; however, it doesn't always warm the bottles up in one use OR it will get it so hot that you end up having let the milk sit so it's not too hot for baby and when your baby is screaming that's not an ideal situation.
This warmer is so fast!
Even if you put the same amount of water in it and a bottle with the same amount of milk each time - the temperature will be different.
This can also be dangerous.
I much prefer the Munchkin High Speed bottle and food warmer, the water vial stays firmly in place.
It heats to a perfect level each time.
SO FAR THEY WORK REALLY GREAT AT HEATING THE BOTTLES TO THE RIGHT TEMPERATURE.
THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THE NUMBERS RUBBED OFF THE WATER VILES AND WE HAD TO PUT THEM ON WITH A PERMANENT MARKERIt may be my son only but he doesn't care if his bottles are cold or warm and I use water that is in gallon containers which sit on the counter so his bottles are generally at room temperature anyway.
This product did work, however, for my standard size Playtex Vent Air bottles but did not heat up my friend's wide mouth bottles when she tried to use it.
All in all, this was a pointless purchase on my part; but the return of the item was easy cheesyWe are using Medela bottles with Haberman nipples and using the directions provided it works great without any issues.
Only had it for a couple weeks so don't know quality and I will write another review if it failsIt's 2am, your baby is crying.
You are in the washroom sleepily fumbling to get a bottle together as quickly as possible... accidentally pour too much water into the warmer.
It takes what feels like an eternity to warm up, then overheats the milk.
Start the process over, give up and get your child used to room temperature feedings and all is right in the world.
works great, small, easy to use very practical!
For the price it's great!
Work with my glass and plastic bottlesThis warmer is a life saver!
It is also safe for Playtex liners and it will warm more than just milk.
The actual temperature of the bottle itself is fine and has never been too hot, so it might just be the way it works with the design of Avent bottlesPrevious reviewers were right - it's tricky to get this warmer to warm up your bottle just right.
But it's fast and convenient.
It doesn't heat to a temperature the baby would like, so you end up having to cool the bottle afterwards.
It's okay for $15.
We use it several times a day so it is at least worth that.
Probably helps that our baby is not too picky when it comes to bottle temperature.- Done heating fast, usually in under 2 minutes.Cons:- Cheap feel/design/on button- Doesn't heat the bottle too well, even with "max" amount of water.
We use this to heat up 4 oz.
Hasn't done it since, however it's probably not a good idea to leave the unit on & walk away.Overall it's just okay.
Not too impressed, I'm sure there are better models out there but this one does the job for now.UPDATE: Updating to say this bottle warmer only lasted baby's first 3 months.
Since it's rusted so badly we can't use it for our upcoming baby.
We've been using a hot glass of water to heat bottles and that works better than this warmer.
This method works occasionally but I get inconsistent results.
Occasionally when I warm a bottle it somehow seems to boil the milk out if it.
I use it with born free bottles which are pretty wide and my sister uses it with Avent brand bottles.
This warmer works perfectly well with both brands.
Just be sure to read the instructions and follow it thoroughly before use and you shouldn't have any problems as I have not had.
I have also purchased this and given it away as presents to friends.
Every one I have given it to; have loved it as much as I have.
Warm formula always hits baby's spot and helps with gas and spit up problems.
Well made and easy to use and clean.
For some reasons, the bottom of the bottle became crack-looking eventually, even it does not seems leaking or anything, but you can see there a lot of tiny crack mark on the bottom of the bottle and it does not look good anymore.
I might later try other type of bottle to see if they have the same problem, hopefully not, otherwise, I will be kind of disappointed that this warmer tent to destroy the bottle graduallyI have two bottle warmers, this one and the Avents one.
The measuring tube tells you how much water to put into the warmer for the amount of liquid you want to warm.
It works quickly and is wonderful, especially for the night feedings.
I've used this for baby food jars and it works perfectly too.
It does have mineral build up over time so you must clean it with vinegar every so often.If you're looking for some advice on other baby registry essentials, check out AllMomsArePerfect dot com.
It fits all the bottles I have, is fast, and it doesn't take up much counter spaceWe love this little warmer.
Works well and takes up a tiny bit if counter space.
I don't know if it's a safety measure or what, but you can't press the button again right away.
When you have a hungry baby, that kind of stinksWhen I first bought this, over a year ago, I was hesitant about the price - it being so low compared to other brands.
Rest assured, this is all you will need!
My finicky baby had to have his warm Alimentum.
It was ready within a minute and after a few shakes, it was the perfect temperature.
This is also helpful for warming up baby food jars (Comes with a special attachment just for that purpose) The warmer was dropped twice on the floor so it can defently take a beating!
And for $16 GET IT!
And Get one for the Grandparents!
Don't spend $30 on a bigger and bulker item that will do the same thingMy daughter has twins.
She was warming their bottles using tap water.
My daughter said this one is pretty fast.
Baby #2 doesn't always want to wait another 10 minutes.
My solution was to send her a second one, even though I know her hubby will complain about having more stuff.
I do wish it was quicker but think I would want that feature with any bottle warmer.
This works very wellThis is a nice product, It warms the bottle and seams perfect on the surface.
It doesn't take long for it be at a perfect temperature.
Since I have twins, I wish they would make these with two sides or not require the 10 minutes between each use (even though I mostly ignore that and add more water just before the light goes outOverall, this is a lifesaver.
It's true that it takes some trial and error to see how much to adjust the amount of water that you put into this.
It is very effective and is easy to use.
Based on frequency of usage you will learn how much water to use.
We held off thinking that using hot water in a cup was just as easy.
It takes FOREVER to warm the bottles and then it doesn't even warm them.
I'm trying to get a refund right now.
Also, the opening is too small for the newer bottles (TippeTommy, comotomo, etcWorks great!
I use it to heat up her bottle and her frozen homemade baby food.
I definitely recommend.
I even thought about using this when my husband and I go camping to heat up our adult food.
We could just plug it into our car adapterWe love this bottle warmer.
It is small so it doesn't take up huge amounts of counter space.
But, every now and again, my husband gives our baby a bottle of breastmilk.
Even if you use the amount of water as recommended in the documentation, the heating is not consistent.
To speed up the process, I keep a kitchen towel near by and constantly remove and shake the bottleWe used this everyday, multiple times a day, for over a year and had no problems at all.
later have a warm bottle for our daughter.
The amount of water needed is just inconsitent with the markings on the vial.
Some reviews have stated that this warmer boils the bottles but that is not true, there is never enough water in there to boil it, the release of steam gives the impression that the bottle is boiling but it isnt.
It is good but not great and takes patience and time to figure it outI have been using this warmer since I started using bottles at 3 weeks.
I love this warmer except for the fact that it takes 3-4 minutes to warm the bottle.
I use the Avent bottles.
Usually filled with 4oz.
We purchased 2 more of these one for each grandma's.
I am looking foward to seeing how this warmer works with baby food jarsWe use this for breastmilk in Avent bottles, and it works OK --but don't follow the directions on the back.
For a refrigerated 4 oz.
It works well for being an inexpensive warmerThis warmer works great!
It's one of the few that you can put the bottles with liners in.
I use the Playtex Nursers, and this works perfect for them.
It is fast too!
We got the first couple bottles too hot, but after that it was easy.
Plus, this warmer doesn't take up a lot of space.
It says you can do baby food in it too, but I'm not that far yet.
I defintely recommend this warmerI loved this product myself but my wife used another method.
as the baby got older we stopped using it all together, but we could have kept using it if we wanted to and so I would recommend itI bought this for my 2nd baby, thinking it'd be easier than warming a cup of water to warm the bottle.
Nope.
Provide a simply warm bottle every timeThis bottle warmer definitely is useful - it does what you want it to do.
However, always make sure you test the temperature of the milk before you give it to your baby as it can be to hot (or too cool) sometimes.
The only part I wish this had that some other manufacturers build into the model is an ability to use the steam to steralize baby paraphenalia, such as pacifiersI got this as a gift and love it.
I like the compact size.
I move it to the bathroom by the nursery.
For the price it is well worth itFirst off, mine was white and it looks like they changed the shape and color now, whether that matters, I don't really know, or care.
We tried it 3 times, once actually following direction, then twice adding more water to see if it makes any difference.
Nope.
It doesn't work.
Like straight from the fridge.
I find these mixed reviews odd, because apparently for some, it actually works and for others, like me, it doesn't do ANYTHNG.
Pity really, it would have been SO convenient to warm a bottle up as quickly as it says(1 minute, I believe).
I (and my wife) have 3 different bottle types,the Medela breastfeeding bottles, the Avent standard/naturals and the Playtex Ventaires.
Solid enough.- it can be cleaned.
This one comes with a removable measure that can be cleaned.
The unit itself, you can remove all the baskets (which it comes with a basket for prepared food jars!)
No more plugging and unplugging.
Trust me you will appreciate this button.
Not bad since the counter lost alot of its space to baby bottle holders/racks etc..- The price..I've seen some crazy prices on some and this certainly is the bang for the buck!
This was it...winner!
Less than 25 dollars, auto shut off, easy to clean, compact enough and warmed well.
As everyone else says bottle warming is not an exact science but when you figure your method, you make it as consistent as you can.PRO?CON?
- it does shut itself off however there is a learning curve to the amount of water you put into the chamber and how much milk/water is in the bottle.
For example, some of the other models adjust temperature by adding more water into the chamber and it just heats a preset time.
So if you pour in 7 (or less)on the included measure, it will heat up 4 oz water/formula to pretty warm in about 3-4 min max.How do I adjust the temp?
Drop the bottle in the chamber and hit the button.
It will shut off by the time I measure the power and put the baby bib on.
Whatever system works for you but this method instantly brings the mixture down to perfect warmth.
The manual and the back of the unit has the handy measure scale in case you need it anyways.Overall, if the baby's tummy is more comfortable because warmer milk is easier for him, then we're happy.
It's worth the few more hours of peace and quiet.
I hope this helps.UPDATE: use it like mad and it's still working like new.
By the time you give the water a swirl with the powder and the outside of the bottle is still fairly warm, the remaining coolness of the water inside cancels out the residual outer heat to make it ready to feed immediately.
I think it is a great bang for the buck and now with winter creeping around, most definitely will be used like crazy!
Again, bottle warming is not an exact science so get that dream out of your head, you just need to figure what works warmer water-to-bottle volume ratio and stick to it.
Play it right, the whole process is quick and efficientWorks great if you follow the directions.
However, I stopped using it after a couple of weeks and realized my son took the bottle just fine without the need to warm up the bottle.
This was the only one.
We do like the auto-shut-off, because that's what we'd listen for at those 4am feedings (the click).
Besides the occasional heating changes, the only other drawback is that there is no easy way to clean it, particularly if you live in an area that has highly mineralized water, and the marks on the measuring cup come off within the first month of use.
I re-marked it with a Sharpie with the two water levels we use (Playtex bottles with and without the thumb slide) so that friends babysitting our son or helping us out by heating a bottle while over visiting know how much to put in.
More than likely we will have to toss this when our son is done using bottles and will buy another one with our next child.
In my case, although there was a warning that a basket should always be used in the warmer, my brain erased that comment with the subsequent paragraph that said wide mouth bottles don't require the lift out basket.
To be clearer, in both places it should say that the large basket is always required (otherwise you are heating the bottle directly on the plate and also in boiling water... both of which are no-nos.The instructions are also too simplistic.
I would also imagine that some further tweaking will be required as the composition of breastmilk changes during the day and over the course of the post partum period.For example, I used 9 oz MAM Ultivent (BPA free) translucent bottles that are wide at the bottom and narrow at the top.
a water softener with regular applications of rust-inhibitor solution, or the use of distilled water will probably reduce the amount of cleaning required.
It's hard to find a functional bottle warmer in this price.Sized perfectly for travel.
Great to use in hotels and or if you'll be staying with relatives.It will accommodate wide neck bottles.
It is not designed to warm multiple bottlesWe're so glad we bought this bottle warmer.
We brought it with us for traveling and it worked great at hotel.
It is very powerful.
That has always worked for usMy husband and I LOVE this mixer - we first used the Munchkin one, but didn't like that you had to constantly hold down the button to make it work, with this one you just flip the switch and it stays on.
We use this to make a big batch of formula for the day (daycare mandates we have all bottles pre-made for the day) and it works well.
This is worth the money!
**After 2 months of use, though, the first one we purchased broke - not sure how/why, but the mixer came out of unit when we were using it, so we have since purchased a replacement.
Hopefully this doesn't happen again.
*******EDIT: Now the second one has broken as well - it starts making a very high pitched whining sound and then the "mixer" comes out of the "base" while you're using it (while it's turned on) and all we're doing it mixing powder formula and water in a mixing bowl - we are not touching the sides or the bottom of the bowlMy wife picked up this interesting little gizmo and I get a kick out of using it.
Basically, our son is fed mother's milk, but he's growing fast, has a growing hunger and sometimes mom just can't keep up.
I have only two dislikes for the mixer.
First, it spins so fast and powerful that it foams the milk.
Second, it is a bit awkward to use in tall bottles.
Some reviews have complained of durability problems, but we've had none as yet.I wonder what else I can use a gizmo like this for.
Hmmmmm.
Maybe I could use one in the workshop for mixing and stirring up small amounts of paint.
Maybe, I'll give it some more thought.Gary PetersonThis is fantastic!
I really wish I had had one of these with my first baby.
Plus shaking sometimes doesn't get the clumps out and with this I get a nice even mixture.
Best of luckI was so happy to find this on amazon.com and it was definitely worth it for the price.
I am still using Medela 5oz bottles and it fits easily inside.
If you're not careful, the formula will go everywhere, especially in a 4 oz bottleI sure wish I knew about this before I was on baby #3.
Doesn't spatter, even in small (4 oz) bottles; easy one-hand operation (while bottle is sitting on counter and baby is in the other arm!).
On button has both pulse and on (I only ever use pulse because it's that fast).
Takes 2 AA batteriesThis mixer is great.
I used it with my daughter who is 4 and just bought another one for my son.
If you don't mind that, then these are a good choiceI tried the Dr. Brown system but was unsatisfied for several reasons.
Additionally, I found the big Dr. Brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be very cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.Every baby is different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
I think the Playtex ventairs actually reduce burping betterMy son was born 5 weeks early, and weighed in at a whopping 4 lbs, 6 oz.
After going through 2 bottles of Mylicon in the first 2 weeks after he was born, I decided to give these bottles a try.
Wow!
So they come with two extra parts...big deal.
I hand-wash my bottles, and sterilize them in the dishwasher about once a week, and after the first few washes, the extra parts were a non-issue.
If that doesn't work, then you can always boil the pieces for about a minute to sterilize them, without the pieces becoming distorted.
You do need to use the white disc in the bottles when traveling to keep the bottles from leaking (even if you keep them upright, they still somehow leak), but one solution I use is to pre-measure the powder in the bottle and ad water when ready (instead of carrying bottles of water and adding the powder).
I did not give the 4 oz bottles 5 stars as the stem barely reaches the top of the formula when filled to 4 oz.
Even though I like the size, we found it better to make a 4 oz bottle in the 8 oz size so we don't have to worry about the blue tip being covered with formulaI bought these bottles with the hopes that they'd reduce my baby's gas and fussiness.
I thought these were the answer based on all the great reviews they got on this site.
I went back to the Vent Aire bottle I started out with.
The stage 1 nipple on the Vent Aire is slow, but my baby keeps all her formula down nowI bought these bottles on a lark.
I had read good things about them, but when I went to buy them at my Babies R Us, the only ones I could buy were the wide mouthed bottles.
These bottles have a wider nipple that is shaped more like the breast.
My son is primarily breast fed, but he has had no problems with these bottles when I don't feed him myself.
I suggest that you do use the wide mouth Dr. Browns bottles, but they are not available online.I have not had a problem cleaning them at all.
It is more effort to clean, due to the extra parts, but it's worth it.
I highly recommend theseI actually registered for and received the Avent Bottles.
My mother-in-law suggested the Dr. Brown's bottles.
I bought one to see how it would work.
What a difference.
The gassiness that my daughter was experiencing has decreased alot.
I use both the 4 oz and the 8 oz bottles for her.
I bought extra inserts and nipples too.
I also bought the travel caps.
I love these bottles and am so happy that I purchased them.
By the way, I use the Avent bottle warmer and the 4 oz and 8 oz bottles fit perfectly.
They also fit in the sterilizer (laying downMy infant has had colic problems since day 1 it seems.
I bought these because of the reviews and am very glad I did.
The day we started using these, he was like a different baby.
I mean, yeah, it is annoying to wash soooooo many pieces and its very time consuming, however, it is very worth it!
Recommend these to everyoneWhen my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including Evenflo, Triflow, Avent, VentAir, etc.
Dr Brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
We ended up throwing all other bottles away.
We don't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything.
Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
My only suggestion is to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
So, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger sizeAs a new Mommy, I bought a sample of all the different recommended bottles out there to see which one my newborn would like best.
Brown's came in as the #2 choice for my newborn.
So, I'd recommend trying both brands to see which one your baby likes best.The Dr. Brown's bottle nipple seemed to have a faster flow than the Ventaire, even thought he nipples look almost identical!
My baby needed a slower flow so she'd dribble with the Dr. Brown's nipple.
And as other people noted, my bottles leaked sometimes, as well.
But again, every baby is different and like what they like!
I am so happy we have them!
It does exactly what it says... at least in my experience it does.
My daughter was small for her age, and at 6 weeks old we are still getting use out of them at 4ozDr.
Brown's bottles are great!
Now, I warm them up without a top on it and everything is fineThese bottles are great.
I've been using them for a month and my daughter is a pro.
She was born 5 weeks early and has had no difficulty with the flow of the regular sized nipples and she doesn't get confused since she is mainly breast fed.
(It was different than the ones available online - an 8 oz.
wide-mouth bottle)When I stopped breastfeeding I started using 4 oz.
Avent bottles for several reasons.
First, because I ended up with 8 of them after purchasing other Avent products and second, because the lactation consultant that taught my breastfeeding class recommended them stating they were more like the breast.When I started looking at purchasing larger 8 oz.
bottles I remembered that I had received a Dr. Brown's bottle and decided to try it to see if my daughter would take it.
My daughter "smacks" a lot when she eats and subsequently takes in a lot of air.
wide-mouth bottles are very large!
As the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle.
This also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems.
The baby also has to frequently break the latch (and the nipple collapses at a certain point of pressure which causes them to unlatch) so that the pressure can equalize in the bottle.
This causes them to take in more air.
Now, when my daughter is really hungry, she can take practically the whole bottle without ever having to break her latch!I really like the nipples as well.
I will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms!
I do recommend the wide-mouth bottles, thoughI have recommended the bottles to several friends, however they are kind of a pain to clean since there are so many parts.
We use these bottles almost because my son is an infant and he always has gas.
Honestly, though even though its a bit time consuming to clear all the parts I have seen a noticeable difference in these bottles compared to others I have tried, however.
I doubt these help with colic but they are a good preventative measurei am the mother of twins.
I registed for the playtex ventaire bottles thinking they were the best bottles.
with the Dr. Brown system).
I have since stopped using the system and now just use different nipples on the tops of these bottles.
I'm hoping I will be able to use the system for her later onI truly believe in Dr. Brown Bottles!
Our baby girl is five weeks old and these bottles helped with her colic and fussiness during and after eating.
We are lucky to have found Dr. Browns Bottles.
These bottles are a must for babies with colicI admit, I was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the Playtex Nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
We tried everything to help him.
Then she brought me these.. and he has not had a problem since... My son is a happy baby again!!!!
I am so happy with these.
I read on here that cleaning them is a pain.. but that is just not so.
OH!!!
And these bottles fit on my Medela pump, so I can just pump right in the bottle!!!!
Oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at Babies R Us... just in case you prefer them....
I wish I had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottlesAs you can see in the picture the bottles are (supposed) to be clear and NOT the BPA free ones.
I ordered these because I wanted the ones that are not BPA free.
I wanted them to be completly clear.
When I recieved them I was sad to see that they were the BPA free kind.
I tried the avent first, it's ok, but I'm not fond of the plain look.
I tried gerber, playtex and so on.
Then I bought some Dr. Brown.
(sigh) And the nipple is soft and all but my baby needs to something that he can get a grip.
If you are looking for the best bottle or nipple, I recommend NAM.
They came out with a new bottle and nipple.
It has fun colors, very attractive, you can tell that the bottle is working from the air you hear coming out of the bottom suction and the awesome nipple that babies can actually get a grip on.
I'm a pediatrician, so I was a skeptic when I read that the bottle claimed to reduce gas/colic.
Thus, the baby swallows less air from the having work so hard to get food.
If your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a tryMy baby who is just 3 weeks old was swallowing a lot of wind from his old bottles.
I have found them on amazon with great prize.
They really help with getting rid of extra air.
My baby is having less air n he is not chocking at all because of perfect natural flow for newborn..
My baby has bad gas, and I knew these bottles would help.
They have proven to be the best there is.
There are a few parts to each bottle but it is easy to put together in no time.
It practically stopped his spit-up, he's never had colic, and by using these bottles and giving him gas drops, he's got no gas, and is a happy baby!
I also like how these bottles easily connect to my breast pump---they say it's best to pump into the bottle you're going to feed your baby with, I don't know why.
I bought the 4 oz bottles for when he was a newborn, and now we use the 8oz bottles too.
And they aren't expensiveIt might take you awhile to figure out how to take apart and put together the bottle but it works great!
My son hardly spits up from it (only from over eating).
I highly recommend themI read the reviews and thought this was going to be the answer for the cereal bottles and bought 9 bottles in total.
Then, when I tried to return it for a refund, they had an administrative glitch and refunded us for $0.
We just received the correct refund the other day, after multiple phone calls and time.
Unfortunatley, these nipples flow too fast for her and she was gulping/choking trying to keep up.
I bought 4 packages of these, boiled them all and now can't use them.
Nice colors.
Since your not able to choose colors, I was hoping for green and blue and I received just that.
I like that it came with the variety of forks and spoons (green).
Nuby makes great products so I would buy this item again with my next babyI haven't used the utensils as much since I had already bought other spoons.
They were fairly long spoons and this worked great!!
Also nice to have all the extra utensils for when i run outWe like this and have used it often.
However, only seven of the eight utensils will fit with the lid on the case.
This didn't matter much for us, though - we just leave a spoon at home!
He is old enough (fifteen months) to be able to use a pointier fork, so I will be checking soon to see if one of our sharper forks will fit in the case.And, as it says in the title, colors can vary.
Keeps them clean and contained.
Also is the perfect size to be refilled with the &#34;Take and Toss&#34; utensils readily found in storesThey work well.
It's always nice to have extra nipples for your bottles.
They are easy to clean.
I'm pleased to say that these nipples (and the glass bottles) work just fine and don't seem to give my little guy any trouble with air.
Highly recommended for a budget conscious familyI used these with the Evenflo glass bottles.
They work great.Evenflo Classic 4 oz.
Otherwise, they work very wellNipple flow rate is just right for babies older than 6 months.
Be sure to separate the nipples!
Slow, medium and fast are indistinguishableso far 3 months of use and still no problems: boil them or steralize in microwavable bags and still haven't had to replace anyLike it a lot.
They are great made material.
I change this silicone nipples for 4 months.
Only works for evenflo bottles.
Highly recommendSo far my son doesnt have any issued with this nipple!
they are very durable and doesnt cause any leakageThese work great with standard bottles.
Good stuffWe used lvl 1 nipples on our evenflo, avent, and Medela bottles with no problems.
These level 2s leaked in all of our bottles.
We aren't using the evenflo bottles anymore since she drinks more than 4oz at a time now.
:oMy baby has always used Evenflo nipples.
At 3 months, he was having a hard time getting the milk to flow through the 0-3 month nipples, so we bought some of the 3-6 month and 6+month nipples.
The 6 month nipples flowed too fast even at 5 months, but now that he's 6 months, they work perfectly for himOk, what can I say.
Bought these for my niece and these are the nipples she decided to use.
I was expecting them to be a bit slowerThe price was great.
I ended up throwing these away after two weeks trying to find the right combo that didn't drench my kids neck.
I tried evenflow, medela, gerber, and parents choice bottles.
LEAKED In all of them.
This is a great price for nipples, and you might think you should stockpile ( I did, I bought a dozen) but it's not worth it, you get what you pay for.
My choice for standard nipples is Playtex ventaire nipples.
My daughter does like them but they are not a favoriteThese nipples worked perfectly and wore well.
Easy to use and easy to clean.
It helped that they came in different sizes for varied flowI have the nipples given to us in the hospital and they are slow flow.
These nipples allow milk to flow out when the bottle is upside down unlike the other slow flows I haveWe have a drama-queen in the house.
They last well (we change all the nipples once every 2 months).
Good productThese are very good.
So you have to keep them organized in seperate bags.
When you have Dr. instructions on feeding your baby (as I do, she has swallowing issues), you need to have different nipples and these are a drag without having a system of telling which are which.
To figure out which it is, you have to put liquid in each one and see how fast it comes out.
Easier to just keep them seperate all the timeThese work great for the Evenflo bottles.
Affordable and they fit well so the bottles vent but don't leak.
My daughter had no issues with these nipplesThese low-flow nipples helped both my grandchildren when they were newborns until about 5 months.
I've always used them with the old-fashioned evenflo glass bottles and, recently, they have become very difficult to find.
It might work for your baby, go ahead and buy it and they are very affordableMy baby loves this pacifier!
We are exclusively breastfeeding (second baby) and I was looking for something that the baby would take.
They do not contour to the baby's lips and cheeks at all (which avoids red marks and rashes!)
All in all, highly recommended, especially for a breastfed babyThe paci seems nice.
My little one refused to use this paci, but he is very particular when it comes to theseMy son is breastfeeding and adapted to these nipples perfectly to sooth without any issues with nipple confusion.
Very happy mom & babyLet me first say that I didn't buy our pacifiers from Amazon, so I haven't had any problems with colors or anything.This pacifier is my son's favorite.
Now that he is old enough that this paci fits in his mouth, he loves the bulbous shape of the nipple.
The large round base makes it easy for him to manipulate on his own, and it doesn't make any goofy imprints on his face.Update:My twins are now 18 months old, and not only does my passi-loving boy still adore this pacifier, now his typically thumb-sucking brother likes to walk around with one of these pacifiers in his mouth, too.
My boy didn't like any of them.
Only this one will do.
I don't give a crap about color because its not like my daughter cares right now anyways, as long as these do their job and help my daughter stay calm or go to sleep is ALL I care aboutMy daughter has been taking these since she was born, shes now almost three and I just cant get rid of them like I wanted to.
The nipples are round and wont start messing up on you after all that chewing and suckingMy 17 month old son loves this pacifier - however - the problem is that it is addictive!
Babies love it so they don't want to be separate from it and he is contstantly asking for it.
It was the first pacifier he was introduced to so her will not take any other pacifier.
Even though it is the best pacifier and the most satisfying for children I will NOT buy it again for my future kids because its so hard to find them and different from other pacifiers so if your child likes this one they won't take any otherI received 2 packages as ordered and on time.
One pack was blue and one was pink.
Not sure if it makes a difference, but the ones I received the rubber part is pulled through and clamped under the paci.
My lactation consultant recommended these originally because the angled tip ones can cause tongue thrusting and we were having issues.
These tend to help baby get his tongue under the bulb.
This is the second time I ordered from here and received the same style.
Last time I got two packages of pink.
I have a boy.
Overall I am happy with the product and the shipper (preferred mart), I just wish we could pick our color or they sent neutral colorsTook one star off immediately even though I knew I could not pick colors.
I ordered two sets hoping to get one neutral color for my son.
I got yellow and pink.
The quality is good.
I will say we bought these for 2.99 and then saw them in our local Wal Mart for 2.78 in pink, blue, and yellow.
Still a good price here you may want to check your local Wal Mart though if you're concerned about colorsI had problems with my baby not taking a pacifier.
I tried to give him every single kind & he hated them all until I came across these.
He took them right away & after taking these for about 2 months he know takes other pacifiers but these are definitely his favoriteI should have read the reviews :( REALLY need a choice of colors on this product so everyone doesn't end up with pink.
They work and do their job, but nothing special of them.
They are not leak proof though so if you're looking for leak proof these are not it.
I like these.
They are not fast flow, which would choke my son.
These are perfect for younger babiesUpdated February 21, 2014:My kids are 5 now.
End of update.I had needed fast flow nipples for my twins.
These nipples are also standard size (see below), silicone texture, and traditional round shaped.
* Flow: nipples come in newborn, slow, medium and fast.
* Standard vs. non-standard: It's important to get nipples that fit your bottles.
For example, Gerber and Medela have standard bottles.
Advent has some standard and some non-standard bottles.
Dr. Brown has non-standard bottles that only use Dr. Brown nipples.
* Texture: soft latex, firmer silicone, and traditional rubber.
* Shapes: traditional (round), orthodontic, and flat-toppedI have cats.. and they like to get a hold of the nipples when I leave a bottle out so I need to keep buying these.
My son uses Gerber bottles so I have to buy gerber nipples.
Fast flow works great for my 30 months-old sonthese nipples are so small that they just fall through a regular size bottle!!!
If you get them make sure you have the same brand of bottles and all the other partsgreat product allways with the quality of gerber, my wife and my baby loves it, and unbeatable price, highly recommended, buy together with the first essential bottles and a color nipples availables toogreat value.
i bought them for replacement nipples for the gerber essential bottles and they fit perfectly,, no leaks nice flow.. would recommend them for new borns.. great quality and durability!!
I think one good test is if the free standard nipples that come with those ready to feed Similac bottlesSimilac Advance Newborn, Ready to Feed, 2-Fluid Ounces (Pack of 48) (Packaging May Vary)or above mentioned enfamil nipples fit you bottles then these will fit your bottles as wellGood quality nipples.
Price I paid is about right.
My kids are not complaining.Made in USAI bought it for some standard bottle i had with medium flow nipples.
It probably works best with the gerber bottle.
I still manage to use it next time i will try gerberBottlesI have tried almost every nipple for my twins.
These work very well with my daughter who has acid reflux.
She is spiriting up less since I started unsung these nipples.
Since the 9oz bottles come with the medium flow nipple, I need to get fast flow replacements when my baby turned about 6 months old.
This was a great deal, cheaper than in the local store and since I am a Prime member free shippingBought these for my newborn and I love them!
It's easy for him to intake since I bought it in slow flow.
So I tried these & they are SO much better.
Since they are clear it is easy to see if you missed a spot of formula, especially if it was a bottle that didn't get rinsed right awayI love being able to have these accessories dispocisionCould be better.
The tightness of the fit with the base of the screwtop nipple lock causes it to skew to one side, leaning the nipple...meaning that anytime you turn the bottle with the cap on and the liquid hits the nipple opening, you are prone to have a leak.
This would guide the nipple to a perfect position every time, eliminating the problem above.Also, this cap gives you no real grip on the top of the bottle.
Try opening an Avent bottle with this cap on.
But maybe it's just me...I don't know.On the plus side, they are very easy to clean, very easy to stack, and float nicely in a sink full of water.These are just bottle caps...what do we expectIt really helps to have extra dome caps.
If you have to rewash it, or if you simply misplace one, its great to have extra.
Given that we always have lots of bottles in circulation, it pays to have a few extra.One trick to get them from flipping over in the dishwasher and collecting water is to place four of them together face down and pin them down by putting a bowl on the top of them to weigh them down.
Do that and they'll always come out cleanI bought these as extras in case I lose some as my son gets olderI use this not only for baby's bottle cap but to train baby to sip from a regular cup.
She enjoys it, especially that its summer and hot, I give her cool water.
She loves taking sips!
These work just as expected.
My kids also seem to grab them to use as small snack cups and to grab small drinksThe lids to our bottles seem to forever be disappearing at day care.
It was great to be able to pick up some replacement lids without needing to replace the entire productI really love those caps,it came out so much handy and easy to clean .Highly recommend.Two thumbs up for all Avent productsWe use these BPA-free caps to cover our toddler's Klean Kanteen sippy.
If you are looking for a cover to keep the sippy clean, these are fantastic and fit the Klean Kanteen perfectly.
Great solution that allows us to use the steel, safe sippys with the Avent systemI bought these to use for my klean kanteens that have the sippy adaptor and they fit perfectly.
The only drawback is that they are very easy to lose.
Sometimes I notice condensation inside so they do have to be cleaned regularly to prevent any mildew/mold from growing there.
But overall they work great for the priceThis pinch guard goes on easy (and comes off easy on the rare occasion that we want to close the door to our playroom).
The kids used to play with the door so much we talked about just taking it off.
Someone was always getting their fingers pinched.Since we got this they actually stopped playing with the door all together since it won't close.I would have given it 5 stars if it was just a little thicker - if it was it would also be able to prevent the hinge from closing on little fingers too.Overall, it does what it says it does, for a good price, without being permanentI got this in hopes of using it to keep the kitchen drawer open so that my baby could play and not pinch her fingers...
It works!!
I open the drawer and put it on the back corner and when she pushes on it to stand it wedges into the corner and makes the drawer stay open.
Love itI think these are sturdier than others we've tried and they makes them good for insistant toddlers.
Very good productLove it!
I don't have to worry about pinched fingers anymore.
We put it in top if the door and you don't even notice it's thereI try to keep ahead of what will harm my kids like covers over the oven knobs and a lock proof top for sparkletts water dispenser.
These are great too.
I can put them high enough that the kids can't get to them and don't have to worry about squished fingers.
My husband bought too many and he ended up using one on a remote for the TV so that the kids would stop losing it.
Talk about a great way to repurpose this thing.
It is sturdy and will stand up over timeI have a set of double doors going into the media room.
This foam piece s perfect.
The doors won't shut, no pinched fingersThis pinch guard is great.
It stays in place and super thick.
Easy packaging literally open and they are ready to go.
:(I am sure these were designed for the one option on the door and they work for that, but they did not address the other side and for that I give it a 2 star.I have since removed them and found that my daughter uses them as elf ears for dress up.
I thought they might be a little too good to be true but for $1.50 each I figured it wasn't a lot to risk.
Well, these are great!
It also helps on her bedroom door from hitting the squeaky spot (when we go in to check on her at night so we don't wake her).Very easy to take on the go to grandparents/hotelI have been using Playtex Bottles with liners since my second child was born.
I must say I loved the drop-ins until the expandable drop-ins came out.
When my 3rd child started using 8 oz, I started searching for an alternative.
I love that if you squeeze the air out of these that there is no chance of the liner popping off the ring and milk going everywhere.
I love the more compact packaging and that the liners can be pulled easily out of the carton when needed.
They do only go to 8 oz but I have never had a baby to take more than 8 oz at one time.
Dropins cost more for the amount you are getting.
You just stretch them around the bottle top, hold on to them, and carefully fill them.
Standard liners though stay air free better than the Dropins.
I didn't even know they still made this kind.
On the negative side, you can forget trying to measure water in these, I have to use a glass measuring cup and just pour in the amount needed which takes away their portability.
So, these work in a pinch.
I will not be purchasing them again however.
Leave it to me, the bargain shopper who buys in bulk, only 2 more boxes to goThese inserts certainly work, but I will say that it takes longer to install them than the Drop-ins variety.
I think I will keep both varieties on hand since they serve different functionsThese worked well and were easy to use but we are tall people.
I'm so happy with this one...I originally bought the "Mommy's Helper Slide-Lok Bi-Fold Door Lock" which was a good idea but poorly executed.
It's easy.
My kid's cant reach it.
These work well on slated bi-fold doors.Pros:Can unlock the mechanism and then open the closet with 1 hand, important with baby in other handInexpensiveBlend in nicely with the white painted doorKeeps toddler from rearranging the closetsCons:The locks aren't as sturdy as a thicker plastic or a metal lock would be (these locks are plastic) and if my toddler really wanted to get into the closet, in another year or so he might be able to pull hard enough to break in.
(But he hasn't busted into the closet yet.
)In all, the product does what it says, keeps my toddler out of the pantry.I recommend purchasing these locksWe tried several different bi-fold locks before finally finding this one that works.
We first tried to put them on the bottom of the doors, which worked just fine until our 1 year old figured out how to work them (after 1 day!).
We actually had to end up disassembling it and using only the outside part of it without the knob.
The fit is now a bit loose but the lock does what we want it to do, keeps the kids outThis product does what it says, however it is not very useful if the door it's on is one that is opened frequently.
We have a coat/shoe closet in our entryway that we intended to use this on.
The doors are opened just about every time someone enters and exits the house.
We will not be using this productThese things are great!
They work well to keep toddlers out of closets and such but they will go flying if you forget it's on there and just open the door with a bit of force.
I purchased these for all the closets in my home and found that with solid oak doors I had to remove the adjuster piece to get it to fit...not an issue but I don't think they work quite as well without that bit of reinforcement.
I also purchased some for the pediatric therapy place to keep littles out of the toy closets and am always told that the other moms love it and want to know where it was purchased!
Overall I believe they work well as a training tool to help teach toddlers places that are off limits but eventually the kids will figure out how to yank the door open and send it flyingUnless you have 20 minutes to kill while your baby is screaming for a bottle, you don't want this.
Now, supposedly this warmer can be used with Dr. Brown's bottles but the combination didn't work for us.
First of all, the bottle has to be positioned in the warmer a certain way so that it presses a safety latch to keep the warmer on.
So we were not able to restart our car until it was removed by a mechanic.
Save yourself the experience of standing on the side of the road with a hungry baby on a rainy day due to this productIt takes 20-30 minutes to warm a 6-8 oz bottle so you need to aniticipate feeding times.
Also it helps to speed it up if you remove it a couple of times and shake the bottle to cycle the milk around.
Bottles that have bottoms that curve inward don't press the sensor to heat.
I managed to stack some coins between the sensor and the bottle and this fixed the probably.
The first one I bought died after about 15 uses.
The second one outlived my son's bottle use, and it worked great.
You do have to shake the bottle to distribute the heat evenly and test it, but that's normal for any bottle warmer.
Ours worked in about 10 minutes, but it depends on how warm your baby likes their bottle.
It does take a long time to warm up a bottle with this, so you do have to anticipate the need for a bottle.
The smaller the bottle, the faster the formula will warm up.
The bottles (we use VentAir) do not touch the "on" sensor, and it takes more than 30 minutes to warm our 8 oz bottles.
Our son will not take them luke warm, he likes them very warm.How we made it work for us:Clothes pin that we just clip on over the sensor to turn the warmer on.And one hour before our son's feeding time we start warming the bottle.Very slow process, I wish I would have done more research upon buying this warmerTons of fun for a tiny totOur son loves us stacking them down across the room, crawling over to them and knocking them down.
Cute little toy for him to play withMy son has enjoyed these stacking cups since age 6 months and still at 1 year they are one of his favorites!
They are so simple but he loves themThese are great stacking cups!
escapeMy son is 20 months old, and we got these cups well over a year ago.
They're still one of his favorite toys!When he was little, we'd build towers out of them, and he'd knock them down.
When he was a bit older, he'd yell into them or bang the cups together.
Now he can nest and stack them on his own.
I love to see all the way he can come up to play with such a simple toy!
(I'm really big on toys that don't "do stuff" but encourage kids to use their creativity.
)We also use them to teach him about colors ("can you bring mommy the green cup?"
No matter what other fancy toys were around she went to the cups first to play with.
They nest inside each other or stack when turned upside down.
That&#8217;s a nice little addition to them.I am marking them down a star for either not being BPA free or not listing they are BPA free.
I will not be letting my son put these in his mouth and shame on the company for not making BPA free products.
My only other very tiny gripe is there are 2 yellow cups, it would be nice if there were no repeating colors.
That&#8217;s definitely not a big deal, but it seems like they could&#8217;ve done a dark purple or teal or something other than repeating a color.
There are two picutres on the Amazon page of cups that are 2 different color schemes.
The set we received is: yellow, pink, light blue, dark blue, green, yellow, orange and purple.
Other than those two issues, this is a very simple and enjoyable toyMy 7.5 month old daughter enjoys these cups.
She loves mouthing them and banging them together.
The cups can also be stacked into a tower, but not securely.
Each cup is a different color and all the cups are easy for my daughter to hold.
My package came with a free plastic link, which was great to attach certain toys to the infant car seat.
However, the link cannot be attached to any of these stacking cups!
Oh well.
I still like free things!My daughter enjoys simple toys, such as these.
If your baby seems to enjoy classic style toys or you're not sure, then you should get this toy (or any type of stacking cups/blocks).
My husband found a great way to entertain our daughter.
He would line up the cups, do some spirit fingers over the cups, quickly place the cups into one another and then give a "ta-da!"
She always laughedThis set is used so much by my kids.
The sizes and weight are great.
I think this is a perfect baby shower giftCute cups for the kids to play with.
Make great bath toys.
Colors are nice.
I would buy as a gift in futureMy 8 month old absolutely loves these cups.
This seems to be his favorite toy.
He is too young to stack them but he loves watching me stack them and then knocking them over.
He also loves banging them together, banging them on other things, dumping them out of a bucket, pulling them apart (when nested inside each other), chewing on them, and playing with them in the bath.
I love that they compactly nest inside each other so they are easy to bring along in a diaper bag.
I recently brought these to a baby play group and all the other babies dropped their toys and picked up these cups and started playing with them instead!
They are so simple, but really the ultimate baby toy.Note: the colors are different than the ones picturedThese cups are a favorite in my house.
dishwasher safe and colorful- so we always have a couple on hand to keep my son occupied, even during mealtime since they can be cleaned easilyI cannot tell you how many hours a day my baby sits on the floor and plays with these cups.
These were a last minute stocking stuffer and i'm so glad i bought these!!!
Even taking 1 or 2 of these to the Dr.s office or to play with while we eat dinner....just 2 is entertainment enough!
These are also good bathtime toysI was excited to get this.
I love this and so do the children.
It washes up nicely on the top rack of my dishwasher.
He likes to put other toys in them and dump them out.
Hold up fine in the dishwasherI bought these sturdy cups for my grand-daughter, age one year.
This age and beyond love to explore with objects that can be stacked, nested, and rolled.
She also uses them in her wading pool to the same effect.
Great productMy 8 mo old loves these.
She mostly just knocks them down and bangs them together, but she does actively play with them.
They are durable, colorful and they stack well.
The set we received had colors that were different from the pictures, but I actually like the colors we received moreGreat toy!
The cups are durable, the colors are nicer than shown online, and they stack well.
This is one of my daughter's favorite toysWhat a simple toy!
At first I couldn't visualize how a baby (my first) could find a set of stacking cups interesting and enjoyable.
Well, at first all he did was scatter them about.
Then he started banging things with them.
Then he started holding them in his hands and walking around with them as if he had hooves.
Then he smiles at his accomplishment.
We take them everywhere.
It's a simple and inexpensive delight.Gary PetersonLove these.... different colors, the bottoms have a number on them and the holes match the number when possible (3 is a triangle, four is a square, etc...) also, the number of holes matches the number on the cup... this toys will grow with my LO and has a small enough footprint that it can travel with us easilyMy baby loved these the first time I put them out!
Sometimes it takes a few times before she likes something, but these stackers were fun right away!
They are bright and colorful and funThey stack inside of each other and also stack as a tower.They have holes in the bottom to prevent suction.
So 3 has three triangle holes, 4 has four square holes, etcmy 9 month old son love these cups, the quality is very good and the colors are beautiful, he plays with these everydayMy daughter loves these cups!
It's a year later, and he still loves them.
He is able to figure out a million ways to use these cups and they are always a go-to toy for him.
I highly recommend themThis simple and inexpensive toy is still going strong after a lot of play logged in.
Get thisMy son's PT recommended we get these for help during tummy time- they held his interest as we moved themI wanted to buy the Green Sprouts stacking cups but Amazon offered them w/ free shipping one day and then the next it would be sold by a different vendor without the free shipping.
They also have tiny holes in the bottom of the cups - each in a different shape as well as numbers on the bottom too.Our daughter is 6 1/2 months old and I put a few of the cups out on the blanket for her to clutch and play with during belly time as well as other toys.
Last night she had a cup in each hand and was waving them around.
They are worth whatever you have to dole out.
The awesome thing is that they travel easily.
I would have these bought even before baby is born because they're good to have on stand-by.
They're amongst the best baby toys everI actually got this second hand at a garage sale but this product is very duable and my 9 month old daughter loves to play with these, likes to use in the tub also.
I teach my baby sequence of large to small, 1 to 8, 8 to 1, different colors, and it shows them cause and effect too, when they push the finished stack, everything comes down and at first they are surprised but then they quickly learn that it is what happens when you push a stack of cups down.
The cups do not stack well at all.
I returned these and will look for cups that stack better.I will admit, if you wanted something for your child to play with, toss around, these are okay and an okay price.
For the purpose of stacking, these just are not that great.
DisappointedWe bought these for our 5 month old son.
A classic.
Great buyThese are great.
Your child can play with them in so many different ways.
An added bonus: they can be used to teach counting and colorsThis is a hit.
Baby loves these.
We know they will always offer consistent entertainment for out little one.
My grand daughter is only old enough to knock them down at this point but she's having funWe mostly use these in the bath, my son is 6 months now but we have had them since he was born.
When he was first born we just used them as a cup for washing but now he grabs all of them and bash them together and splash water everywhere and tries to drink out of them.
They are fun out of the bath too, though!
:0) love themI don't know what it is about these cups, but they are my son's favorites.
He is happy and content to just crawl around on the floor holding the cups.
As he gets older, I think he will be able to start stacking and building with them as well.
A great investment and a happy baby/mommaThe cups are just slightly smaller than I was expecting but they are a great size for my 6 month old.
Seriously, it's so so simple but so loved.
My two year old has a ton of toys but will still dig to the bottom of the toy box daily just for this set.
He loves building a tower with them or nesting them.
He likes pretending to drink out of them.
And he loves seeing if his other toys will fit in them.
Our Little People Farmer is commonly seen hanging out in one of the cups.
My kid spends lots of time playing with these and she takes them even in the tub sometimes.
I have already given the same ones as presents as i think that every parent should have theseThese cups are wonderful for a little one, they stack easily and nicely and fun to topple over.
The colors that are pictured here are not what I received, I actually got two cups that were the same color, but thats okay for me.Pros:- The size is perfect, you can't really go wrong with stacking toys.- Each block has a number on the bottom and with the number is a coordinating hole.
The holes are different shapes too, which I love.- They are perfect for the tub- Easily fit in your purse for an extra toy at a restaurantHonestly, I have nothing negative to say about these, they are constantly being tossed around, stacked and knocked togetherMy baby loves these cups!
(6 months).
Right now she just likes to chew on them and throw them on the floor and watch them spin, but I am excited that she can still learn to stack them later.
according to the number it says on the bottom of the cup.
Great price especially compared to other brandsMy 1 year old son plays with the cups everyday.
He drinks from them imaginary drinks and cheers with our glasses.It is great toy to help baby learn how to stack objects, place them inside, learn colors and numbers.It is well made, there's no sharp corners and my only wish is that it could be 10 cups for full counting 1 to 10My granddaughter plays with these often.
A must have for any child's toy box.This would make a great baby shower gift.
they have slits in the bottom.
so simple but my baby (6 mo) LOVES theseSo, the cups have a recycle code #7 which is listed as not safe, I called the company are they reassured me that it is (??).
My guess is that it's not safe to use plastics with code #7 to warm up maybe?
Not sure.
These are a great way to keep your child out of the measuring cups and have something fun to play with for a long time.
I would recommend from age 5 or 6 months to at least a year and a half, maybe longerIt's just a bunch of plastic cups and yet my baby loves these.
But she loves to knock them down when I stack them or take two of them and bang them together.
I looked at a lot of different stacking toys but there aren't any really great ones out there so this one does the jobGreat first &#34;real&#34; toy for a baby.
My son played with those cups for hours when he was 8-10 months.
Recently, he does not stack cups but he throws them from top of the stairs and he has so much fun.
Every baby should have itMy daughter really loves these stacking cups.
She can easily stack up and nest them with ease and they can be played with both in and out of water.
I love them because they are super sturdy, can be washed when needed, take up little space, and are bright.
The First Years Stack N Count Cups are really one of the best stacking cups out there and I highly recommend them if you are looking for a simple toy that will provide multiple options of play and will last for many years to comeJust be warned...these cups have holes in the bottom.
That said, the baby likes them and they're fine for the pricefun to bang, fun to eat, fun to carry!
easy wash and put away.
We didnt know that they had cut outs and numbers but its cuteThey're smaller than I expected, but it makes it easy for baby to pick up.
A great, simple toy to practise stacking, counting, size (big and small), and coloursMy daughter loves these, especially in the bath.
She also splashes the water with them and bangs them together.
TOTALLY worth theMy preemie is 12 mos corrected age and loves these!
The bright colors and relatively small size of the cups make these ideal for small hands.
Definitely recommend theseI just love these cups.
My grandson loves them as much as my children did.
I ordered it when my son was 16 months, now 18.
But they never got used as stacking cups.
Now that she is older (15 months) she loves to nest the cups inside one another.
They are great in her water table as well and I'm sure will be just as fun in sand.
They are great in the pool (they float) and indoors.
You can work on colors and teaching baby how to stack the cups.
Also can be cleaned in the dishwasherThis is great for many ages.
Equally fun from 6 months to 5 years oldMy 12 month old loves these.
I think this is a simple toy that encourages her to use her imagination during play time.
She consistently goes for them often during play times.Each cup has a number on the bottom and they have tiny holes cut into bottom to correspond with the number - so 3 has 3 triangles, 4 has 4 squares, etc.Overall a great purchase, especially for the priceWe were very surprised that such a simple and inexpensive toy would be used for so long by my son when he was a baby.
And now we got them out for a new baby he still enjoys playing with them at almost 3 years old.
Since there is no regulation for these things who knows how accurate this is.
But the cups are well made and the colors are vibrant.
cute simple toyI bought this when my daughter was 6 months old and its one of our favorite toys!
She enjoys banging it around, looking at the bright colors and finds different ways to play with it.
Very good buyWe like these so much we have two sets.
Lately she's figure out how to stack them inside of each other.
Great, simple, inexpensive learning toygreat smaller size stacking cupsWe purchased these for our 16-month old toddlers.
For months, every time they played with these at their Grandparent's house or Aunt's and Uncle's house, this was always the first toy they gravitated towards.
Anyway, here's my likes and dislikes:Likes-* easy to stack cups inside one another* need to stack cups in exact descending order in order to create a tower (if you don't stack the number 7 cup, the number 6 cup will not sit correctly on the 8)* it's top rack dishwasher safe!
Woo hoo- so if you have kids like mine, they pretend they are drinking out of the cups, you don't have to be hand washing the cups all of the time* develops concentration and fine motor skillsRecommendations/Wish List-* I wish they would have chosen primary and secondary colors, and ordered the cups according to the color wheel* I find it odd that they didn't include ten cups, there are only eight in the set&lt;&lt;Hello AuntieMy son loves to tear down the towers, pound the cups on the floor and chase the cat with them.
She can't reassemble them yet but she loves pulling them apart when they're all stacked up.
The cups on their own are also interesting to her, which surprised me because they don't really do anything.
She definitely enjoys chewing on them, though, and they're actually great for training her to army crawl because they often roll away from her grasp, but not as far or as fast as a ball does.
We have like 2 of the cups in each room for her to play with.
They are sturdy and colorful.
He is learning how things stack and loves to put them together and take them apart.
They are one of his favorite toys.
Happy I bought themWho would have thought?
These are inexpensive, there are a bunch of them in case I misplace some there are more and our grand baby has loved them since four months of age and she at 10 months still loves them.
She first liked to hold one then there were two, one for each hand.
Very quickly they were fun to bang together and still are.
He nests them inside one another and inside out and stacked up.
He likes to clank them together as well.
They are BPA free and the colors (although not as pictured) are nice and bright.
These are fabulous, I have 4 kids and I have purchased a few sets now.
My original set from the 90's still looks like new.
They are perfectly designed for little fingers to pull out.
My daughter has an easier time pulling these out than my husband and the tab sticks out in a way that makes pulling it out tempting for her.
Bare outlets would be saferMy 22 month old just greeted me with a handful of these outlet covers.
Sigh.
Get the old fashion one that us parents have a hard time getting outat first i liked these because they were easy to take out.
the only outlet option that i've found works are the plate covers.
Once you get into the habit of cleaning them, it's no big deal.
Plus, once your baby gets ready for cereal, the Dr. Brown's Y-cut nipples are wonderful.
Some work by letting air in from various places (avent-around the threads of the collar, playtex-through tiny perforations in the base), others work by not letting air in at all, but collapsing the container instead (playtex liners...etc).
This is accomplished by maintaining an open, unobstructed airway to the formula.
The tradeoff here is that the bottle will leak if inverted for any period of time or shaken vigorously.
I guess that the end of the day you don't buy these purely for convenience - you buy them because they're the best for your baby's feeding.
Our child was very colicy during her first 3 months.
We tried avent, playtex, and others.
We got a few Dr browns free at a baby show, and have purchased and used them exclusively since.ps: We were first skeptical with all the parts, but these all wash easily with some creative placement in the dishwasherI heard so many good things about these bottles, and after no success with the also praised Avent system, I switched to Dr. Brown's.
My 2-month-old son spits up even more after feeding (sometimes twice) with the Dr. Brown bottles.
I have not noticed any less gas, either, and the nipples flow way too fast for him, even though I purchased the smallest size.
I'm primarily breast feeding but, when I have to use bottles, these work great.
Very little (if any) air gets to baby & baby seems to have no trouble transitioning between these bottles & natural nipples.
They do have a few pieces but, are easy to disassemble, clean up easily in the dishwasher & reassemble very quickly.
Highly recommendThese 8 oz bottles are fantastic.
Yes, you will still need to burp your baby, but they will burp easily and fast without any stomach aches.
Refrigerate what baby does not finish and don't worry about fixing so many bottlesIt is true that these bottles have quite a few parts to clean, but I consider it totally worth it.
My son loves the nipple, as a previously breastfed baby it was easy for him to transfer to this bottle.
My daughter did not like the standadr nipples.
My daughter did much better with the wide neck bottles.
A little time consuming to clean, but worth it if it helps.
I also would highly recommend you consider the playtex premium nurser bottles in which you squeeze all the air out of the liner before feeding your baby.
Dr. Browns and the Playtex Nursers are the best bottles on the marketIn the beginning, my son had a terrible time with gas bubbles in his stomach.
He was difficult to burp, so no help there.
Yes, there are 2 extra pieces to wash, but that's trivial compared to the alternativeMy baby is 6 months old and she keeps spitting up.
I decided to try the Dr. Brown's bottles and what a difference it has made!
My baby is SIGNIFICANTLY less gassy.
Yes, the extra parts are a pain to clean but it's definitely worth itI love these bottles!
The extra time cleaning and putting together these bottles is definitely worth having a happy baby that doesn't spit upOfcourse I havent started using these bottles just yet but I have always wanted Dr. brown's bottles so when I saw them at such a great price I had to buy.
I like the sturdiness of the bottlesI bought these bottle and Evenflo bottles when my son was born.
What a big difference.
After just two days, I threw away the Evenflo's and bought more Dr. Brown's and have had no problems.
My son had not problems going from breast to bottle.
Best buy everOK..so they're more expensive than most of the bottles out there--However, I LOVE them and my baby thanks me for it!
I did notice that after I started using these bottles, my baby was MUCH more happy and had less gas and spit up than he usually had.
Needless to say, with Dr. Brown's bottles, he no longer strains nor sweats when he eats!!
It takes some getting used to washing the small parts, but it's worth the extra effort.
The small brush which comes with the starter kit is essential to clean the small parts.
A regular bottle brush is fine for the bottles themselves.
The starter kit comes with Level-1 nipples.
You will likely need to graduate your baby to Level-2 niplles at 3-months of age and Level-3 nipples at 6-months of age.
Y-cut nipples are also available for thicker liquids (cereal mixed in milk).If you leave expressed breast-milk in these bottles in the refigerator, the fat tends to stick to the vent (just as a FYI).
My baby hardly needs burping with these bottles, they are that great (he doesn't have reflux by the way).
The caps snap on loudly which is the only con I can think of.I highly recommend these bottles.
I've suggested these bottles to two of my friends whose babies have refulx and they have seen an improvement.
One lasts for about 6-8 weeksBefore My baby arrived I did all my research for the best bottles & these bottles were my one & only choice.
NO GAS at all.
You can actually see how there is no air being sucked as the baby eats.
We used wide necks when we started supplimenting but after I saw that he was swallowing little bit of air through the sides because the nipple was too big for his little mouth to fit around we quickly switched to these which are even better.
takes longer to wash- BIG DEAL...EITHER THROW THEM IN THE DISHWASHER OR like me, washing them by hand which takes 1 min longer BUT your baby is happy & Gas free.
I highly recommend these bottles over any other ones out thereThese bottles worked great for us.We started out with the Avent bottlesand our baby developed colic for about two weeks-switching to Dr. Brown's bottles really helped.The colic stopped within the week and we have notlooked back.
I am very happy that I did!
The bottles are designed to help your baby eat calmly and slowly.
The Dr. Brown's bottle slows her down and she eats safely and comfortably.
She is very healthy and content, and this is the most important factor in choosing a bottle.
I am currently hand-washing them.
I do 8 at a time and have my bottles for the next 24-hour period.
I've been nothing but pleased with these bottles.
They will be our choice from start to finishWe tried Avent first and my son never could drink from that big nipple very well.
When we used bottles Dr. Brown seem to cause less gas and he enjoyed them betterThese are great bottles!My baby is breastfed and we started using these bottles for my husband to feed our baby pumped breast milk when he was five weeks old and did not have any trouble with nipple confusion.
We used the "preemie" nipples so that the flow was not too fast and he had to work at sucking like he would at the breast.
The bottles seem like a good quality.
It takes a bit more effort to clean, but isn't too difficultWhen my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including Evenflo, Triflow, Avent, etc.
Dr Brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
We ended up throwing all other bottles away.
We don't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything.
Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
Otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
When we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and had to return them because we never needed them.
So, my only suggestions are1.
hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them (or at least don't open the package until you need to) and2.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
So, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger sizeBoth bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
We tried and used both bottles with our boy.
The real deal between the two is the nipple.
The nipple on Avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the Brown bottles.
When we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the Avent bottles.
He just couldn't get comfortable around the nipple.
As he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the Avents.
Cleaning Dr. Brown's bottles SUCKS!
Plus, the Brown bottles are thinner but taller and just don't seem to pack away as well.
However, if your baby is picky there isn't much you can do.
Buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.
Only 4 stars because of the cleaning issuesMy son has GERD and has done very well with these bottles and Enfamil A.R..
My 4-month old can't use Avent at all, does better with Playtex Ventaire, but is most comfortable with these.
He eats easily, without spitting up, he doesn't have to stop every few swallows to rest like he does with other bottles.
I do think every baby has different bottle needs though.
My daughter used Playtex Ventaire and did wonderfully with them (we didn't know about Dr. Browns bottles then), but my son really has to have the Dr. Browns.
But, these are excellent bottlesi don't think they are any better then platex drop in's.
just they have more parts to cleanThere's a reason so many people give these bottles 5 stars !
The colic/gas stopped on the very first day I used them, words cannot describe that feeling.
I do recommend skipping the purchase of the 4 oz.
TRUST ME DR. BROWN'S ARE FABULOUS !!
I have been using them for 2 months now and I am so happy I agreed to try them.
Among the others that I had previously tried were the Avent and Playtex VentAire bottles but Dr. Brown's were the only "anti-colic" bottles that worked.
So, what is an extra 2-3 minutes.
Nothing!!
Everyone says, yes they are great bottles but there are so many parts to clean.
I will stand by these bottles all the way...less gas, less smacking when he eats and a happier baby in the end.
And, I have tried every bottle including, Avent, Playtex vent air, MAM and others.
Also, get the 8 oz bottles right away.
If you spend the money on the smaller bottles because you baby only eats 4 oz now, he/she will be eating more in a few weeks/months and then you will have to buy more bottles.
3oz fits into an 8 oz bottle so why not just get the larger bottles right awayUnfortunately, I was suckered in to all the hype about the Dr. Brown's bottles.
I used them for 5 months and finally got so fed up with all of the problems that I bought all new bottles.
They leaked standing upright or laying down.
They have never leaked and I'm not afraid to look in the bottle bag anymore when we are outI must say these are truly worth buying!
My baby had trouble drinking from nipples when she was born and we literally tried EVERY bottle/nipple out there.
We tried them and the baby did great.
bottles....the 8 oz.
Babies don't drink only 4 oz.
These bottles were like a miracle.
I recommend them to anyoneMy son had quite a bit of colic and gas when he was first born.
We tried all the other bottles and had settled down with the Avent which were okay.
However, my Mom spoke to a friend who had had similiar problems with her baby and she recommended the Dr. Brown's.
I would highly recomeend these bottlesI bought these because my daughter was a spitter.
So I bought these to try and she hated them.
I have also tried the Avent and she got to much ait with those too.
The ones she likes and works best are the playtex nursers.
plus she was easier to burb.
Just be ready to spend the extra time washing all the little parts that are insideThese bottles are great if you have a colicky baby.
People complain about the extra pieces being a pain to wash.
If you put them in the dishwasher, it's not that big of a deal.
These bottles get rid of the air bubbles almost entirely which helps when your child has reflux or is really gassy.
I nursed my twins for about 4 1/2 months, so I thought the Avent would be the best.
However, they leaked and formula would actually squirt from the sides of my boys mouth.I tried the Dr. Browns, and my boys took right to them.
And I do wish they made handles to attach so it would be easier for my boys to learn to hold their bottles.These are still by far my boys favorite bottleI admit, I was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the Playtex Nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
We tried everything to help him.
Then she brought me these.. and he has not had a problem since... My son is a happy baby again!!!!
I am so happy with these.
I read on here that cleaning them is a pain.. but that is just not so.
OH!!!
And these bottles fit on my Medela pump, so I can just pump right in the bottle!!!!
Oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at Babies R Us... just in case you prefer them.
I wish I had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.OH!!
just discovered thatThese are the best bottles ever and the only ones we'll use.
Cleaning them can be a pain because of all the parts, but they are well worth it.
The idea behind the vent is great but what a pain to put together!
We discovered that Evenflo and Avent bottles work just as well and are cheaperMy mother purchased this for me from TJmaxx or Ross or something.
This Dex one is also cheaper at walmart online.
Do your baby a favor and buy a BPA free one somewhere else, and freeze your baby food in tiny PyrexI ordered this online because I couldn't find it in the stores and it arrived without a working motor.
This is the 2nd baby food processor of two different brands where I've had trouble with the motors.
I decided to use a manual food mill instead (which can be ordered from Amazon.com) and has pretty good reviews, tooI like this little processor for mixing up small quantities of food.
True, it doesn't hold a ton, but I does what I bought it for - I make a few days worth at a time.- Holds about 8 oz of food comfortably at a time (so it mixes well, etc)- I think this is a good size to make fresh food and to try new foods (without making a bunch if it's not a hit!
I didn't have a regular food processor and for me a blender just didn't work quite right and I thought it was harder to get the food mixed.Some hints I also found when investigating making baby food are:- After mixing if you want to freeze any, just use ice cube trays.
Each cube is about 1 oz and once they're frozen, pop them out and put in a zip-loc for storage.- If you're just getting started, I thought this website was useful and had good ideas - - wholesomebabyfoodGood luckO produto &eacute; pr&aacute;tico e do tamanho ideal para preparar as refeies do beb.
Facilita bastante nas viagens onde vc mesmo pode preparar as refeies de seu filhoI think that this food processor is a bit small for when you want to do big batch of food but I love it because :1.
It gives a really smouth purees2.
It's easy to clean (diswasher !!!)3.
Usefull even with toddlers who are not always comfortable with meatThis toy box is everything I was hoping for.
Its roomy, light weight and easy to assemble.
Also I love that the top doesn't just slam shut, that way when my daughter puts her toys away she won't smash her fingersI was very impressed on how fast it was delivered, in less than a week - product was well packed.It doesn't look excatly like the picture, there are some visible "bolts" and the finish is alright, the bolts look ok with the style - the greatest feature is the fact it doesn't close automatically so it is safe for children, which is what I need.It's good for a kid room but I would not put this in a living room as again the finish is not great but for the price, I can't complain - overall I would recommend it for a kid roomNice construction/hinge.
A couple of scratches, but not worth sending back for.
A previous review said the Walnut color was more cherry.
Walnut IS dark Walnut, not a cherry color (fyiPurchased this less than 1 month ago and had my husband put it together.
We sent it back without a fuss from Amazon and decided I wanted to give it one more go because I loooooooooved the look so much.2nd time around:B-E-A-UTIFUL!!!!!!!!!
It's big enough for all the living room toys and my 1 year old son can fit in it so I hope one day he'll enjoy playing IN it too!
The hinge works fine although the top does not come down all the way (maybe 1 inch gap, you can push it down but it will pop back up if that makes any sense)...but this is not a big issue for me.
I filled out the necessary information, found the piece that I needed to order and within two days it arrived at my door free of charge.
Excellent!
The only bummer is that the original hinge that came with the toy box was bronze and the spare that they sent me in the mail was silver.
Not a big deal since the hinges are located inside the box, but still.
Overall I love the box - we got it for our 18-month-old to hold the toys in his room.
It's perfect because it won't slam his fingers (the lid stops in any position) and it's big enough to hold all of his obnoxiously large toys without taking up too much space in his room or being too big for him to get things out of.
I was alone.
The beauty speaks for itself.
This will last them until they're grown.
It is a deep dark espresso and has a measurement of 31 " L by 17-" D by19-" H .Has a very nice shine on it.
We are very happy with our toy box!!!!
The lid is also strong, my husband has sat on it a few times and it shows no signs of wear.
Excellent productThis was very easy to put together and is good quality for the price.
No big deal and not noticeable.
There were no scuffs scratches or dents in the paint/wood which I find to be a common issue with theses types of productsWas easy for my husband to assemble and was in good shape when it arrived which really surprised us because a lot of packages coming overseas to APO get damaged.
Fit all of our two year olds toys.
We will definitely need to get another one when the second comes.
Our son closes the lid and climbs on top of it all the time.
He even jumps on it.
Within a short amount of time you will realize it is very cheaply made,the nice dark paint will chip off & the hinge (which they claim will make it safer) will break.
It looks nice if it is not touched or used, but don't count on it lasting AT ALL when the kids start using it!!!!
However, 3 pieces came damaged.
The pieces came damaged because not enough protective packaging was used.
Nonetheless, once all the replacement pieces arrived, it was easy to assembleI just love to use those for my pumped breast milk.
Never had any issues.
I was told that Target brand fit drop-in bottles, but I never tried it.
I think the price for original (Playtex) liners are just fineThe playtex nurser is the only system my son will use.
He rejects all other bottles.
The drop-ins are easy to use, and keep a shape so you can accurately measure liquids, and easily handle themWe love these liners and bottles.
It really cuts down on the bottle washing as these liners are easily disposable after the feeding and they help with infusing extra gas into your baby.AI've used these since I went back to work and they work great for me, baby, and my mother-in-law.I used to pump directly into the liners using this system:Playtex Drop Ins System Breast StorageNow I pump directly into the Medela bottles but I still transfer the milk to the liners using the adapter rings when I give the milk to my MIL everyday.Easy to store, cheaper than storage bags, and we've never had an issue with leaking.Sometimes the lines showing the ounces can be difficult for my MIL to read and they don't correspond to the ounce labels on the bottle when you use the adapter rings so I mark them with a sharpie.
Other than that...I love these.
I recommendI used these with my first son.
You have to be careful that you don't kink the liner when screwing on the nipple and make sure it is tight before squeezing the air out.
I used these bottles until he was a year old.
I have also found that some of the generic brand liners work just fine toohave been using the playtex system with my second daughter (who would not take any other bottle).
They are effective in keeping out the tiny air bubbles many bottles create.
I will keep orderingthese liners are great.
Esp if you have amazon prime and get free two day shippingGreat for doing faux formula for 'reborn' realistic baby dolls (hugely popular dolls that are extremely real, and some artists get thousands of dollars if they can recreate the minute realistic details of babies' skin; I've heard of some selling for $17,000.00).
Collectors want realism&#8230;.nothing more real than the stuff used for actual babiesMakes preparing milk bottles and feeding the baby so easy, my husband never complains when it's time for him to get a bottle ready and it's easy to storeI love it.
Especially for a working mom, I highly recommend this.
Amazon price is cheaper than babiesus even with 20% couponI love the whole Playtex Nurser system.
I had tried other systems, and the Playtex one, by far, was the best.
Always just need to make sure that I have enough liners.The pricing is good (it's worth 4 cents to me to not have to wash a bottle!).
And the product is secure.Very very occasionally it leaks if I put it in carelessly and didn't make sure the liner was solid and not a bit crumpled.
Even the pricing is fairI originally bought dr. brown bottles before the baby was born but at the hospital I had a hard time getting the baby to latch on - the lactation consultant suggested playtex nurser bottles because the nipple is very much shaped like the breast.
I recommend these bottles to everyone and gave my sister dr. brown's (who prefers the dr. browns).
Daddy loves them.
They don't take up much space as well, especially if you stack them in the nurserI love this system, I feel that it's really worth it.
Very cuteThese look so cute in my nephews room.
So cute and great qualityMatches the nursery with the bedding so perfect.
They are pretty big pieces too, which is great!
They are too preciousBy themselves they don't look like much.
If you go for the jungle babies, be sure that all pieces match.. We had to return the lamp and lamp shade because the characters were different than the rest of the ensemble.
Overall it looks great for a boys roomWe have a the NoJo Jungle Babies 6-piece crib set as well as the wall stickers and these hangings.
The hangings are great for the nursery with interesting characters, great colors, and a mixture of fabrics for depth and texture.
They are made from the same materials as the comforter so match perfectly.
They are durable and look great with my jungle decor.
Also, my son (10 weeks old) loves to stare at themMy little guy was getting too big for the normal plastic baby tub and I am not quite ready to have him be on his own in the tub right now.
This tub was perfect.
I also like that I can lay him down to rinse out his hair and he is comfortable and doesn't fight it like he did in the plastic tub.You can't go wrong with this purchaseso much safer than the matts, and if the baby falls shes hits the soft sides.
Keeps all of her toys around her as well so she is constantly occupiedMade in the USA!
I love this bath!!!
I love this tub and so does my daughter.
She loves that she can sit up and not slip and slide around.
I love that it is filled with beads instead of an air filled tub.
It is always dry by the next day.
It was definitely worth the priceI have the original safer bather and I'm thinking about purchasing this item and the reviews so far have been very helpful, however I have a few questions I'm hoping other reviewers can answer who own this:1. the original is more of a cushion and the material mildews after a while, do the beads in this one do the same or is it a different material?2.
She cried hysterically the second I put her in it the first time.
Granted, this is just our experience, but I will say that I think part of the issue was she couldn't splash in it.
Also, I did rinse it off and hang it to dry, and after three uses it already had that 'sour' smellThis works well for its intended use.
It is versatile...put it one way for an infant who still needs to lay down, and flip it over to be more like a bath for a larger baby who can sit on his own.
I tried hanging it in the shower, hanging it in the garage, hanging it outside in the sun, laying it outside in the sun.
I tried washing it with Oxyclean.
I tried bleaching it.
Tub doesn't float with the baby in it and my son loved it!
Not once did it slide and he loved hitting the tub and hearing the sound of the beads inside.
Very roomy tub and I even use it as a play pad after it is done drying.
It helps sit him up and even if he slides the bumper sides are awesome.
You can have baby on their tummy to wash their back comfortablyGreat for my daughter who has used this since she was about 6 months old.
Bright colors kept my son engaged during his bath.
Fits perfectly inside our standard size tub.
IT SMELLS!
He fits perfectly in this lying down.
It has a no slip bottom which I love.
I thought the fabric was smooth.
I wouldnt want it on my bare skin.
I tried my son in it once and he screamed hysterically and I haven't used it since.
The tub arrived in a timely manner, was priced perfectly, and was ready to go straight out of the box.
It is just the right height for his head and arms to rest comfortably on during bath since he isn't able to hold his head up yet.
As we didn't purchase this tub when our child was an infant, I would still highly recommend it for anyone with or about to have a newborn.
Plus, if you just want to leave your newborn/infant in his/her diaper for a sponge bath it is perfect.
Definitely a must have for any first time parent who is intimidated by bath time with their newborn and/or infant.
Great transitional tub tooI received The First Year's Infant to Toddler tub as a shower gift.
It worked OK while we still had the sling in it but I have a large son (98% percentile) so he outgrew it very quickly.
It is very versatile and you can use it as a tub or flip it over to use as a sling.
He can lay on his tummy while it's in the sling position making it very easy to actually wash him without having to hold him up with both arms.
I have been using it 3-4 times a week for just about a month now and have had no problems at all with it getting a musty odor as others have mentioned.
My only complaint is the sides could have just a little more beads in them so it is not so floppy if the tub isn't filled all the way.
It fills almost the whole tub anyways and I use the extra tub space to float toys for my son to reach for while on his tummy when it's flipped over to be more of a sling/lounge.
What a drawbak for me.. and I discovered this too late and wasn't able to return it.
I learned my lesson the hard way to real all available reviews carefully before I purchaseAlthough they take up less space for storage I did not want an inflatable insert for the tub.
This is true.
She likes the texture of it and the fact that she can squish it.
She loves itNot recommended, To messy and just not worth the headache.
Not worth the trouble or finding a place to store itI wish I had this for my first kid.
This is a very comfortable way to wash a newborn.
Having the water fill up the cushion keeps her nice and warm.
We hang this over the tub after each use and have had no problems in 4.5 months I highly recommend itThis was really great for my newborn daughter.
At 4 weeks we switched to the Primo Eurobath Tub (which is TERRIFICWe found this wasn't the best thing to use in the bath regularly.
It takes over a day to dry, which means if you use it daily you can expect mold/mildew.We did find it useful around the house outside the tub.
If you ever need to lay your baby down somewhere secure and don't have time to prep it, this bath pad makes a handy pad that keeps your child in positionI have used this bath pad with both of my sons, one 2 and the baby is 6 months.
I've used the same one with no issues of mold but I wring it out really good and hang it up to dry.
My older son likes to use it as a little bean bag, so I guess that means it's comfortable.
I say if you're looking for a cheap way to bathe your baby in the tub, look no furtherThis is by far the best thing I have seen out there yet.
First, I have read and tried a lot of the other items out there- the foam mats, slings, tubs....
I bought the euro tub and it may in the future be a good thing but not right now...The Safer Bather works like a contoured pillow/sponge.
It will support baby on a slight incline and will keep her from rolling off either side or down.
It was the most perfect thing to use when our daughter's belly button had not yet healed.Our daughter loved being placed on it when the warm water would press thru with her weight on the cushion.
It also dries very very quickly and can hand up in your shower.I have even used it in our sink and it supports her perfectly!With all the others out there to choose from, this one is the best way to spend yourthis is a great washing tool for baby.
he doesn't slip and is comfortable lying on this.
this is probably good up until baby can sit up and move around on their ownAfter only a couple uses it started to smell like mildew.
And I always washed it out and hung it up to dry after using it.
Considering I live in the south, I was very hesitant to get this item.
I'm very glad I did.Let it be known I use this mostly in the stuffiest bathroom in the house (its easier to warm for bathing an infant) and I have a BAD tendency to get distracted after the bath and come back hours later with a still soaked bather to pull out of the tub and hang somewhere to air dry.
I've never had to toss it in the wash, it still smells like new.
I wash my baby every other day.
I have had not one problem with it and I love itI can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item.... Would not suggestSaw this bath pad, read the reviews, and had to have it!
Now, I absolutely love it!
It's the perfect pad for 1 parent to bath their infants!
With this pad, it so easy for me or my husband to bath our son with out any assistance from the other.
My son, absolutely loves his bath pad.
While he has a tendency to pooh on it... it does wash up nicely.
But it's not a big deal!
HIGHLY recommend!
Can't wait to buy it as a shower gift for a friendWe have used this tub since his very first bath and he just loves it!
Its cozy and easy to useThis is my FAVORITE baby item as a first time mom.
My infant son loves his baths thanks to this product.
He is safe, warm and cozy in this fabric cushion that literally dries faster than anything I've ever witnessed.
GET THIS!
You and your baby will love itI have been using this bather with my son for about 4 months.
I like how soft it is and my son seems to be comfortable in it.
He has dry skin, so I make the bath as quick as possible anyway.
I've read some of the other reviews about the bather not drying and mildew problems.
Twice I've rinsed the bather out with vinegar to kill bacteria and to keep it smelling fresh.
Would recommend for sure!
It does seem comfy for baby,but she does easily get cold in it.
There is n o way for baby to stay submerged in some water to stay warm.
I much prefer the first years safety tub.
There is a reason it's design has been around for years!
It just worksVery useful, very good quality, i totally love it!
What a relief...
This is the best bathing help I have found.
It holds him securely so that I can scrub away.
Keeps him warm and cozy the entire timeMy daughter had her first sponge bath with this and it has worked great ever since.
We put it in her Eurobath tub and she doesn't slide at all.
Bathtime is so much fun for everyone.
I highly recommend it to any parentI ordered this for some friends off their registry list and they loved it.
Highly recommend to allMy daughter was not the biggest fan of bath time until we got this bath pad.
I bought this before my 3rd son was born.
He's used it from day one & it's great!
he stays cozy and warm--it reclines him comfortably, too.
I haven't had any problems with mildew like a previous review mentioned, and we've been using it for 9 months now.
At about 3 weeks old we switched to this bath pad and he's been happy in the bath ever since.
He is comfortable and warm and now that he's 8 months old he can sit on it and not slide around in the tub or lay back while I wash him.
It's a great tool for not much money.
Mother to be is excited about it, but we won't know the thoughts until its used, then I'll re-rate itI used this for my daughter 3 years ago and now for my son who was just born in March.
The things I love are:1.It keeps the water warm and the baby stays cozy.2.
It is thick and comfy for baby.My baby loves taking baths and I'm sure this mat helps immenselyThis item should of been plastic not cloth.when put to dry mold grows.
It has a nice texture to keep slippery baby in place while you're bathing her, and it's VERY soft.
The Leachco bath pad fit the bill!
The bath pad absorbs water really well and seems comfortable for the baby in either a sitting position or a reclining position.
There is also a square indentation on it the makes it easy to clean the undercarriage!
The Leachco is bigger than the Summer Infant Comfy Bath Sponge and seems to be made of higher quality materials.
It is easy to dry between baths and I have had no issues with a mildew smell.
This has turned bath time into a fun and comfortable experienceI found that the idea of this bather was excellent.
I ended up using it as a cushion on the counter to dress her in.
I do not bath my baby without itThis is fits perfect inside my infant bathtub.
My babys head and ears stay safely out of the water.
Love itI can't say enough good things about this bather!
We bought it for our first son 2+ years ago and just bought a new one for our new baby.
It perfectly and gently cradles the baby in the bathtub so that they cannot squirm out and get submerged in the water or get water in their ears, mouth, etc.
The bather absorbs a lot of water, so if you dunk both sides into the warm water before putting the baby on it, his or her head and back is touching the warm water, which makes it nice.
Plus by 1-2 years old you don't need it anymore anyways.
It is also important to hang it up in the shower up the hanger provided after use and squeeze the water out or it can become a little bit stinky from mildew.
My baby loves to be able to splash and play and I love that he is comfortable.
I've had it for about a month and haven't had any issues with mold like some of the other reviewers had reported.
When not in use and dry I hang it from the shower curtainI love this thing!
Still using it with my first child, who's now 3 months.
The fact that it comes with a hanger helps a lot for drying.
I start filling the tub while he's laying in it, and it's nice that the water starts to surround his little butt and lower back to keep him warm, but still keep him safely in place.
Since it's soft you're able to easily reach spots without having to turn the baby too much.It IS pretty small though.
I'll definitely have to upgrade at some point, but it works great for nowThis pad is so much easier than a normal plastic baby tub.
Especially for a first baby and you're nervous about bathing anyway.
This thing keeps the baby warm, snug and safe in the baby tub or sink.
It just is a great thing and the baby loves it!
Great, great item!
One of the BEST parts is that it's WASHABLEI registered for it because of all the great online reviews.
I am so glad that I received it for a shower gift.
It is great!!
She fits in it perfectly and you do not have to worry about baby slipping or moving around.
The pillow cushions baby safely.
I had loved the inflatible bathtub I had for her 30 years ago, and the Leachco Safer Bather looked like a significantly improved bath aid.
After using this several times, I can say it has both it pluses and minuses.The bath pad is quite soft and makes an excellent cradle to help hold your infant while bathing.
If you are a first-time parent, then this bath pad will definitely provide you an extra measure of security and allow you to feel more comfortable when bathing your infant.
The pad will sit nicely on a counter; we found it did slide a bit and put some of the waffle-hole padding that one uses to keep rugs from slipping underneath it.
The cover stains if your baby has an "accident" - even laundry stainremover and washing the pad immediately did not prevent this from happening.
Further, the cover picks up any lint in your washer, in addition to pilling some, so it must be washed alone.
Because it has low sides and the well for the child is not particularly deep, it may not be of much value once your child can sit up.
The inflatible bath tubs have higher sides so that when a child is sitting up, if they happen to tip over, might be able to avoid a nasty head bump.
The inflatible tubs with which I am familiar do suction to the tub's surface and allow for better infant security.If you have extra funds to spend on your child or grandchild, this might be a good option.
I put this in my kitchen sink (a large one) and put nice warm water just filled up enough to be comfortable.
It is plush, it helps retain the warmth of the water around him, and is much easier to use and store than a giant baby tubOur son LOVES taking a bath and it's worry-free for us, thanks to the Safer Bather.
Although our son still fits in the kitchen sink with it, we bought it along with the Primo baby tub and it's an ideal match together.The soft pillow protects our son's head and little body from the sink/tub.
(still works beautifully, though.
For the first month or two while we bathed her in a baby bathtub it worked great.
She loves it!
It is very soft and seems very comfortable for her, and she stays warm.
I didn't think it was the bath pad giving her the rash until her 3 year old sister started to get the same rash on her bottom because she liked to sit on it after my baby girl got out.
Our baby hates it so we have to use a towel between her and the pad : not very handythis is great.
My baby outgrew the baby bathtub sling a while ago and this is great.
It's so comfy for him and easy to manage.
No more filling the tub and breaking my back to carry it to the counter.
Very easy.
I HATE IT!!!
I purchased a Boon Naked Collapsible Baby Tub to replace it and highly recommend everyone purchase that instead!
Also, when it gets waterlogged it's very heavyI received this as a baby shower gift.
I think it's probably more comfortable for him.
Also easy to wash his hair with him laying in this.
Well worth the priceOur babies love this pillow so much, they don't want to get out of the tub.
It makes for a safe, comfortable bathing experience and it dries very quickly when it hangsI registered for and received the Eurobath by Primo, but my daughter was just a little too small for the tub.
Now we are making the transition to the Eurobath, which I recommend now that she's a little bigger.
We have always cleaned and hung to dry, but we live in a warm climate and clearly the mildew grows inside of the mat unless you have professional drying equipment.
and treat them like disposable items - polluting the landfills and throwing your money away in the process - then this pad is wonderful, but for all of the sane people out there, please do not make the same mistake we did.
There are better bath options out there that do not jeopardize the skin health of your baby.
We are so sorry we bought this padThis has worked out great for our infant son so far.
I don't looooove the print, but it's cute enough.
None of these affect its usability, however, and it keeps him warm and out of the water and seems much more comfortable than plastic.
We've had no mold issues but I've noticed that sometimes there seems to be a dark/questionable spot because of a trick of light on the filling inside (the fabric is slightly see-throughPro:-Spongy holding around your baby to create more safety if bathing baby in ceramic sink.Con:-Always need 2 adult to bath your baby.
The baby seems to love his baths though so 3 starsThis worked for giving our newborn sponge baths, but I ended up getting a tub with a newborn insert when it came time for giving real baths.
This cushioned seat perfectly positions your baby for sponge baths.
It is contoured to keep your baby in place and provide cushion and support for her head.
I only give it four stars because unlike some parents, I do not think this product is best for water baths.
Also, I don't see how a baby much older than a month can fit in it, as it is very small.
I definitely would not recommend this itemWorks really well in the tub... holds the baby secure, absorbs water so it stays warm and dries pretty quickly.
And the prices is nicei reccomend this to anyone looking for a safe baby bath.
awesome for first time parents.
its soft and cushy and baby doesn't slide around.
my daughter is 10 months old and still uses it.
she has used it since day oen.
drys overnight when its hung up.
the best part.. you can toss it in the washer when it gets dirty.A MUST HAVE for new mothers and fathersThe best tub - no slipping, she stays warm, and you don't have to hold her the entire bath time.
Just throw it in the wash one in a while and make sure to hang dry.
We love itThis was a bathtime must have for us!
It was comfy and made bathing her and washing her hair so easy.
This is perfect because you can use it as a baby or just as a bath toy later.
The baby really goes with it.
Dries nice and easy to fit anywhereWe love this bath pad.
The only con is it takes a while to dry and finding somewhere good to hang it can be a pain.
It's a great size for bathing our daughter in the sink comfortablyI started out with an infant tub & one that has an insert to lay the baby on.
I bought this as a replacement.
It's soft & absorbs the warm water, which is much more comfortable for him.
It's been great so farI really liked this for my newborn.
Its comfy for her to lay on while I sponge her with soap and rinse her.
I dont like the baby tubs till they are several months old so this was perfectIt's good enough to get the job done but there are better things out there.
We ended up using a sling style bather and that works much better.
It also gets very flat so baby's head isn't elevated enoughI got this awhile ago for my first son.
it was a great idea, and he loved it, but man did it STINK!
outside, inside, febreezed... any of it.
we've since switched to theSummer Infant Fold N' Store Tub Time Bath Slingand it's been through 2 kids and I'm about to use it for one more.
it's convenient and folds and best of all doesn't STINK like mildew!
blech!
Still looking for that perfect baby batherWe ordered this before our son was born (he is now two months old) and I am overjoyed with this bathtub solution.
It has worked perfectly- it cradles the baby while still allowing the water to surround him or her.
Those were too hard for me and I ended up just giving him spnge baths while he lied on a towel.This bath pad is perfect!
I don;t have to worry about him slipping and sliding all over the place and i can easliy move his body parts to clean.I love it!
It still is great thoughThis simplified bathing our baby by 100 times.
with the traditional hard tubs with the incline and hard plastic, i was always afraid to have my baby slip on mine or my husband's hands.
The baby seems to enjoy bathing more too, as the material absorbs warm water and is soft and secure feeling.
After we are done, my husband rinses and rings the bather for it to dry.
It's soft with plenty of cushioning so she's relaxed and comfortable.
The material holds in water and stays warm.
The head is slightly angled upward so it's harder for the standing water to get into her ears.
It's easy to squeeze out and hang up to dry on the shower rod (though it takes until the next day to get completely dry).
I haven't had any issues with it getting smelly, after 4 months of twice-a-week use.
As squirmy as my baby was, I didn't see how I could just use the Safer Bather by itself.
I'm glad I bought it though.
It floated up occasionally though and we would just set it back underneath her moreI gave this 3 stars because out of all of the options we've tried, this still worked best for a tiny baby.
However, it doesn't really sit the baby's head up far enough for my liking -- we add a piece of foam under the top part to elevate him a bit more.
This works well in a kitchen sink too, when babies are tiny enough to fit in there!
I've lowered the stars and edited my review.
The baby's head isn't sitting up at all and this isn't really usable anymore.
We found a better one in the Summer Infant Baby Bather, I think we have the "Large Comfort" one - it's a mesh seat/lounger that sits up so we don't break our backs bending into the tub, and the baby is secure.
I still use it occasionally to lay her on the bathroom floor when she won't let me get ready in peace :) It does get moldy so needs to be washed and it has started to pill but it served it's purposeMy baby didn't like baths so this was a huge help.
It fits our sink perfectly and while the color has started to fade but it still serves its purpose.
I used it a few times and then that was it.
He was very comfortable and happily kicked away without me having to worry about him falling out of the tub from the force!
I was also able to wash his hair so much easier with him laying sideways like this.The hanger makes it so easy to hang this up after his bath to let the water drain and dry it out.I am really impressed and very happy with my purchase!
I'm heading over to Moms.com right now to recommend it.
Then off to WeespringGood sponge, compared to the 5$ one we got.
Much more fluffy.
But takes a while to dry.
Getting small/short for my 4mo old thoThis is the best.
I use it with a large infant tub and my baby is supported wonderfully.
He's still getting use to taking a bath and he cried much louder in a normal tub.
Now he hangs out and only cries once I start washing his hair.
It dries quickly and easily (I just hang it in the shower).
That's when I started searching for a solution - this was it!
This pad was perfect.
It was easy to ring out real quick and I just hung it up in the tub to dry out.
It's really not a big deal though because it is still fully functional.
Now that my little one doesn't use the pad anymore, I've dried it out and it hangs in the closet until the next kid (?).
Easy to use, much more comfortable for baby than a regular 'baby bath' it takes up less room and absorbs the warm water keeping baby warm .
Always used it by/in the sink until her cord fell off and now she will always be in the 'big bath' so no 'new fear' to conquer when she is older and when we travel how EASY it is to take with usWouldve been perfect from newborn up.
My son is 29inches long and 19lbs; wish it was a bit bigger but it still holds my son and hes getting used to kicking them legs and spashing in the water while i wash him; which is good.. i like this better than the big bulky plastic tubsThis was a great concept, however once you put this in the water dont expect to be able to move it.
It offers no support.
It takes 3 days to dry out and is so thick you cant squeeze the water out.
It will do but it is really not as good as all the reviewers make it sound.
Also this does not in any way elevate the babys head.
Not a good bather.Makes a good place to lay baby on when she gets out of tubWay more compact than those bulky plastic tubs, it hangs in the closet in the nursery to dry and is pretty darned comfortable and cradling for our little guy.
It makes it convenient for sponge baths too!
It works fine, but there are few things I don't like about it.1) it takes forever to dry and it drips when it is drying, so not very convienent in your bathroom2) my son started sitting up at around 4.5 months and he hated this as you have to lay flat.
I wouldn't have been able to use more than 2 inches of water with this.
Not for usThis really worked great for my baby from day one.
I used it until she was about 6 months.
It is a really nice, comfortable pad and I think my baby enjoyed using it.
I still really like this product and would recommend for new babiesI bought this for my son and daughter-in-law's baby shower.
They have a Dr. Seuss theme for the baby's room and for the baby.
This bath pad was delivered safely, and on time.
There is a Cat in the Hat hooded towel and wash cloths that can be bought along with the bath pad to make a complete Dr. Seuss bath set.
This bath pad is colorful, and can be used for a baby of either sex.My son and his wife are happy.
It goes well with their chosen theme.
It is sturdy, colorful, and beautiful, just like the baby we are all waiting to seeIt is far the best and most comfortable pillow for bathing!
Our son is so relaxed and loves his bath timeThis is a must have.
I used the same pillow with all three of my kids.
It has help up well for 7 years.
I used this in 2 different baby tubs to make it softer for my boys and to keep them from sliding around.
I like that because it is spongy, it holds warm water longer.
I also don't like tubs with baby stoppers in them - the bump that their bottoms sit on to keep them from sliding down.
And the minute the baby starts sitting up, those bumps are uncomfortable for them.
FP has one in their ocean wonders line.
After 5 months straight of using it and loving it, it finally started to smell moldy.
So I tossed it with 100% satisfaction that I got great use out of it.
Perhaps it's hit or missI just used this bather for the first time last night and I must say that I love it!!
I just fill the tub of with warm water and let it lay in it, in order for it to absorb the water, while I undress her.
I lay her in it and wala, she doesn't move!!!
She can still splash her feet which is great!
After bathtime, just wring and hang on the shower rod.
How easy is that?!
Of course, since I've only used it once I haven't had any problems with mold, but I plan on washing it everyweek, so I hope that helps.
EW!!
I do think that it was fine for the transitional period, but my now 6.5 month old daughter will be using an inflatable tub and this will be tossedWe had one of these for our first baby.
Now that #2 is on the way, I purchased another.
For us, it's perfect.
Our bathroom counter has two sinks, so their isn't enough counter space for a standard plastic baby tub.
We have a two-story home, and don't want to lug baby bath stuff down to the kitchen, only to trek back upstairs to the bedroom.
This works great.
It keeps baby secure, fills with warm water, is inexpensive and doesn't take up a lot of space.
It is durable fabric and is nice and soft for your baby.
Before baby can sit up, you actually use this tub "upside down."
Baby lays on it!
Enough of your tub water fills up the little well baby's little body makes so he/she stays nice and warm.
Washing hair on this is great!
This is 100% NOT slippery!
No more having to hold baby with one arm and wash with the other arm!
You WILL finally enjoy giving your baby a bath!When baby can sit up, turn this around and it is like well, my 7 year old calls it a "tubby, boaty, floaty thing."
It offers a fantastic barrier or cushion all around your baby.
After baby's bath, just shake it out and hang it up.
I am a freak about baby's things being clean and fresh and am thrilled with this productI bought this for our infant son after reading the glowing reviews on this site.
People are right!
This is a must-have!
We've used this for about four months now and it makes bathing our baby so simple.
It holds him comfortably and I never end up with back strain.
The Safer Bather also dries very easily.
A great productI really like this bath pad.
It's also nice because I can spray it with warm water before I put him on it and it will retain the warmth so it's not a cold shocker on him.
Has a nice plastic hanger on the top that is great for hanging it on the shower curtain rod to dry.
Comfy for my little one, easy to use, and dries fast.
I'd definitely recommend it to anyoneMy grandson loves his bather.
Shapes to infants body cushions baby.
Love thisI like this a lot and so does my son.
He is now sitting up on it and it is still great.
Getting the water out is easy just swing back and forth for most of it then hang to drip dry.
It's soft but not squishy, contoured so baby dosn't roll off, small and easy to store, machine washable, and babies love it!
***UPDATE***Almost 3 years, two kids and many baths later this safer bather is still getting used and works just like it did when it was newI initially got this as I was reading the reviews people now being able to bath their little one by themselves.
I was in that boat at 9 weeks it still took me and my husband to bath our son.
So my husband and and I went upstairs.
I had him stand back to see if I could do it by myself, and 15 minutes later I had finally bathed my 9 weeks old son...
We've now had it 3 weeks and I can't imagine us not having it.
I use this with the Infant to Toddler Bath by Evenflo and the combo works great.
The baby is comfortable and doesn't slip around.
Holds up nicely, baby is so comfortable.
I started using this when my son was about 6 months (could have started even a bit sooner) and can see using it for many months to come.
Definitely the way to go when you are ready to transition to the big tubWorks very well for a newborn.
Our baby is 7 weeks old and this is great so he doesn't slip onto the water and get water in his ears.
Make sure you dry outside as oer the package insert.
This pillow keeps my son safe and comfortable, it dries up really well and he can also lie in it on the bathroom floor while I fill the tub.
Well worth the moneyI like this infant bath pad because it holds my son well, has ample cushion, is soft, and easy to use.
I highly recommend itI cannot speak highly enough about this baby product!
I love this bath pillow.
I used it when my 3 year old was a newborn and now I am using it for my new baby.
It perfectly cradles the baby during bath time...even the tiniest of babies.
We used it with my oldest son well past his first birthday.
We tried a bath seat at one point but it was a hard plastic and the edges were not very smooth.
We always dried it out by hanging it in the shower after the bath.
I bought it for a baby shower so I don't know yet how the mother and baby likes it, but I think they will.
Seems to be made well.
I wish I had something like this when my son was a babyI bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended.
It does elevate the baby more than the yellow sponge, but I had a few things I didn't like about it.
Second, if you don't have all of the water wrung out of it, and don't completely submerge it into the warm water at the next bath, when the baby lays on it some of the cold water comes out and makes the baby cold.
He prefers to be IN the warm water rather than on top of itI registered and received the Safer Bather as a shower gift.
It is a wonderful product.
It was perfect for those 1st sponge baths and when her cord fell off, we started using this in the "big" tub right away.
It's now 5 months later and we are still using the Bather.
You Definitley have to submerge the bath pad in the warm water to prevent cold spots where they lay.
Once you do, it works great.
My son is 3 months and we are still using itMy daughter started out with the newborn end of the Primo Eurobath, but baby + soapy water + plastic adds up to a seriously slippery adventure.
On a whim, I picked up the Infant Bath Pad and slipped it into the Eurobath behind her back -- PERFECT.
She sat much more upright (but still softly cradled), and on the occasions we put her in the grown-up tub, she has an ideal, elevated cushion.
So I opted for this for our first baby.
I would definitely recommend itThis bather has made bath time so easy.
I couldn't keep my son warm and he slid all around when inside the infant tub.
I was terrified.
It does not move at all in the tub and my son stay in place on the bather.
And it keeps him warm and happy.
I've not had any problems with mildew or losing it's shape.
I give it a thorough rinse in HOT water then wring it out and hang it over the tub.
It helps with sponge bathing newborns and it keeps the baby warm when water is poored over it.
I lay it on the bathroom counter and fill tHE sink with water.
I like the hook on the top so it's easy to hang up to air dry over the shower head.
It is soft and my baby loves laying on it.
Done and out of the wayI bought this pad after reading all the rave reviews on Amazon.
So far, it has been great!
With the pad, however, he lies comfortably reclined in the Eurotub, waiting for me to pour warm water over his body.Also, washing the pad is fairly easy - I'd know, because during one bath, my guy decided to let out the nastiest poo (watery, breast-fed poo) all over the pad and into the tub.
My husband immediately rinsed off the pad and threw it in the wash and it was almost as good as new.
The ONLY issue that I have with it is that after that machine wash, the material has started to pillI went through many different bathtubs for my baby girl.
I had a safety first tub that folded, a wire frame tub with a cloth cover that made it more like a lawnchair, a non-folding tub by safety first and then I finally broke down and tried this tub.I hated how all the others allowed my daughter to slide around and even slip down and turn sideways while bathing.
She does not slip slide around, I can wash her entire body much easier, and when the tub is filled properly she is nice and warm.
The top part that is bulkier is flatting out, and because my daughter kicks so much in the tub it still slides some.
I'm glad other moms have had such great luck with the Safer Bather.
We got this instead and love it!
We still use it now and he is almost 6 months.
In addition, since the pad is like a giant sponge, it keeps baby warm while you are bathing him.
Highly recommendreally not ideal for safety.
I haven't downrated the product because of this, as the dimensions are listed right in the description, but thought it worth pointing out.For reference, here's the silverware and plate that we prefer:http://www.amazon.com/Oneida-Chateau-6-Piece-Progress-Flatware/dp/B000NDQ3DC/ref=pd_sim_sbs_ba_3http://www.amazon.com/OXO-6104800-Tot-Plate-Aqua/dp/B0038JDURU/ref=sr_1_1_m?s=home-garden&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1358632535&sr;=1-1&keywords;=oxo+tot+plateI bought this because it wasn't made in China, was cute and fit everything I was looking for.
However, this advertised as "no tip over" which is another reason I bought it.
For example, we have theFisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster Seat - Blue, and the bowl does not fit on the tray - it is too large for the trayI bought this item at a local specialty store and the clerk assured me the item was BPA free.
When I got it home and opened it I saw the dreaded #7 recycle code on the white part.
I contacted Baby Bjorn to clarify.
BPA is an industrial chemical that is used to manufacture polycarbonate plastic.Polycarbonate plastic is the plastic that has caused considerable recent controversy because of its use in baby bottlemanufacturing and because it has been proven to leach BPA.
While both polycarbonate and ABS, along with other plastics, have a recycling designation of "7", there is no knownhealth risk associated with ABS.
"I decided to keep it and see how it goes, even though I prefer using glass or stainless steel items.
I do however, really like the spoons.
I recommend you measure your tray and see the dimensions on this plate-- it's a bigger plate than most baby plates.In every other way, this is a great set.
It is a little too bulky and a pain to store since you cannot stack that easily with your other bowls.Update after 2 yrs: still using it but white part of bowl gets stained and scratched easily.
Spoons are great for 9m+ especially for soupy foods.
But spoons stain easily.
The baby bjorn spoons have thick handles so they do not fit well standing upMy LO loves to eat with these spoons!
and believe I've tried with others and he doesn't like it.
Is true they are a little big bigger but if my LO loves them I love themDesigned/weighted well.
The spoons were good for infant and still good at 16 months for toddler, with deep bowls and easy for her to hold and use herself.
The sides of the bowl are deep, which helps for scooping food onto the spoon when she is self-feeding.
Our daughter loves having her own plate, and we take it everywhere - restaurants, vacations, friends' homes.
It is non-slip and very stable, but not unmoveable by a determined child.
The rounded edges are nice for little hands, and the 3-leaf clover shape helps make scooping food easier.
The spoons are so cute, and very easy to use.
We are overall very happy with itThis plate is fine as a plate with raised edges, sort of like a cross between a bowl and a plate.
I think that their line is "Ok" but not the greatest overall.
I actually bought 2 of this set.
Great colors.
The spoon fits well in my 15 months hand and mouth and she likes it.
I have to hold the plate as she eats because the bowl moves with slight force.
She is also able to pick it up and throw it though the instructions say that picking the bowl up for a baby is difficult.
Still looking for stainless steel baby bowl.
Please DO NOT put ANY plastic in a microwave especially food for your baby.
There are just too may unknowns out there about plasticThis plate isn't perfect but it's the best I've found.
It's more weighted than the typical toddler plate and has nice round edge for scooping food out with fingers or the spoons.
I like that it doesn't have sections because a lot of times my daughter is eating something like macaroni and peas that doesn't need to be sectioned.
It does not claim to have suction or that you're baby wont' be able to pick it up so you need to have realistic expectations about that.
If you child continually picks it up either decide the plate isn't developmentally appropriate yet and try later or enforce a no pick up rule (which I did and yes 10 month old babies can understand what no means).
The thing I don't like about the plate is that it claims to have a rubber base which I envisioned as the whole bottom being rubber but it's actually only the outer edge so it does slide a bit.
I haven't had any staining problems and I've served spaghetti and blackberries in it several times (I hand wash it after every mealI loved this design even before I became a mother.
Despite the higher price than most baby plates, I thought the sloped sides would make it hard for baby to pick up, and the curvature of the 3 arcs would make it easy to scoop up food so went ahead and ordered it anyways.
I've used it for 6+ months now, and have started to notice a faint brown stain appearing in the main eating surface.
I've had a smaller bowl from OXO that I've used just as long as this plate, and that white surface has no sign of stains...The baby is able to pick up the bowl, but that's not the concern.
Haven't used the bowl yet, but I can tell it will work great.
I can get a good amount of food on it and it easily goes into her mouth because the edges are thinThis bowl is cute and difficult for my daughter to lift and throw.
We were surprised that some reviewers thought it was cheap-feeling.
It is sturdy and high quality, what one would expect for the high-ish price; made in Sweden.
Not ugly like most baby stuff made these days.
The edges are design in a way that the food doesn't dance around while my toddler is trying to scoop it.
I also love the look of the plate and spoons.
They have funky and fun colors!
I would highly recommend this product to anyoneThese are by far my favorite dishes for my Twins to eat out of and we have a lot of different bowls.My girls are able to grab more food out of these than any of their other dishes, this is due to the sloped & smooth insides.This does not slide all over their high chair tray, it stays right where I put it.It does not tip as many of their other bowls do.These are easy to clean & I hand wash them.
I just un-snap the 2 pieces wash them and snap them back together when they are dry.
This is VERY easy but a child would not be able to do it.These also fit together so they take up less space!
Ummmmm, DUH!!
then yes, they will be able to pick it up.
That is just common sense.
These are just harder to pick up.
My son, 18 months old, is still able to pick it up off the table and dump it out.
I love to use it as a shallow bowl for cereal, where my son can scoop things from it easily, but for dinner it doesn't have compartments and thus all the food runs together in one pileBaby can easily hold and feed herself with these spoons -- they are great.
It is a lot lighter than I expected and it does not grip my son's high chair tray at all.
Because of its shape, he had a hard time reaching his food.
Maybe he is too young for it.My son is 13 months now and this is his regular plate now.
He can still flip it over but it works better than the oxo and boon plateThese are my baby's all-time favorite spoons.
They are wide enough to pick up quite a bit of food and get it in his mouth without (too much) mess, and soft enough on his cheeks and gums.
The low, wide base of the bowl makes it very difficult to tip over.
Totally worth it the priceThis bowl is relatively hard for my daughter to tip over, and it is supposedly dishwasher and microwave safe.
These are the reasons I bought it.
That does not appear to be an issue with this one.The spoons are OK.
They are a bit too wide and not as soft on teething babies' gums as some of the more rubbery options on the market, but they are fine and have nice stubby handles for babies to hold onto.My bowl did not come with a black spoon like in the picture.
I received the advertised pink spoon, but my secondary spoon was green.
My baby loves to watch this mobile turn and the hesitation helps him to focus and study the images.
It is nice to have a choice of 2 different songs sets or white noise.
Also it's nice to be able to change the toys on the mobile as your child gets older.
It helps them from getting tired of it.
Great productIt's a very simple design that aesthetically blends right in with her white crib.
It's got lots of variety for the baby with the characters that spin around and the two types of music and white noise.
Am really glad we got this modelThis mobile is wonderful!
Our daughter loves the bright colored animals, and I love how it is so multi-functional.
She also has several other toys made by Sassy, and we have been happy with all of their productsMy son loved this mobile!
It is recommended that mobiles be removed from cribs when baby is 5 months old, but the toys from it are removable and now make great playthings for him.
They rattle, squeak, etc., and he just loves holding them and biting them.The remote control did not work unless we were about 3 feet away from the crib, so that was not worth it.While there are some nice music selections, the overall quality of the music sounded sort of muffled and scratchy.
But, my son did not seem to care.Overall, this is a good product that's very attractive to babies, and the mobile parts can be used as toys after the mobile is taken down from the cribOur daughter is, was, and still is enthralled with this mobile from the time she started sleeping in her crib.
She LOVES the toys that rotate on this, and as she has gotten older upon waking she is even smiling and &quot;talking&quot; to them without them moving she likes the mobile so much!
We rarely if ever use the remote, but it does work.
The music is a little tinny for my husband and I, but she absolutely adores it.
The way the music/waves fade is great at bedtime.
I was a little cautious when registering for this because I thought it to be a little pricey, but with the selection of 3 sets of toys to hang for different ages it is well worth it.
I would highly recommend this mobileThis is a really wonderful mobile.
My now 10 week old daughter loves it.
I really like the fact that it hesitates so the baby can focus in.
The music is real nice, and the white noise seems to lull her to sleep.
The swivel arm is great, moving it out of the way.There are a few drawbacks though.
The biggest drawback is that if you accidentaly bump into the moblie it makes a lot of noise, with all the plastic pieces having little balls inside, to wake the baby.
But, i still highly recommend this mobile, just be careful not to bump into it or the crib while the baby is sleepingWe love this!
The toys are wonderful.
Once she outgrows it, it can be just a music box.
Works great.
We are REALLY happy with this.
Not as cute as some of the wind up ones, but WAY more functional and much nicer than those weird symphony ones and their strange shapes and toysThis is a great mobile.
My daughter loves it and so do I. I like that there are 3 different looks as she grows.
It has worked fine for us, just make sure it is tight.the reason i had to give it only 3 stars (and the only reason) is that we had to return it 3 times to get one that worked!
and we called Sassy to see if they could help us with it and they never returned our phone call!
But Babiesrus was great about taking it back and they never questioned us for returning it 3 timesPurchased 2 of these for small grand children - not impressed.
If the cost to return the item wouldn't have been so much I would have returned them immediately.
They can be used with much effort but the securing device is too low on the babies to be safeI got this for my son when we visit friends and family so we don't have to drag his high chair along.
We ended up having to buy a real booster seat anyway.
This seat is very unstable and just isn't safe or efficientI'm not sure if it will hold up, but it fits our needs right now.
This works great for the size & I like that it's portable.
I just wish you could remove the seat belt.
My son is too big for the seat beltPROS:-Compact (less bulky than the floppy seat)-Inconspicuous to carry-You don't have to deflate it every time if you don't want to.
This MIGHT be ok if you are using it in one place for a week vacation or something but not for daily use in restaurants.
Unfortunately, had to returnWe had our First Years Booster Seat for 10 years before the straps that hold the seat to the chair snapped from being pulled (by my husband).
He always pulled the straps so the chair could be as tight as could be (although I could easily do it, but just can't get it quite as tight).
We used it through 3 kids and just had another (baby), so we had to get a new one.
I expect we'll have this chair for at least 2 grandkidds too since this baby will be our lastThis booster seat folds up compactly for travel and is easy to bring along.
It is definitely for older babies.
I prefer to use it in a chair that has arm rests so that my baby can't topple off to the side.
The fabric on the side provides no support.
It is merely funcntional for holding the seat back at the correct angle.
However, I just wanted something that would be easier than holding the baby on my lap.
This meets that criteria and was the right price for infrequent use.
Overall, I am satisfied with this purchaseThis was great in when we traveled in the hotel.
I just wish it was a little taller since some of the chairs were short and the tables taller but wonderful idea and productMy mother-in-law bought this for my daughter to use at her house, and it's great!PROS:It folds down easilyOpens up just as easily3-point harness for safetyClips are STRONGTightens down under chair and behind chair easily, but holds really well too (even if my daughter kicks and wiggles in her chair, the straps don't loosen up)To sum it up... safe, strong, easy, easy, easy!
I just wish I bought this one for us instead of the fold-n-go seat!I highly recommendI bought this when I was going to be travelling with my 13 month old and wouldn't have a high chair available.
It worked okay, but didn't feel as secure as I would have liked.
She loves sitting in it.
We use it on our balcony as well when we sit outside and she can sit with us.
Easy to clean, great priceI bought this on the go booster seat because we travel a lot to visit family but it was very disappointing.PROS:1.
Easy to install2.
Inflates without any effort.3.
Compact and easy to carry.CONS: (which outweighed by a lot the PROS)1.
Depending on the dinning room chair size you will be able to use this booster or not.3.
Is dangerous for children who like to move around which I am pretty sure they are the majorityWe bought this for an extended trip we were taking.I was not disappointed.It worked great and attached to all different seats (although we had to get creative at times).Very compact and easy to fit into the suitcaseI have twin girls, When I would take them to a friends I would take my Bumbo seats/trays with me so I had somewhere to sit them to eat.
I LOVE them.They are not teeny tiny when folded up but are small enough to keep one in a baby bag, or carry both in a stroller.
It strapped in tight....granted it was a square chair seat and back.
Ideal.It was way more sturdy than I thought it was going to be.
The base even though inflated with air is sturdy, solid and firm.
I use them with my 14mo old twins who are also on the small side and they fit perfect.
Unless they hit a massive growth spurt and work their way up the percentage chart I could see them using this booster well after 2yrs old.
But again, they are on the slender, small size.The second thing is the seat has small crevices which are a pain to clean smushed food out of.
I took note of this after the first use and now cover the seat with a tea towel before strapping in the kiddos.Overall - LOVE.
I will definitely recommend to a friendBought this when we were going on vacation and renting a house.
We knew the place wouldn't have a highchair or booster, so we bought this.
It packs small and light and does the job.
My son was 13 months when we first used it.
We keep it in our car for times we might need it nowIt does its job.
No issues with the connector.
Our doorway was too wide and this worked out perfectly.
GreatThis extension fit our first years hands free gate perfectly.
I was concerned that adding an extension would make the gate more wobbly, but once it is clipped in it is just as sturdy as the original gate by itselfI was worried that the extension would be loose, or threaten the integrity and safety of the gate itself.
YahooIt is just perfect.
This extension is great.
It works.
It just slides right into the gate.
It would be better design if there was an overlap of about 1/2" between the two sizesUnfortunately, if you have the gate... you will probably have to buy the extension.The extension itself, is very easy to install... it pretty much just side in on either side of the gate.
These fit perfectly.
They don't compromise the sturdiness of the gate at all, and blend in nicely with the rest of the gateWe needed these for both our baby gates which don't seem to come wide enough to cover a normal hallway, but this extension works perfectly and we haven't had any problems with it in over a year of everyday use.
My daughter even grabs the rails and shakes them everyday and it has held up without becoming looseWe bought two of these extensions for the Hands Free Gate that we use for our triplets that just turned a year old.
This gate including extensions are a lifesaver!
You can read my review on the gate as well, lol.
The extensions are very easy to add and very sturday.
Adding them does not make the gate weaker by extending it out like some gates do.
It keeps it just as strong as sturdy!
Worth the moneyThis fit just perfectly in our stairway space.
Quick shipping as wellMade nice just like the gate.
Once you put it on there you will forget it's an attachment and just think the gate was made that wayThis work ok...
I didn't like how it fits and it should be included in the gate.
Overall this gate wasn't a good one for me..
I was much happier with the Summer Extra Tall GateWe had to buy this with the Hands Free Gate because our stairway was just a smidge to wide for the gate itself.
Other than that the extension is great.
I don't recommend using more than 1 thoughI have the older style hands free First Years gate and was a little concerned if this would fit but it fits perfectly and my gosh it really makes a difference.
It used to be kinda wobbly and I found myself tightening it every few days.
I have not had to tighten it since we bought this extension.
The price was good but it's VERY uncomfortable to wear and never sits on the body right.
I don't feel that this carrier is very safe and it's very difficult to get baby in and out.
Yes it is soft but look at othersWe got this carrier as a shower gift, and we really like it.
I have to agree with the other reviews that it's a little tricky to get baby in and out - but you get what you paid for.
So we have the Cozy Rider and also the EuroRider(also by Infantino), that is much similar with the Baby Bjorn and have a much better system for getting baby in and out - we can do it without waking the baby, and cost half of the Bjorn.So if you plan on having the carrier for occasional use only, I recommend the Cozy Rider.
The EuroRider has more padding, which helps a lot, but cost twice as much as the CozyRider(we bought it gently used though!!
)So, bottom line, this is a great carrier for its price - easy to adjust and our baby loves it.
If not, this one will do just fine!!!
My son is 3 months old, 17 pounds.
I have a sling, a hip sling and a snuggli-the stripped down model.
I bought it used, without instructions.
There are a number of adjustments to be made, but you only have to do it once, until your baby grows enough to move to the next setting.
I made all the adjustments myself, with my baby in the carrier.
there are little buckles and velcro on the sides that you can undo to get baby in and out.
I love that I could adjust everything to fit my baby perfectly.
The carrier is soft and cozy.
My baby felt safe and secure.
The only comparable brands cost more than 3 times as much.
I think it's a really good dealTo be honest, we loved our infantino soft carrier.
We used it regularly when our babies were newborns ... but by the time my babies hit 12-13 lbs, this carrier became uncomfortable for me, pulling on my shoulders and causing me to arch my lower back - not good!
My husband still could use it till the babies hit about 15lbs, but this time around, we just went for the baby bjorn.
So - if you are looking for something for the first 2-3 months, this is awsome - the baby is snuggled and cozy against mommy's (or daddy's) chest while leaving mommy's hands free - it is great for the transition for newborns.
It works nicely facing in or out, which is not true of most other brands.
WIDE STRAPS THE WHOLE WAY AROUND!
Not Infantino.
The criss-cross straps on your back also do a better job of distributing the load than some carriers we tried.
CHEAP!
Excellent for 0-4 months, kind of pushing it from 4-6.
Burp cloth is a joke, tiny and fastened on with small velcro dots.
Rips off if the kid tugs on it.
I tossed the one that came with ours, and started using a cloth diaper.
Also, the head-hold straps are meant to be under the armpits on older babies, but they are not padded (no problem for the headrest) and poke into the baby's sides if you're not careful.I recommend this to all parents and all friends buying for parentsThis is a nice carrier.
But once she's in it, she's super comfyI had bought this for my son when he was a few months old.
I had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy.
It worked great at first.
With him in it I couldn't even put two fingers between him and the carrier.
Never used it sinceThis was an amazing find for my granddaughter!
She truly loves bright colors and I am so excited that it worked so well!
I use a phlilips avent steamer sterilizer for the bottle part only, and I thought I had warped it somehow so that it leaks from the sides.
:(- the flow is just too fast.
I tried this sippy cup when my son was 6 months and he kept choking cause the flow was just too fast for him.
I thought maybe he wasn't ready yet, and this was a good sippy cup.
I tried a few more times at 10 months old, the flow is just still too fast he ends up either choking or having his shirt soaked with water.It's a cute cup, I hope it's just a matter of bad quality control only and others have better luck with thisI give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
This Avent Magic Cup can be used with Avent nipples, etc.It is not the easiest to clean, but it is possible.Eventually, this Avent Magic Cup WILL leakA little before our boy reached one year old, our pediatrician told us to gradually make the shift to more and more solid foods.
The transition was easy.
She also suggested that the boy should not be using nipples beyond the year one and we should gradually shift over to using sippy cups.We've used Avent bottles, for the most part, and have been very satisfied with them.
As such, when the transition came we simply switched over to the Avent 9-ounce Magic Trainer.
It took a little while, but the transition was easy and it's now the only bottle he uses.
No problems.
He picked up on the difference real fast.Gary PetersonGreat bottles when used with nipples, terrible design with the sippy cup attachment.
Valves are super tough to remove for cleaning, and they always are being cleaned.
I recommend the First Years Clean & Simple, valve free!
sippy cups.
They have them in 3 sizes , with handles and they don't leak!
EVER!
When making the purchase do it right the first time.
Not like me 4 sets later :oI love the whole Avent system!
These are great sippy cups, in large part because all Avent pieces are modular and fit each other.
So, if you have been using Avent bottles, you can put the sippy cup tops and handles on the bottles.You can pop out the magic valve that makes this a sippy cup and fit in the nipple from the bottle.
Or, you can take the collars from your bottles and fit the magic valve in it.
It is wonderful!
Especially since you have so many ways to fit the sippy cup together if you have already been using Avent bottlesThese cups leak like crazy!
I've tried gerber cups and those were a lot betterThis was the first sippy cup that my boy used and its still his favorite, even though he can drink from just about any sippy cup now.
This was great for when I fell behind on doing dishes...
It has like three peices?
If you forget the valve, they will leak.I particularly like the spout design which allows him to drink without getting solids into the cup.
When he drank during his meals with the Gerber cup, all sorts of particles would end up in the cup.
Not so with this oneI will first admit that there are additional parts to these cups that need to be washed, but since we used Dr. Brown's bottles, I was used to a few pieces.The soft spout on these cups is great, and made transitioning to a cup SO easy for us.
My son hasn't taken a bottle since his first birthday, and never missed them a bit.
There are two levels of spouts, one harder one softer.
I've tried other soft spout brands, but have had leaking from the collars.
Avent cups NEVER leak as long as the valves are inserted correctly.
Some young children find the spout easier than other sippies, and we used it as a transition sippy before switching over to the Playtex model.They will leak, but hardly in floods if our experience is any indication.
and not all that convenient even when you do have a dishwasher at hand.
But otherwise give it a passThese cups - the entire Avent line, for that matter - seem so wonderful in theory.
But in practice, they're pretty terrible, and I can't for the life of me figure out how the Avent line came to be so hyped.
When she was good, she was very, very good - and when she was bad, she was horrid!When these cups are working right, they are wonderful!
But - These cups are STRANGE.
Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.
Sometimes they leak from the spout, sometimes they leak from the collar, but the same cup will not always leak in the same way, if it leaks at all.
Huh?
You will hand it to your child, he will suck for a bit, get angry, and hand the cup back to you.
You will try the cup.
All you will get is a hiss of air, no liquid.
Early on, you can remove the cap and press harder to snap the valve in place... but then after a while, nothing works.
You have to replace the caps and valves.
My guy first figured this out while we were out in the stroller and he had a cup of strawberry kefir.
A pretty much full cup.
But we've switched to playtex and I'm pretty happy with them.
I've used and hated the breastpump, the bottles, and now the sippiesOur son is almost 16 months old and we have been using these sippy cups for about 10 months now.
Wash the sippy cup after it's used.
They do wear out...especially if you're using the same two or three sippy cups every day.I just bought (and tried) the "sport spout" and although it is quite a mouthful of liquid that comes out, our son has no problem with that spout, either.
No leaks so far.All in all, read the directions and you will see the leaks disappear like MAGIC!
Good luckFinally.
We bought just about every kind of sippy cup on the market.
Hard tops, soft tops, short, tall, you name it, we've got it.
And they are currently being stored.
He loved this cup.
Finally, I got him to drink out of a cup.
Ha Ha!
Because of the bottle leakage, I double check everything before I hand it over.
It also restricts you in the kind of wipes you can buy... forget getting Chubbs in its round container, for instance.
This one?
You'll be continuously wiping it down, when it hasn't fallen over, that isIt really warm up the wipes, what was perfect for my daughter who was a winter baby.
If you don't use a lot of wipes daily they would get dry, but if you do use a lot (like me) they would not get dry.
Be sure to buy a very moist wipes....
My baby never cried during a diaper change and I think this warmer had something to do with it.
We use wipes from Costco and they work really well in the warmer, Huggies does as well, never tried Pampers.
I would recommend any parent get a wipe warmer, it is a lifesaverI thought this would be a wonderful way to be nice to our baby with the warmer wipes but it seems like they feel good when I initially open the door and get the wipe but it seems like they are already cold again by the time I start using it on the baby.
The wipes at the bottom will dry out and turn brown within just a few days, and the insert for "pop-up" wipes won't stay down in the unit, so it just comes out with the wipes, making it impossible to grab a wipe with one hand.
My baby doesn't seem to mind cold wipes.I still use the organizer, though, and I like it.
It says that it holds about 20 diapers, but when your baby is little, and using diapers through size 2, you can turn them sideways so that you can actually fit in twice as many in two rows instead of just one.
I used the diaper hanger a lot, but honestly hardly ever used the warmer.
I loved the idea of warm wipes on her little bottom, but it just didn't turn out to be practical and she didn't fuss about the cold onesWarmers stated "will not yellow the wipes".
BULL!
Not only do they turn yellow they dry out!
Every mom thinks they NEED warm wipes.
Use a conventional warm wash cloth.
It's better for baby anyways.
Save your money ladiesWe received this as a gift and love it!
It warms the wipes nicely.
Perhaps we are spoiling him.
;-) He is a winter baby so I'm sure he appreicates our efforts to keep his tushy warm.The only time I have had problems with wipes drying out is when I have over filled it and the lid doesn't close tightly or I have accidently left it open.
When that happens, I have just added a bit of water and it restores them nicely.
I found that the bottom wipe does turn brown but only when I keep adding the fresh wipes to the top and the bottom ones were older.
I'm pretty sure the wipes are just fine.I do wish that it came with a pop-up adapter or something.
So, I place it on a folded face towel and that seems to work.Overall despite the few minor issues mentioned I am very pleased with this productI'd like to give 4+ stars to the warmer, 3 stars for the diaper organizer.
The wipey warmer is a luxury every baby deserves.
It minimizes dry-out.
The bottom wipe sometimes turns brown, so it's best not to pack too many in at a time so they can get circulated.
It also helps to unplug it overnight to minimize drying.
These are all minor hinderences, but the organizer is the bigger hassle.
I have mine attached to the co-sleeper.
Its a big hastle to just plug and unplug to keep the baby wipes warm for your baby booty.
Its easy to reach over to the side of my baby changing station (same height).
Its very convient to use.
I just warm it by holding the wipes in my hand until i think its warm enough for my baby booty.
The best way, you could get a small heat where you can hold it up to it and warm it until its ready to be used.
Thats a suggestionLike most other parents, I was happy at finding a warmer at a reasonable price, and this worked well for the first year but then it quit.The organizer caddy was handy.
It attaches to the side of your diaper table or crib with brackets that are included.
Also included are some rubber "things" that help you adjust the brackets for a smaller widths; for instance, if you are attaching to a table instead of a crib.
It fits all size wipes, but does not have the feature for pop up wipes.
And it holds an entire refill size of wipes.
It warms from the bottom, not the top.
It is very easy to open and there is no lock for the lid.
You cannot adjust the temperature.
She really likes the warm ones.For awhile the doctor wanted us to use wash clothes wet with only water(they recommend this for newborns anyway).
Then wiped her with warm cloths that were conviently located.
It doesn't fit great even with the "sizers" I also don't think that the diaper stacker is useful at all I tied a ribbon around ours so that is wouldn't hang down anymore.Also, the warmer dries out the bottom wipes and turns them yellowish, brown.
We returned it and bought the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer.
I should have paid the money and bought that one in the first place.
Since the Especially For Baby one seemed a reasonable price, we experimented with it.
Unfortunately, it doesn't work well with either of the wipes we tried - Pampers or Huggies.
And the extra storage just didn't provide much "storage".
We use ours everyday and they still dry out.
But having warm wipes to clean her and wash her off when we are in a hurry definately outweighs the dried out wipes at the bottomThe wipe warmer works fine but it does dry wipes out from the bottom.
Works better if you keepa damp wash cloth at the bottom.
Size 3 diapers & beyond just don't fit right...Sometimes this item works too well & the wipes are too hot for immediate useMy son really enjoys his jitter buggy, it has cute indicator lights and sounds, he loves the vibration, he's 6 months and has sat happily in it up to an hour while I was cleaning.
Once he gets bored with one side, I turn the seat so he's facing the other direction.
The seat does not rotate very well.
I end up spinning him around which kind of defeats the purpose have having a swivel seat.
So far so good other than that.
And it is so cute!
I drive a VW, so I just love the "bug" design.
Very cuteI had this in an older version (didn't have the radio feature) for my 2 sons.
I had to have this again.
But even better, is the new features it has...a radio, cell phone, cupholder, and traffic signal.
Love this buggy.
I expect and HOPE it does the same for my new son.
I love that it bounces, rocks, and spins.
I think it is cuter than the traditional saucers and is more entertaining.
I dont care for the traditional walker either ( I also have carpet so, they don't really work anyway).
Highly recommended AMy 1 year old daughter uses one of these when we are sitting outside.
When we have a garage sale she can sit right next to me and playWhen I originally wrote this review I rated this car a 3 because my son didn't seem to have fun or enjoy being put in it.
and he just didn't seem comfortable.
He is now 8 months though and LOVES it!
He will move the gears, beep the horn, and just sit and laugh.
I WOULD NOW RATE THIS A 5 although the age requirement should probably be around 6 monthsWe are on our third batch of these sippy cups for our twin daughters.
They are simply to use, come in wonderful, vibrant colors, and are surprisingly hard to generate messes with (a bonus with two children).The cups themselves are sturdy and durable.
We have not yet had any problems with cracking or breakage of the lid, the part that understandably takes the most stress.
We use them every day, and replace them fairly frequently (when the start to look dingy and 'old'), and have thus far been quite happy with these cups.However!
We hand wash all plastics that our daughters use, so if you use the dishwasher for cleaning these your experience is likely to differ.
We toss the cups as soon as this becomes noticeable, but a slight design change to eliminate the space would be welcome to those of us who are hand washing.These cups certainly fulfill their mission and I am very happy we have them, I just wish we could get a little more mileage out of them before tossing (since every little bit helps - replacing frequently is somewhat expensiveThese cups are GREAT because they are not the traditional spill-proof sippy cups that you find everywhere!
THANK YOU First Years for making these as I haven't been able to find another good old fashioned sippy cup!!
We have these and the Philips AVENT BPA Free Natural Drinking Cup, 9 Ounces (which is a pretty fast flow for a little one)... Our 3 other brands are sitting on the shelf collecting dust!More pros:Great price!
I don't have to worry about losing a pricey cup at play dates, etc...Top rack dishwasher safeCup, top, and stopper (there aren't a million pieces to clean)Also recommend: The First Years Take & Toss 5 Count Spill-Proof Trainer Sippy Cups with Removable Handles, 7 OunceI have some of these cups that I have been using for my son, and while generally they are great, they do no t travel very well.
Imagine my disappointment when I realized my SEVEN new cups came with ONE capThese sippy cups are fantastic.
We love all the different colors and that they are space savers in the cabinet.
We used these almost exclusively until she needed a bigger cup for daycare.
I would recommend every parent have theseI have been looking for inexpensive sippy cups that are BPA free to send to daycare with my daughter, now that we are transitioning from bottles of breastmilk to other milk.
These sippy cups are perfect.
As for traveling, they do come with one travel cap which is nice, but instead, I also purchased theThe First Years 6 Pack Take & Toss Snack Cups, 4.5 Ounce, Colors May Varywhich have lids that fit perfectly on the sippy cups.Most importantly, my baby drinks out of these with no problemsYes, these are cheap and handy, but don't count on them not leaking if your kids (like mine) drop them, knock them down, or toss them around.
No, they don't "spill" when knocked over, but if you aren't right there when they get tipped over they might as well have spilled because by the time you get to it enough liquid will have leaked out that it might as might as well have spilled.
For outside, or the zoo/park/beach/kitchen they are great.
The rubber cover will keep the leaks in check in a bag for the most part.
Best of all you can trash them and it's not going to make a huge dent in your wallet.
The lids stay on tightly and the liquid inside is easy enough for kids to drink out of.
There are no valves to clean, the cup itself is easy to clean, and the optional caps are great for capping the cup while in a bag.
This cup, however is not completely leak proof when on its side, and if you have kids who shake the cup while it's upside down, you will have drops of liquid coming out of the cup.
Thankfully for us, our kids keep the cups upright and are beyond the cup gnawing phase; these cups are perfect for our family.That said, this cup is probably not the best for beginning cup users or kids who still like to throw cups around, but are great for those who are just trying to learn how to walk around with a drink and may sometimes drop a cup by mistakeI get the whole "Take and Toss" concept.
First off, my son hated sippy cups.
We started trying to use them at 6 months to introduce different juices, and he very rarely ever willingly took a sippy cup.
He actually, right around his 1st birthday, willingly drank from a straw, so we switched to those cups gladly.
ANYHOW, with very light use and hand washing of these cups, all of the spouts started cracking.
My son was always more interested in just playing with that piece than actually drinking from the darn cup.
Conclusion, these are definitely not going to be the only sippy cups you ever buy if you go with these.
I would have purchased different ones, not that I HATED these, but I certainly didn't love themWithout reservation this is the best cup out there!
Our 15 month loves it, its easy to use and we take a couple with us everywhere.
Easy to clean, and easy for baby to use - these are perfectThese are great but will need to be replaced after a while.
My daughter chews on the lids and after a while they will start to leak...I would not describe them as spill proof either-you will still need to watch out for leaks etc-but they are a good product for the priceI don'[t want to offend anyone, but I had to laugh at the reviews criticizing this product for only working well the first time.
Do we not understand the meaning of 'TAKE N TOSS'?
They go everywhere with my Daughter and I. I love they're disposable so I don't have to lug around a dirty sippy all day.
I'd highly recommend theseI'm not sure why I purchased this through amazon, it was cheaper at Target, at least I got the colors I wantedI've got piles of sippy cups for my daughter and collectively, I cringe to think how much money was dropped on all of them.
In a desperate attempt at finding something new, I grabbed some of these Take and Toss cups figuring there wasn't much to lose considering how cheap they were.I was very excited to see that they said they were dishwasher safe...meaning, they'll probably last just fine for more than one use.I've only had them a couple of days and I'm SO happy I got them.
It'll save your sanityDoes a great job of not spilling and keep a good flow of milk/water into our toddler's mouth.
We've had other cups that he would take too much at once and end up overflowing out of his mouth but these work great.
Great priceI bought these for travel because I figured we would loose several on the way.
We have managed to hold on to them relatively well.
We don't use our insulator ones anymore.
I'm happy with them and recommend buying both sizesCute, cheap and they work!
Can go through dishwasher and be used again and again - very durable.
But if you lose one its ok because they are super cheap to replaceThese cups are nice enough, but the lids are not at all durable.
My daughter is 16 months old and loves to throw her sippy cups and so far we had no issues with the lids coming off.
I love the part that there is just a lid and no valves to pop in.These are great in the car, for travel and in the highchair.
I went back and bought the 10 oz cupsFirst off, this is not a cup for a parent with a child that throws cups or pulls lids off or flips cups upside down and shakes them on a regular basis.
If you want one of those then you need to get a cup with a valve that's closer to a bottle.
They're cheap and they stack in the back of your cabinet so you can just pull them out when you need them.The cups are dishwasher safe, they do crack when chewed on but besides that they're fairly strong for something that is disposableMy son is only 10 months old and can't use this seat because there's not enough space between the seat and the tray.
He's not a fat child, either, only in the 50th % and it cuts right into his belly.
It is very easy to set up and put back together and easy to clean.
Our son sits well in it and doesn't scream or anything in it either so that's a huge plus.
It is very compact which is a nice plus for traveling and space.
I like being able to attach it to other chairs and being able to get it back together in no time without any help.
That's a plus if you're traveling alone.
I'd highly recommend this for any mom who loves to travel.
We had fallen in love with a different brand that our friends had, so we ran out and got this thing.
Mistake.Plus side: will hold a child upright while being fed.Minus side: straps do not detach easily for cleaning.
Tray is not fully adjustable.
This is the second portable we had to scrap.
There is still a lot of engineering that needs to be done on this modelThis chair is good only if your baby is small.
One of my guys is a little chubby and we can't put the tray on beacause it squeezes his tummy.I do like the fact that it fold up very nicely for travel purposesWe bought this without really taking time to research it because we were in a rush over the summer and needed a booster to use at a relatives house who doesn't have one.
I wish I read the reviews first, because I would have bought the "on the go" booster instead.
Oh well, that's the beauty of heindsight I guess.
:-PThis seat serves it's purpose.PROS:Hard plastic seat and tray is easy to cleanStraps, once assembled and fastened, stay tightTray is removableFolds up for storageGood for light use, I wouldn't use it everyday- read the cons and you'll understandCONS:Tray is HARD to remove, you have to grasp and pull the sides JUST SO to get it to pop off (I have to struggle to stiffle an array of 4-letter words quite often when trying to take the tray off)It's cumbersum to set up and fold down and you'll need both hands to do both (we use the "on-the-go" booster at my mother-in-law's and I can open it with one hand, plop my daughter in the seat, strap her in, and strap the booster seat to the chair easily).
First you need to untangle the straps, make sure they're going in and coming out of all the right places, THEN you can put your toddler in first and attach the booster to the seat next or vice versa.
The removable tray is nice, but again, a struggle to take off more often than not.
(It's only been used a half a dozen times in the past year) But I wouldn't recommend it if you're going to use it more than once a month.
If you need a booster to use more often, I'd recommend the "on-the-go" booster seati love this seat!
i love how the straps wind up, the seat completely folds up, and the lid snaps on!
how cool is that!
it travels so nicely!
i definitely recommend this productMy in-laws live far away, and they bought this chair for my daughter to use when we stay at their house.
She has been able to comfortably sit in it since about 5 months old.
This storage compartment is useless and has always been a nuisance for meWhen I was expecting my 3rd child, my children were about 18 months, and 4 years old... and I needed to pass down my toddlers highchair to the baby...This saftey first seat is excellent!Features...* The straps that attatch the booster to the chair can roll up underneath the booster seat.
)* A lap belt that keeps my son in the chair.
It doesnt adjust, but if your baby no longer fits with the tray, they are probably old enough to use the booster underneath the table (like my now 2 year old).I really do not have any complaints, the chair is very sturdy, can fit on nearly every chair we use, and is great for travel, but now my son really doesnt want to sit in the "baby" seats at the restaurants, but I do not like the boosters without straps for the chair that they provide... so this may start getting out more oftenGreat!
Before I opened the packet, I put it in the freezer for 10 minutes.
I couldn't get the material to a uniform thickness with the roller, so I used a book - it was easier for me to press down once (fairly evenly, since the book was bigger than the material ball) than it was for me to repeatedly roll over the material ball.
(Also, make sure it isn't too thick or it will smush against the glass when you frame it.)
If you don't put it back in the freezer, the impression material will stick to your baby's skin.
(I tried lotion and baby powder - separately - as others mentioned, but the impression material still stuck to Dragon Baby.
When it dries, little holes and creases appear - so I took a nail file (I didn't have any sandpaper) and filed the edges and the top, around the footprint, to make it look more smooth.Dragon Grandma thought it was professionally done in some special baby studio.
It really does look wonderful if you can spend some time on it (which mamas don't tend to have).
Also, the wood on the frame is so crappy that the back was cracked in two places when I opened the box!
The &#34;clay&#34; looking material is a foamy type of material and is always malleable (stays gooey even when dried) and it is quite difficult to get a good impression when you pull your baby's hand or foot away.
I originally thought it would be more clay-like.
I read many of the Amazon reviews for tips (thanks!)
The foam stuck in certain areas, primarily around the edges, which get cut off.
Then when I used a cutting board to press the foam flat, some of the cuts in the cutting board showed up in the foam.
Hard to explain.
A bit of touchup with fingers will help, but there is no way you can expect perfection and that annoys me.When it was all done, a piece of black lint stuck to the middle of the footprint.
Ugh!
I agree that if you don't flip it, the mold will curl/warp.
Used scissors to trim off some roughness on the cut edge.
An x-acto knife did not work to clean up the edges because it's foam.
When I handled it after maybe 42 hours, it wasn't really done.Frame is OK. Not the best, but acceptable.
I have a girl, but the pink looks tacky, so I'll use the blue... or maybe I'll replace it with a mat of my own color choice.All-in-all a bit of a pain to work with, but so nice to have a (hopefully) permanent imprint of my baby's foot at 1 month of age.
After all, there's no way to wind back time to remember how small she was.
We bought two sets, one for each child.
We called the company and they mailed us a replacement clay free of charge.
Maybe they have altered the directions to help alleviate any problems since she purchased hers).
I too had enough left over to make a handprint which I was happy about :) I am so glad to have this keepsake of my baby's adorable little footI bought 2 of these frames to give to the grandmothers for Mother's Day from my 17 month old.
She has tiny hands, so they fit fine (although I wouldn't recommend it for kids her age with larger hands, definitely designed for infants).
It was so easy to to do.
The material is really easy to work with.
It is so easy to get baby's foot and hand in it.
It isn't goopy so you can bring the material to the baby instead of trying to do the balancing act of getting the baby positioned over the material and then trying to hold her still while you put her into the stuff.
This package you just grabbed the appendage you wanted to imprint, put the material to the foot/hand and pressed gently in.
The frame was easy to put together after the caste was all dry.
The set has the background pink on one side and blue on the other.
Not very much, but just enough to be noticeable.
It worked great.
It was easy to follow the direction.
The molding material is easy to work at.
I have used these for each of my children and I love how easy it is to capture their tiny foot prints.
I only had to replace the clay for one out of three kids since I messed it up.
It is forgiving and you have many chances to re-do the print if you want.
Do not strive for perfection or you will hate this, but a great print is possible.
I know a couple of people who've been happy with this product but it just didn't work for us.
It is tough to do with a squirmy baby and once we did finally get a mold the contrast wasn't very striking--a footprint with ink may look better.
Not worth the effort or $, in my opinionI have checked out many of the baby foot print frames and this one is by far the best quality and the easiest to use.
I have two!
Love them!
(I have even knocked one off the wall on accident and it didn't break - they are good quality, not cheapTurned out nice.
Not clay like other things I got but works nice cause this foam does not crack like clay.
Quality is pretty goodWhile I didn't have the problems others had with a broken frame, I was still very dissatisfied with the quality of the product.1) The blue background is so light that it looks more like a blueish grey than blue, the pink was fine but we were going to use the blue side.2) The clay is a horrible item to use for this purpose.
The instructions tell you to roll it in aluminum foil.
I have since emailed the company two or three times and have received no response.
I am so glad I did.
I have lotion and baby oil in the side pockets and everything just fits perfectly in the bag.
I can also put my keys and wallet in the zipper section also and I still have plenty of room.
I love the backpack style and how compact it is and it works great.
I think the price is very reasonable and well worth.
Trust me you will use it all the time and wonder why you have those other diaper bags.
I would highly reccommend this backpack style diaper bag to everyone!
My son is 2 1/2 months old and I can carry everything he needs in this bag.
Try this diaper backpack one time and you will be hooked like meIt is a great looking backpack and works if you only need to go somewhere for a short period of time.
It doesn't hold very much and the top doesn't close like you think it shouldThis bag is nice because it isn't an shoulder bag like most baby bags.
It only has one pouch which does not fit all bottles.
I do like the side zipper for easy access.
Not the best buy for the moneyI purchased this because I liked how it looked.
I liked the side zipper for easy access to items in the bag.
There is only 1 compartment for bottles and it is small and does not accommodate all types.
The pro to the monitor is that it picks up the smallest sounds.
There's so much static that it almost completely drowns out my crying baby!
They usually have such great quality products.
This monitor doesn't have all the neat features that the soothing dreams did, but it does something the other didn't - it WORKS!
The sound quality is wonderful.
Don't waste your money on a monitor with more frills that doesn't work as well - this is all you needWe received this as a present and while it has some nice features, it's rather noisy overall.
Our home is a two story and my daughter's room is directly below ours.
Maybe it'd work better in a home where the recievers are farther apart.
It does however, pick up the lightest sounds from my daughter, you just have listen very closely.
The moving lights are a nice feature and work perfectly.
All in all, I probably wouldn't buy it, but as a gift it works well enoughI received the GRACO dual receivers as a baby shower gift.
This monitor was not very good.
I travel to Indiana because my younger sister lives there.
It was only $20 so I figured if it worked even half as well as the GRACO it would be okay.
Let me tell you, it is great.
I was tempted to take this monitor back home with me and bring the one I have in my house to Indiana my next visit.
This is a great monitor, don't be fooled because it is cheap that it isn't good.
It is greatThis monitor is wonderful.
Talk about getting a lot of bang for your buck.
The monitor has noise indicator lights, so when you can't hear the monitor (ie volume turned down, or you're vaccuming) you can see if baby is fussingWell I purchased this monitor over a year ago when my son was born last November 2002, and I have had no complaints.
The monitor does have background noise when you turn it on, and I only use the AC Adaptor, but it works well for my needs.
So far, Fisher-Price has been a company I have bought many baby items from.
So, although others have only had short term luck with their monitor, I highly recommend this product , and I've had it for over a yearThis monitor worked great for the first week.
I highly recommend the Sony babycall monitor (also carried by Babies R Us, but not online).
It has a wonderful voice activated only feature that allows perfect silence from the monitor unless baby is fussing (i.e., you won't hear the vacuum cleaner or the dryer or the neighbor's dog barking, etc.
I bought the Sony and retired the Fisher Price and am sleeping better than I have in weeksI purchased a different monitor and ..., ended up exchanging and puchasing this monitor.
The clairty is so good and it's as if my baby is in the same room.
The price is also unbeatable.
They are all helpful and can be used until your baby is a toddler.
The nail clippers and tweezers have a magnifying glass on them which makes it much easier for clipping babies nails.
It is very nice and has everything you need.
I really like the the finger nail clippers the best.
We use the brush and comb a lot also.
Not to mention its bulkyness.We returned it and bought Nursery and Bath Care Set by Summer Infant Products.
For additional [money] you get a few more extra items, all secured in elastic loops in a compact pouchThe nail clippers,hairbrush, and comb are great but I did not care for the rest.
It would be cost effective to buy the items seperately from this companyI registered for this thinking it would be great.
RIIIIGHHHTTT.. haha..
The only things in it I can use are the nail clippers (but I cannot use the magnification because it distorts everything and I cannot see my sons nails), the hair brush which is nice, the comb which is nice, and the nail files which I dont like anyways because the chalkboard scrapping sound lol.
And the tweezers are very flimsyYou don't have to worry about your kid getting these out of the outlet since it's nearly impossible for you to get them out of the outlet.
They lock in securely and require some serious effort to remove.
Great for peace of mindI have to agree with many of the reviews here...these outlet plugs manage to keep babies and adults from accessing outlets pretty effectively, but that was why I bought them.
It seems there are two types of outlet plugs available at this point: those that babies can figure out in very little time (and are easy for parents to remove too) and those that keep babies out (yet give parents trouble as well.
They do give me confidence though that my baby is safe--now he's only 8 months, but is very active and I'm sure would figure out other plugs in no time.
and have tried to minimize the need to take these plugs in and out of high-use outletsI love this product - highly recommend for the mommy and daddy who have busy body babies that cant stop touching everythingI switched from the basic plastic covers to these when my son learned how to pull those out easily.These require two hands and some wiggling back and forth to get out: they don't pull straight out.There's no way my son (or any kid!)
is going to get these out, and that's their purpose... To keep him safe.
I'm willing to spend the extra 10 seconds and a little minor effort to pull them out to keep it that wayFinally, an outlet cover that my 18 month old can't figure out how to removeThey work alright, NO ONE will use your outlet, not even you.
They are impodsible to remove.
I had to use a pointed tool with one hand while squeezing three buttons simultaneously with the other hand.
Sounds easy huh?
And, they're the only ones I've found that work on the plugs with the rectangular openings in the face plateThese along with the Safety 1st Adapter and Plug cover (for outlets in use) are the ONLY thing that stops my toddler in his tracks.
Then I tried the convex style Munchkin brand covers, which he actually got off BETTER than I could due to his small fingers.
They work.
He can pull on them all he likes, but he doesn't think to use the two-step release system.
I think they may have improved the product or something since the reviews started.
We feel much saferThese are good and safe, exactly what they should be but, if i had known better i would have bought the sliding ones with the screwYes, these things work.
NO baby can get them off.
Thing is, if your outlets aren't 100% sturdy (i.e.. loose sockets), you adults will have a tough time too (because of how tightly they stick).
Your best bet is to alternate: use these in your baby's primary play area and choose a more user-friendly model for the places you plug in most.
(The simple ones without the release buttons.)
This works for usThese will definitely keep your little one out of the outlets -- highly recommended for safety!
However, I have weak hands and can't get them out w/o my husband's help.
They are a bit tricky to get in and out, and they require enough force that if your outlets aren't solidly mounted, they'll move about too.
They do the job, but I much prefer theSafe Plate for Electric Outlet - Bulk 25 Pack - White with Single Screw.
And that's exactly what we wanted -- something impossible for babies to remove and a very appreciated pain the the a-- for adults to take out as well.
I'm ordering more this week for the rest of the houseYes, they are difficult to remove... that is the point, of course.But they break easily upon removal.Only use in outlets you have absolutely no intention of using until after your child is old enough to know not to stick anything in themWe tried these when my todder started to be able to pull out simpler socket protectors.
Second, my 2 year old was able to figure out the mechanism and strong enough to pull them out within 20 minutesThese are some heavy-duty plug covers, which is a good thing.
I have twin boys who see everything as an interesting challenge, yet they can't get these covers out of the outlet.
Sure, they take a couple moments for us adults to remove, but the benefit outweighs any silly impatience one might feel while wiggling the cover out.
These are so much better than the old style plug covers, which my daughter used to just pluck right out of the outlet and put in her mouthThere is no way she will be getting these out.
Don't buy these if you think you will need to take them out oftenWe purchased these along with some cheaper plugs.
We installed these on outlets that we use often and they are a breeze to remove.
It definitely takes two hands to push the top button and squeeze the sides at the same timeThese plugs are actually really difficult to open so I end up pulling them out of the outlet sockets anywaysIt works for the baby(and me.... haha...) I have installed only one and can't removed it.
My husband can but I can'tMy 18 month old son easily pops off all the other plug covers but cannot get these off.
We had the cheaper ones by the same company that you don't press to put in the outlet and my 18 month old daughter was able to pull them right out.
Let me tell you... these things are HARD to get out of the wall, even for me.
You just need to figure out how to take them out and find a gadget that can help depress the safety - a screw driver works well for us.
We bought two types, put these in the areas our son has a lot of access, and on outlets we dont use much.
Yes, they do take a little work for an adult to remove- you have to kind of wiggle them out-but it is pretty simple.
Overall a great no fuss product at a great priceThese work well keeping people out of the plug.
It hurts my fingers trying to pry these out of the outlets.
I have three kinds in the house, and these are by far my favorite.
There is no way he is going to be able to remove theseYou have to push in on both sides of these to remove them, every single one in the pack had one side already jammed in and wouldn't move.Pushing the sides in doesn't move the latch enough for the cover to come out, you then need to wrestle with it to get it out which is not good for your back when you are already leaning down to do this.They are a good idea but very badly madeThese seem like the best outlet plugs money can buy.
They may be a little hard to remove when you want to vacuum, but there is no way your baby will get them out of the wall socket.
I am very glad I bought theseI bought a bunch of these for our house based on the reviews that said they were impossible to get out.
I'm not sure if we received a defective batch or what, but some of them stay in, and others can be pulled straight out and wont lock in no matter what we do.
You have to squeeze the two size buttons and depress the top button at the same time.
Two handed operationI bought these based on the great reviews and put them in the outet.
I guess they are good at keeping your child out of the outet, but not practical if you ever plan on using the outlet.
I sent these backMy daughter has the kind that just plug in and you have to pry your fingernail down between the plug and the fixture to get the darned thing off.
I have soft fingernails so it's really hard for me to do that when I want to use and outlet at her house.
All you do is squeeze the sides and push the top button and they pull right out.
It's great because they stick out a little from the wall so you can get a much better grip on them and don't have to use your fingernails to pry them off.
However, it would be a challenge for a baby to get them off because he probably couldn't squeeze the sides and push the button at the same time.
I'm happy with the purchase.
I think people should get a few and see what works for them.
We had to use pliers to wrench this thing out of the outlet, and by the time it came free, it was completely destroyed.
We tried multiple ones from the box and they are all the same (we had hoped that the first two were just defective).
BEWARE!
With the top button continually depressed, you need to patiently rock the plug up and down until it comes out.
Personally I feel that the tight fit is a sign of a good design and most certain to frustrate even those toddlers with good coordination.After a few weeks of regular use, my husband can now remove them with one hand in a single pull.
It takes a few minutes of practice and some finger strength for adults to get it right, but there is absolutely no sense in installing the 'other' outlet covers that can be ripped out of the wall then choked on by a baby is there?
I've also had a few of those 'other' ones snap off inside the outlet, which really was a treat..should not happen with these plugs.So if you want safety these are the plugs to get.
Been using them for nearly 5 years now and never have my kids come even close to getting them removed.
Why take chances??
So these gadgets did and still do help me, especially the nail clippers, files, and hair brush.
I disagree that baby's nails are that soft that you can peel off - that would mean that you would have to wait until it gets too long before you can peel it off - I don't want to risk my baby scratching himself with the long nails or getting a hang nail or so long that it actually near the nail off itself where it might tear too deep and bleed.
I do agree that the nail clipper could be a little smaller but it still works.
Great productsI suppose first-time parents think that this is the best collection of baby necessities available!
But, what first-time parents don't realize is that you'll get the most important of these things from your hospital when you leave after having baby!
I've volunteered and had children at several hospitals in several states, and the going-home kit always included a nasal aspirator, a little brush and comb set, a bunch of alcohol wipes to care for the umbilical stub, a shampoo scrub brush (not included in this set, but fabulous, especially for cradle-cap babies), and a little baby nail clipper.
What's included that is unnecessary:emery boards/scissors: baby's nails stay soft for most of the first year, to the point that you can just peel off the overgrown part of the nail easily, without having to contend with a wriggling baby in one arm and a sharp implement in the other handmedicine dropper/spoon: should your baby require liquid antibiotics, the medicine will come with a syringe-type applicator, which you place into baby's mouth and then press the plunger to dispense.
Baby will swat it out of your hand and you'll have pink and white stains everywhere.
Use a medicine dropper?
Your baby's meds will come with the dispenser, so these are unnecessary.temperature tester: very very inaccurate, especially since babies are still not quite self-regulating when it comes to body temperature.digital thermometer: do yourself a favor and register for an ear thermometer.
-- and can be used for an older child as well as a wriggly, sick baby.
The brush is too rough for a baby under 2, and the comb I started to use it when my daughter was 3 months old, because is too rough for a newborn.
The nail clipper is too big for my daughter little The comb it's OK...
The nail fillers are way TOO ROUGH too.
!UPDATE---> I'm writing this note because after reading my comment after a year I have to say that I wrote this review stating that the items doesn't work for a newborn as they promise, but most of the items you can use them for an older baby...
Great for travel.
Roomy case to add first aid stuff.
A must havethis package has every thing i was looking fore and in a great price ...it's perfect for all new momsThis is another must, I LOVE the brush and the nail clippers, they are perfect for her little fingers and she loves chewing on the handle of the tooth cleaner.
i bought it and im only using daily the brush and the nail clippers.
I bought another thermometer since, this one wasnt very reliable, and all the other things are not really necessaryThis Nursery and Bath Care Set contains a number of highly useful baby items stored in a case that's compact and sturdy enough for regular travel.
Our son recently turned two and we still have the kit on-hand for almost daily use.The best items include* the well-designed medicine spoon: It stands upright on its own so you can pour liquids into it and see how much you've dispensed; the guidelines are metric on one side and English on the other; the spoon itself is sized well for baby with little to no mess* the nail clippers: Big handle for sure gripping while holding a potentially squirmy customer* the bath thermometer: Much more accurate than so many other bath toys that try to do double duty as a thermometer).The most disappointing component was predictably the thermometer.
It's a pretty simplistic digital model that needed to be held in place too long to get very accurate readings from a baby.
My wife and I use it ourselves and it works fine.
If your baby tends to get a lot of fevers, invest in a high-end ear or forehead thermometer for the best combination of accuracy and speed.
The toothbrush is also not very helpful because by the time baby is ready to begin brushing, he or she will want a less clinical-looking model with a smaller, softer head than this one has.One note on the negative review at the top of the page: maybe everyone should move to Ann Arbor, MI before delivering because the hospitals and pharmacies are much more liberal with their giveaways there.
We loved our hospital experience, but our parting gifts consisted of a bulb aspirator (which wasn't as nice as the one in this kit), a pat on the back and a "have a nice day now".
Leaving the hospital and coming home with a newborn, especially your first, can be an unbelievably hectic time - I wouldn't want to rely on the possibility of freebies to help us take care of our baby.Given the low cost of this kit, it's well worth knowing that you're prepared to come home with your newborn.
And the Nursery and Bath Care Set will continue to pay off with its travel convenience and useful contents for years to comeThe Hospital's Choice 30 Piece All-in-one Child Care Kit contains everything here and other items I have used such as the hairbrush (my son loves the feeling of this brush on his scalp and it was helpful with cradle cap), medicine dropper, rectal thermometer, and nail clipper.
IMPORTANT: THE BEST TOOL FOR CLIPPING INFANT NAILS IS A NORMAL ADULT CUTICLE CLIPPER.
It is easier to manage and you won't clip off pieces of their fingers, as I have done with the infant nail clipper (and many other mothers have done the same I have since learned).
Nail files are not effective, nor is biting their fingernails!
I have tried everything.
I love the storage aspect of the 30-piece kit as it zips up neatly and allows enough room to consolidate other relevant things such as teethers.
If you were to buy various kits separately for the items you will use, it would add up to the same cost without the benefit of one nice bit storage bag.
You'll also be missing out on the changing pad and baby wipe container none of the other kits come with.The little remedies kit will have everything else you may be missing from a medical sandpointThis is a fantastic kit to give any new parent.
A friend of mine just had a kid and received this as a gift.
They've been keeping this in the car for when they're visiting or just out and about.
So this came in handy.
The only items I really use are the nail clippers, thermometer and baby brush.
Because the nail clippers are so big in my hand I don't drop them as easily as I would regular small ones if my baby hits my hand.
They are nice and sharp also.
I haven't found a need for the way the top is able to swival though.
The brush is like a typical baby or doll brush (very soft and fine) and doesn't help getting the cradle cap scales off very well.
It has everything in it you need for basic hygien of a baby plus it's convenient for traveling.
The price is good, the brand is good, the products are good, just buy it alreadyi didnt know they had a pink option but the blue still looks nice for my baby girl.
I love the brush, very soft and the fact that it all fits in that case is nice to have organized.
hope i can keep it like thatI registered for this item and it arrived while I was in the hospital.
I'll admit that not all the items are necessary, but it is still a fabulous kit.
The brush and comb are obviously highly useful.
The nail clippers are my favorite even though I did get several pairs with gifts and such.
The scissors and aspirator have also been handy.
I never used the alcohol wipes or emery boards.
I haven't used the tweezers yet, I just haven't needed them, but I'm sure the day will come.I used one of those rubber finger toothbrushes until my son was about 9 months old, but when he bit clean through it and bruised my finger we switched to this toothbrush.
(my son was a fairly early teether and was cutting his molars by then).
The temp tester has been used since his first tub bath at just a few weeks old and still is.
The digital therm.
has been great.
I've always used it to get an underarm temp.
not an oral.
I was told by both my son's doctor, her nurses, and the workers at Babies R Us that the ear thermometers were less reliable unless you got a hospital quality one, which is not what is available in the stores.
I haven't used the medicine dispensers because most medicines come with their on droppers but if I ever loose one or have to throw one away for some reason I can because I have these reusable ones as backups.Overall I think this is a great kit for new parents and I'd recommend it to anyoneIt's been 1yr.
But the only items I regularly use are the baby-hair-brush and the nail clippers.
You can buy both of these seperately & I would have if I knew I'd not use the rest of the kit!
I do highly recommend the Nail Clippers from this manufacturer, they have seen much use over 1 year's time and they still work great.Tried using the Thermometer but it was very difficult to use - bought a better one for very little money AND we ended up getting an ear-thermometer anyway, as for the medicine spoon & dropper, (as any doctor will affirm) it is important to use the medication dropper provided WITH any medicine you purchase (I did not know this as a new-mom previouslyI got this for my baby shower and was very disappointed when I opened it.
I know the clippers and thermometer are necessities, so was excited to see that this kit came with both of us.
However, when I opened it I realized that the clippers and thermometer are both cheaply made, therefore I will have to purchase them both separately.
We're about to go on a trip and the portablility (case) is greatMy baby is 4 weeks old, I have not yet used a thing from it.
Get a nosefreida instead of the bulb thing, get baby nail scissors instead of the clippers, the teething tablets have been recalled and I can't get the medicine-dispensing pacifier open to put the medicine in.
This doesn't have anything magical in it that you would overlook...when baby has a snotty nose, you have to clean it; when baby has a fever/pain, you have to relieve it, etcAfter having this product for 8 months of my daughter's life I'd say I have used and still use every product except the medicine syringe, as it didn't contain enough suction to hold any medicine.
But the truth is you won't need most of it.Let's start with nail care.
Those nails are also so soft the first couple of years that you won't be able to use the scissors or files on them.
I ended up using the files and we use the scissors to cut tags off of new outfits.Then you have all medical stuff.
The nasal aspirator in this set doesn't work.
None you will ever buy will work as well as the one they give you in the hospital.
This also goes for the thermometer.
They are inaccurate and the doctor will not take readings form them.We still haven't used the medicine spoon or dropper.
If you child needs medication it will come with a syringe which is quiet frankly easier to use then a dropper.
And at 14 months our daughter still can't take any medication from a spoon.
Our doctor said that usually doesn't happen until 3 years of age.Then there were the tweezers in this set...in 14 months we still have not figured out what these things are for!
You've also got the toothbrush.
the bristles are also more like that of an adult toothbrush.
So this was added to our stash of cleaning brushes.So what have we used of this set...the brush.
But we use the brush every single day.
The large handles on the items (especially the clippers and scissors) are very handy so that you don't have to worry about slipping and accidentally cutting your squirming newborn while trying to do those ever-important nail trimmings.
The purple color is great and it all comes in a great carrying case complete with an important information magnet that you can stick on the refrigerator for baby sitter's etc.
I am thoroughly pleased with this kitI love this kit.
Everything in this kit is a necessity and works well.
It includes everything you'll need for baby well care in a convenient storage pouch.
All of the pieces I've tried so far work very well also.
The clippers are my favorite since they are very easy to handle.
The scissors work for nails as well.
The brush is excellent....very soft bristles for my daughter who doesn't have much hair yet.
Nail files and alcohol swabs are nice extras.
The bulb syringe works better than the one from Gerber that I have and the thermometer was a cinch to use as well.
I love this set and keep it clipped on my nursery cart.
It also comes with a useful book on taking care of your baby.
Definitely the best kit with the most baby essentialsThe thing I use most in this kit is the hair brush.
The nail files are okay.
The medicine dropper was useless.
It wouldn't suction up any medicine.
So, in all, if I were to do it again, I'd just buy the pieces one-by-one rather than in this kit since I haven't used much of it, and the parts that I have used, have mostly unimpressed meI'm not sure what the other reviewers are talkinga bout.
I have used NOTHING from it.
The brush and comb are okay.
The nail clippers are too difficult to see what you are doing and so I end up cutting my daughter's fingers - the nail scissors are too dull to cut her nails.Overall, this is a cheap set and I wouldn't recommend itI put this on my registry and received it at my shower.
I have been pretty pleased with it as well!
*I didn't like the bulb syringe at all... it's not very flexible.
*The nail clippers work great!
I use them quite a bit since my son's nails grow so quickly.
Some say to just tear the end of the nail off, but I'd hate to accidentally get it tearing into the nail bed!
Ouch!
*The brush is pretty soft, but his hair isn't long enough for the comb yet.I think it's a great set, but this is the only one I have and I haven't checked out any others.
This is one does.
The compact pouch securely holds everything in place which is great for traveling.
Great valueI received this set as a gift.
Other than that, it had everything we needed.It's great for travel, and the items are well made and attractive in appearance.
I actually have 2 of these kits, one for the house and one for the diaper bageverything you need, daughter loves it... baby probably hates it, lol... good to have more than one of these setsI don't think we will be able to use any of these items.
They fit with all my Avent cups and bottles.
Also, they help to my daughter to lear to drink independentlyThey are a great product if your child takes to the trainer set, other wise, inquisitive children get distracted by them, specially because of the color choices instead of making them clear or whiteI give 5 stars to all Avent Products.
Go from Avent bottle, which these trainer handles fit on as well (we started out putting the trainer handles on my Grandson's bottles)to the Avent TrainerCupsThese are great.
They just fit to your regular Avent bottles easily.
They can go in the dishwasher too, and my son is just starting to hold his own bottle and he loves it.
He can't grasp the entire bottle so these are ideal.
What a great idea combined with the no spill teats he is catered for until he go to a sports bottle and cup.
Love themThese do just as promised, and we started using them at three months when we switched to bottles exclusively.
The first day we used them our girl clutched on with a little help, and through one year she would play with them and hold on while eating.
Better than a smooth bottle to learn how to grab on.
We have since bought the "training cup" or whatever it's called from Avent, and I was happy to see that these handles transition to the cup, too.
It's always nice when a product has a longer life, especially when it's for babiesWe took a chance on the &#34;colors may vary&#34; and lost... got pink for our son.
My boy finds these handles really easy to use.
I am thrilled that Avent offers these handles (& their Non Spill Soft Spouts).
The handles are perfect for little hands & giving the consumer the option to modify what they already own is ingeniousThis handles are fine.
I bought these and the Avent spouts so I can use my bottles as sippy cups.
They are a little stiffer than I expected, and colors definitely vary.
I have a boy, and received pink.
Playtex proved to be very useful without any leaks.
DO REPLACE SIPPY CUPS ATLEAST EVERY 6 MONTHS.
They all made of plastic and they can all build up in the bacteria no matter how you wash it.
I think these have to be the best things made for bottles.
(I expected it, but was surprised).
If I ever had anymore kids (which I'm not), I would get these againI really like these.
I have been using these to convert my daughter's Avent 4 oz bottles to sippy cups.
She is 11 months and has been using them since she was 6 months.
I got two green ones, which is fine, just wish I had a choiceEven though I saw the disclaimer &#34;colors may vary&#34;, I still did not expect to receive 2 pink trainer handles.
The picture even displays two handles of different colors.
A bit disappointedMy son is starting to hold the bottle himself and these handles are a big help.
I love that the Avent bottles I am currently using can grow with my son and turn into sippy cups.
What a great ideai personally love all the avent items!
my son is just now learning to hold his own bottle and this is helping him so muchThese only fit on the older style bottles as they lock in with the lid which on the wide mouth glass bottle is much bigger.
The traditional bottles I imagine would be great but these are useless for me unfortunatelyThese work perfectly with the avent bottles but you need to buy spouts too.
Then you can use these as sippy cupsI know the thing has the dimensions, and of course it's going to be small if it holds a 2X3 frame.
Even though I see dimensions I can't see that in my head before it arrives, this thing is so itty bitty.
Maybe great for a cramped desk space, other than that it is REALLY nice, and super cuteThis frame is perfect for a small shelf/area.
I highly recommend itI move a lot so making sure my frames are durable is paramount.
I expected smaller size and was gladly surprised that it is a medium size.
Looks great in a baby roomframe is cute.
Note that it can only be used for verticle pictures because the images on the sides are set to be vericleThis is a nice frame.
It's heavy and definitely suggests quality.
The lines and edges are smooth.
It's detailed and has a lot going on, so it definitely will be eye catching even amongst other frames, and also looks good just on its own.The finish is definitely more pewter and not at all silver.
That's fine with me - but just wanted to clarify for anyone wonderingWhen I say that Its from experience.
I have two twins, 8 mnt B.B and 3 year old B/G.
When I heard they had a "new and imporved" diaper genie, I decided to give it a shot.
Wow I HATED that one two, who woulda guessed?
There were 2 others I was looking at, the Diaper Champ, and the Neat Diaper Disposal System, yes this one wasnt in mind just yet.
I was leaning toward the champ because if all of them stunk, atleast this one didnt need refils.
THE DEKOR PLUS!
I told my husband that all of the other ones stunk, so lets just try this one, we could say we tried them all!
Well, for the occasional 3 year old pull ups, and 2x the dirty 8 month old diapers...
I LOVE IT!
This thing is just so nifty.
I keep one of those circular deoderant things attatched (sometimes 2!)
My friends have K.O the champ and wished away of their diaper genies.
Hey if you think you should get the champ because you dont need to buy so many refils, well guess what, That just means a stinky nursery and ALOT more garbage bags.
These refils last MONTHS.
I just read a review on targets website on the diaper genie.
I have used it for 7 months now and had to go buy a different one.
If you are like me, you want the products you buy to do the intended job.
This is not what you want.
Get the Diaper Champ or use a regular trash can and put it out of the way (extra bathroom, laundry room, etcThis keeps the odor at bay nicely, but unfortunately, when you add another dirty diaper you end up smelling all the old ones.
This is very user friendly: refills are easy to insert, bags are easy to remove when full, and you can even use it as a regular trash can when that glorious day arrives when your little one is potty trained.
We had the old square model where the inner lids in the pail are round and fold to the inside of the pail (that is the model in this picture).
We bought the dekor plus at babies r us.
The diaper dekor plus now is oval and the inner lid is square.
It now has a system to cut the bag on the inside of the pail, which is nice, and it has a lock for the inner lid of the pail.
The lock is necessary because in this model the odors linger if you don't lock it, hence it is not hands free as it is supposed to be.
The new oval version does not work as well, also get the smaller size model -the dekor not the dekor plusI bought this for my child's nursery.
He is now 3 months old and we are on our second bag (we just used up the one that came with the diaper pail at 2 months).
So far, no odors.
The bags do have a light scent which may help odor control.
I love that I do not feel like I am wasting bags.
I can cut the bags and make a new one when its full or if his diapers get too smelly when we introduce solid food, I will cut the bags and take them out sooner.
I absolutely love this diaper pail and recommend itThis is a great diaper bin.
It operates great and seems to be well constructed.
I have been using it for 2 weeks and so far I love itThe Diaper Dekor is excellent and does the job well.
I love it!
It doesn't hold all the ones I use before needing to wash so now I have a hanging planet wise bag in addition & the 2 of them are enough.It's nice enough looking that I would use it for a regular trash can someday when we're done with diaperingI have been using my diaper pail by Dekor for 8 months now and I love it.
I have tried out a few of the others via my girlfriends, and none seem to be as easy to use and works as well.The foot pedal design to open the lid sold me.
)I did hesitated at the thought of having to buy replacement bags.
I bought two boxes before my daughter was born, and she is now 8 months old, and I STILL have not had to buy any more boxes yet!
Well, it really does do a good job with smells.
Regular cleaning and Lysoling helps keep the pail as fresh as possible.I reccomend this pail to all my friends.
Personal experience, reviews and word of mouth are the best way to gather your research in the quest for your perfect baby productsYou can use regular kitchen bags with this one!
I works great and I love that you can lock it.
After using other diaper pails with my older kids, I highly recommend this oneI bought this product based on the reviews I read about a year ago.
Save your money, don't buy this productWe love the design, but it doesn't contain the odors.
We love how easily you can change the bag whenever you want and how much you can stuff into it.
I urge you to look at how old their baby was at the time of the review and how long they had been using it.
If the baby was newborn - forget it.
They don't know what a stinky diaper smells like.
The true test is once the baby is eating solids.
No way.
?Diaper Dekor Plus Diaper Disposal SystemDiaper Dekor Plus Diaper Disposal SystemDiaper Dekor Plus PailDiaper Dekor Plus Diaper PailDiaper Dekor Disposable SystemDiaper Dekor Plus Diaper PailDiaper Dekor Plus PailPRO:-simple design.
!-my toddler quickly figured out at 1.5 yrs old how to lock-unlock the trap door-not durable getting beat up by my 2 yr old daughterVERDICT:for your first-time OCD moms, you're probably going to buy this diaper pail regardless of my review.
It usually fills up just as I am ready to do diaper laundry, so it has a great capacity.
We used the disposable liners that came with it until I ran out, and then used the re-usable cloth liners that I purchased separately.
Both were very easy to use, and helped to keep our nursery stink-free.
Honestly, I originally wanted this one because it looked nicer than the other pails, and the white and grey went with our nursery.
Our baby is only 6 months so I haven't had to worry about this yet, but she's crawling and into everything, so I'm sure it's not far off.-Looks nice.
It really does look like a nice diaper pail.
I'm not sure if this is because it's sitting on plush carpet and not on a hard surface or what, but the lid doesn't always fully shut.
It finally broke on us for good a couple of weeks ago.Enter the Diaper Dekor...This thing is really honestly and truly hands-free.
Go to Home Depot, and buy a roll of the BLUE painter's masking tape.
It is in the paint section, and looke like a roll of masking tape, but it's blue.
Buy the 1 1/2" width.Put a strip over the recessed knob, and the kids won't be able to open the DIaper Dekor.
The reason you want the blue stuff is that it can be pulled off and WON'T leave any sticky.You could also simply put the Diaper Dekor on a shelf, and use your hand to open the top lid before dropping in a diaper.Either way, this gets 4 stars compared to the 0 star Diaper GenieThe title says it all, this is absolutely the best diaper diposal system i have tried and i tried a few.
Now my sons' poop doesn't smell yet as he is an exclusively breast fed baby.
I just know from my experience that this diaper pail does not lock in odors and we now have to keep it outside of his roomThe Diaper Dekor Plus has been pretty good for containing the smell of our baby's dirty diapers, but I'm skeptical of how it'll be once she's eating solid foods.
That flap helps a lot - it means that as the lid is opened, it isn't pulling "dirty" air up from the can's interior, so that definitely cuts down on the odor spread.The biggest issue we have with it, however, are the refills - they don't last the longest and they give no warning when they're about to run out.
Doing so, however, is easy to overlookMy son is now 3 months old, and therefore still in the baby poop phase, and we have not yet had any odor issues with this system.
The changing station we use most often is the one that attaches to his pack and play in our bedroom, and so this disposal system is in our bedroom all the time.
Bear in mind though, that my son is not yet on solids, and his poop is still just glorified bile.
I'd definitely get it again.EDIT: My son is now 7 months old and well and truly on solids with the stinky poop that goes with that.
It is a good system, and I would purchase it again.
Pros: easy to use and change the bag.
You gotta make sure your used diaper is wadded up tightly because that helps it break through the trap door (with light or barely used diapers, you'll have to probably use your hand to push it past the trap door.
I've had to do this several times).
I'm disappointed since this performs as well as a regular trash can with a foot-pedal operated lid, which is what we were using beforeI highly recommend this diaper pail.
We love the ability to take out the trash anytime, and the ease of getting to the bags and replacing the bags.
We have also put regular trash bags in when we have run out the refills and that works great as well.
yuck!
I must say that it is quite nice looking and a much better choice than the Diaper Geenie (as I have experienced with my sister's kids).
One way to mitigate it is to use Munchkin nursery fresheners or any other form of the deodorant/baking soda and place them at the bottom of the bin.
I use two and they help the odors coming from the bag into the container.
It holds about two days worth of diapers, just enough to wash every other day.
Otherwise it wouldn't last us until the next wash.
I also wish it had some kind of external lock on the lid, so that my toddler couldn't get the outside lid up and get her hands all over the inside.
Once the bags supplied with it ran out, we just used a regular 13 gallon trash bag.
It works just fine and is much cheaper.We are currently expecting baby #2, but we just bought a regular step trash can from Wal-mart for less than half of what the Dekor costs.
It works exactly the same, holds the odors in the same, is much cheaper, and holds more diapers.Overall, we've been happy with the Dekor, but for the price, a regular step can works just as well for much cheaperWe are very pleased with this diaper pail.
However, the thing we were most impressed with is the simple yet efficient disposal system.
Also, we like the re-usability aspect as a trash can for later.
Highly recommended productI love the Diaper Dekor PLUS.
It truly holds as many diapers ODOR free as they say it does.
Our son is 3 months old and we've only just opened a second bag a couple of weeks ago!
Diapers need special attention, and the Diaper Dekor Plus fits the bill!I HIGHLY recommend this stylish, practical and cost-effective disposal systemi can't speak on the ability of this diaper trashcan to contain smells since we are still breastfeeding ... but the design is awesome!
i definitely recommend this trashcanI couldn't be happier with this pail.
I put this in my room because he is still a newborn and that is where he sleeps.
Also since I know this would have helped me when i was looking for a pail I did a diaper count.
So I bought the diaper champ.
Its compact yet holds the same ammount of diapers that the "Champ" does.
Its the same size on top that it is on bottom so there is no chance of it tipping.
SIMPLEUsing the Dekor is easy as well...no handles to twist or turn...you dont even have to use your hands.
However it's nowhere near the same STENCH that the "Champ" had.My daughter is now a year and I couldnt be more pleased.
If you are using disposables I highly reccomend the Dekor Plus.
AWESOMEWe purchased two of these diaper pails in preparation for our son's arrival.
We love that there is a foot pedal for throwing the diaper in so you don't have to open the lid with your hand.
Unless the diaper is really light, we can usually just throw the diaper in, and the inner flap will open with the weight of the diaper.
The inner flap can be locked if you have nosy toddlers or pets.
The refills are easy to install, and the bags are pretty easy to tie off and change.
You can put in a regular trash bag if you want or you can buy their refill bags.
I use it with a pail liner for my cloth diapers.It does a great job of keeping the smells in.
I'd say it holds just about a day's worth of diapers easily.
I plan to wash every other day and that's just too long for this pail and our diapers.Another concern I have is the durability.
For cloth diapering, I wish I had purchased a larger pailWe did alot of research on diaper pails and this one came out on top.
It's virtually odor free (though not always!)
and sturdy.
We also like the fact that it can be used as a trash can later on.
It seems like because of that, you can fit more diapers in it.I am so glad I made this purchase, my hubby loves it, I love it, I highly recommend itI got this diaper pail soon after my son started on solid foods.
It has been very useful and easy to use.
I have had no problems with this and would recommend this to any new motherI started out with the diaper dekor because I liked the look and simple diaper tossing but we soon moved it to the garage after the newborn days, when the really stinky diapers come.
The nursery just smelled of stale poop constantly (it doesn't help that our baby is very regular with 4-5 poops a day) so we moved it to the garage.
Poo stinksMy daughter is 2-1/2 years old and we have been using the diaper dekor since she was born.
It was wonderful when she was a baby.
So now we use the Dekor as a trash can in the bathroom (which works great) and we use the regular trash for her diapers.
I researched the other pails out there, and even though they are more toddler proof, I think I will stick with the Dekor.
I did so much research when making my baby registry on this piece of equipment for her nursery because there are just so many options out there and so many people with different opinions.
It also came pre-loaded with diapers!- Compared to the Diaper Genie which you have to press the diapers through a tight seal (and diapers can thus explode all over you) this is so much better and easier to use.
My husband is very happy with it and not bothered at all in using it.
I've had friends (and especially friends' husbands) complain about the diaper genie because of the issue of having to press the diapers through a seal.Side note: I highly recommend using the original refillsDiaper Dekor Plus Refills 2 Packbecause they do a lot to help with the odor control.
It definitely helps with the smell.
I keep a box of baking soda in the bottom to absorb some of the odor as well.
Biodegradable refills2.
Smooth open and close via foot pedalI'm very happy with this purchase.
With a squirming child, being able to use one hand for diaper disposal is a plus!
We have had no issues with odor.
I also love the economical practicality of the refills.
I can't say enough about how easy it is to change the refills and empty the bags.
We have twins thus, two bins and the rooms that the bins are in STINK!
I am replacing themWe have the changing table in our bedroom and the Diaper Dekor right beside it.
For the first year there really wasn't any oder at all.
Getting a fresh bag is quick and easy to do.
You can use this system with one hand.
I do highly recommend this.
I had my baby in December 2005 and I am still using the original bags it came with as of February 2006.
Well worth the moneyWe've been using this for two and a half years now and with two kids.
The only time I smell anything is when it's pretty full and I open the top to put a diaper in, or on those rare occasions where it's super full and we haven't emptied it in a whileWe've been using the Diaper Dekor Plus since our baby was born eight months ago.
I am very happy with this product.
I don't notice any smell and I have a sensitive sniffer.
It's very easy to use.
TIP - if you roll up the dirty diaper and then fold over the sides using the velcro to secure, you make a little "package" that easily drops into the Diaper Dekor and allows more diapers to fit insideI waited a long time before writing this review because I wanted to put this thing through its paces both with a newborn and with an infant eating solids.I have to say that I couldn't be more pleased.
We can get anywhere from 15-30 diapers in it before it needs to be emptied, depending on how tight I roll the dirty diapers.We've not had a smell issue, even though this kid can really make some stinky ones!
I would still stick with this one, for sureOk, I own a diaper genie and this pail as well.
I used to use a regular can for wet diapers, and the genie for the poopy diapers, and it worked fine -until my baby was old enough to start messing with the trash can.
Then my second baby was born and I started using it for all of the young babies diapers.
However, the big "pro" to this pail is that you do not HAVE to buy the refills.
Now, I simply use cheap 13 gallon kitchen size trash bags (or medium size would work also I believe) and it's very easy to fit them in this pail...tuck it around the top ridge and it won't collapse and it's cheaper than using genie replacements (it holds more than a genie too).In summary, if you buy one pail only, the genie is still the best, you just have to suck up the cost of refills.
I like the fact that you can size your own trash bags but other than that it is just a fancy kitchen trash canI absolutely LOVE the design of this pail.
I have only had this for 6 months.
The dekor is in my daughters bedroom and is completely odor free.
The genie is also working and odor free however the genie is a pain to use.
I would suggest this to everyoneI live in a trailer and we have super tiny rooms.
This pail is a life saver.
The pail is super lightweight and the bags last a whileWe have had a diaper genie at both my home and my parents.
So, when that broke after 2+ years, we got this with baby 2.
The Dekor is much more attractive.
I had no strong feelings about it.
It's small and sleek, so not at all an eyesore in our very minimalist nursery, but it is also VERY functional.
It's easy to use, keeps odor to a minimum, and refilling it is a piece of cake.
Other than that, I think it's perfectI received this item at my baby shower (11/03) and we still have it.
The doors keep falling off, it fills up fast.
My daughter who's into everything have learned how to open the top and remove all the diapers.
We had to put kidco locks on the top to keep the top from opening and another lock on the door, because when we would open it, it would come out of it's holders.
I have to put air freshners inside it to help with the odor.Not a great pail, it doesn't cost cheap, but it's made cheapI use it with the re-usable cloth diapering Dekor Bags and it has been WONDERFUL.If you haven't already added it to your baby registry.... DO IT!
The only one I have no experience with is the Diaper Champ.
I feel that the Diaper Dekor is one of the best on the market right now from my experience.
This one looks nice and is easy to use.
I am very glad I received this as a shower giftI've been using this pail for 1 month now and it has been wonderful.
The pail looks great too, I bought the sage color.
It is really easy to use, you only need one hand which is necessary.
Great buyMy baby is 8 months old and we've had this since she bas born.
I would recommend this to anyoneWhen I went shopping for a diaper pail, I did my research because I did not want a pail that was complicated or smelly.
This diaper pail is wonderful!
The refill pack comes with three refills and each refill lasts us about 2 months.
Diaper Champ and Diaper Genie).
Very simple.
If you are using disposables and don't mind taking your diapers out to the trash every few days, you'll love this... however, if you going through a service, or just don't want to go out to the trash every few days look into a larger capacity diaper pailHighly disappointed in this diaper disposal system.
The less expense models (even the Wal-Mart brand) will.
Much less expense option and works the same as this systemYes, it comes with starter bags... if I remember right, the first starter, bag lasted about 6 weeks - I cant remember if it had one or 2 refills with it when we bought it, sorry.
It would be perfect for tolitries and other items in the bathroom!!!
!You can even change it wile baby is sleeping.
I have to say, I think that it is my favorite so far.
Both of the others I had purchased were not worth the money... they were either not easily cleaned, or did not block enough of the smell!
I like that there is a lever on the bottom you can step on so you dont even have to touch anything if you don't want to.
The refills last FOREVER... and I also feel like these bags take a while to fill up.
I would have no hesitation recommending this for anyoneI have had this diaper pail for about 2 1/2 years, I recieved it at my first sons baby shower.
After knowing MANY moms who have the genie, I am so happy someone purchased me this one instead!
It holds a ton of diapers and pull-ups!
Honestly, I think I onlyo had a stinky nursery when I over stuffed the bags, didnt clean the PAIL, and didnt keep deoderant circles in it.
It is very easy to dump in a diaper one handed, and the refils last months, litteraly!
I just bought refils a few days ago, my other ones I had since my second son came home from the hospital, four months ago!
My 2 1/2 year old can not figure out how to open this though (thank goodness!)
and he is not potty trained, but will be soon!
Hopefully this will help with the stinkI love the Dekor plus.
My mother and sister use diaper champ and I have the diaper dekor plus.
The dekor has a foot pedal which is awesome!
With diaper champ you have to plan ahead and pull open the unit or you have a dirty diaper in one hand and have to leave the baby to use your free hand to open the champ.
Champ will NOT EVEN open if it is full so now you are struggling with dirty diaper in hand and loose baby.
I have a very sensitive nose, and the only time I catch the odor from within is if I purposely hold the two flap doors open and take a whiff, or when I'm changing the bag and compacting the full one with my knee to squeeze all the air out (definitely an outside task -- stinky!).
(2) Price the bags before hand, because as others have pointed out, they're the real expense over time.
(3) Our secondary flapper door was hanging open the past few weeks, probably the result of a loose spring affected by corrosion (the air stays moist inside this pail).
They quickly -- and gratis -- sent out a replacement flapper door that easily snapped into place.
(4) It's pretty durable.
Our oldest regularly climbs and sits on this -- says it's his rocket.
lightweight, not overbuilt, though I hesitate to call it flimsyAfter checking out all the different kinds of diaper pails we decided to go with this one.
As for changing the liner, it is very easy.
But they last such a long time that it is very worth it!
My daughter is 1 year old now and we've only had to buy maybe 4 refills so far.
I'd say that is very good!The diaper dekor does not allow any odor to stink up my daughter's room.
We take them out probably 3 times a week, and that works great.
I would recommend this pail to anyoneThis is a MUST HAVE!!!!
There is no fiddling around with spinning the top like the Diaper Genie.
You just step on the foot pedal to open the top and drop in the diaper.
You can even do it while holding the baby.
It also controls the odor very well.
No twisting or other fancy maneuvers necessary.
You definitely want this one on your registryThis diaper pail was great when my daughter was a newborn and her diapers didn't have much odor.
I totally recommend this productGreat design!
Trap door keeps odors at bay and sleek design looks great in the nursery.
Got it right on my first try.
This one will serve you wellWe've had the Dekor for 8 months now and are very pleased with it.
But I love that with the Dekor bags you can just cut it off wherever you want and toss it in the trash without feeling like you're wasting a bag.
The pail is so tiny, I have to change the bag daily.
I have started using my own bags, but they are a pain to put in and take out.
I did read several reviews that the biodegratable ones aren't quite as good, so I have only used the original onesWe have had this for 7 1/2 months and are just now using the last bag in our first refill pack.
No issues with odor or use.
It was very convenient to step on the lid, have it pop right open, and drop the used diaper in, usually pretty neatly.
Then, as we started to incorporate baby food into his diet, the pail was just... sorta workin'.
It's getting to where I can't wait until trash day.
We have a ton of those and they're free, soooo... that's my plan.
Neat concept, but not really worth the money as far as I can tellMy toddler is just over 2 years old and I've been using this pail since he was born.
We live in a small condo and his room is quite small as well.
The only time I smell that is when changing the bag (so it's wide open) or if it's overfull and one of the diapers is holding open those inner flaps.
Otherwise, nope.
No smells.
Until he's toilet trained I will continue to use this and I would absolutely use it with another baby.
Fantastic at odor control.My complaints - minor - are the latch, which as others have noted is a bit flimsy and takes a bit of fiddling sometimes to get it to stay closed (not always easy with a 2-year-old trying to "help"!
VERY minor complaints, though, and certainly wouldn't keep me from using it again, and didn't keep me from giving it 5 starsI picked this off the reviews and I am not disappointed!
I love this pail...
Keeps the smell inside, super convenient, easy to clean out and replace the bags.
Easy to use.
The foot pedal works great and the cutting edge for the bags is really convenient.2.
Good odor control.3.
Even regular trash bags cost something...4.
The style (foot pedal controlled flip-up top with trap doors in) makes it impossible for our puppy to get into, and this dog is an expert at trash cans.
He hasn't even made a move for it, which says something impressive about its odor control.5.
But what I can say is that I am totally happy with this pail.
When it's closed up, no odors.
My son is now 6 months and starting solids, so we will see if the smell is still contained once his poops really start stinking :-)Agree though with one other reviewer that it would be nice if you got a heads up that the bag inside was almost out (like changing color or somethingI'm sooo glad that I bought this item.
It holds many more diapers than the average diaper can/disposal system.
It took me about 90 days to use up my first refill.
My boy is 4 months old now and we are only on the beginning of the second refill.
I think that the price was fair for such an attractive and well working system.
BEST OF ALL the bags smell like baby powder, so when you're changing out the bags, you smell baby powder, not poopoo.
Most important!
Refills are only available in Babies R US or at Babies R Us online.
Be sure that you buy "diaper dekor plus" refills for the diaper decor plus.
I accidentally bought "diaper dekor" refills.
Oops!
Had to exchange themWhen I babysat 10+ years ago in junior high I always got confused with the diaper genie, but this is so simple and easy to use.
I did find that this was about $10-$15 overpriced on Amazon compared to Babies'R'Us and Buy Buy Baby.
This product has held up well in the 8 months we've used it and keeps the room from not smellingI did a lot of research and decided to register for the Diaper Dekkor+ It is a wonderful product.
I love the one handed easiness of the product and the bags are simple to change.
Other than that, this is a wonderful product and highly recommendedAs a first time mom I was pleasantly surprised to find this diaper pail actually works!
So many of my friends tried Diaper Genie and others and claimed that no diaper disposal system really keeps out the smell or works very well.
I found that the claims Diaper Dekor makes are true.
It is very easy to dispose of the bag when it is full and there is no diaper odor in my daughter's nursery.
We've tried others as well and have concluded this one is the best and by far the easiest to use (just step on the lever it and throw the diaper in) - I want the least amount of interaction with the contents as possible and this diaper pail fills that bill.
p.s.
Here is a tip: buy a Stick up air freshener and stick it inside the diaper pail (on the wall of the pail where the diapers go) this won't completely alleviate the smell but it will help and also spray it frequently with lysolThe Daiper Dekor Plus works pretty well for the first 8 months.
Like most trash cans, you step on the pedal to open the lid.
That said, it still works.Now that our baby is growing up, however, we've been using our Dekor less and less.
If I had the chance to do it all over again, I think I'd try one of those insteadThis diaper pail is great!
He was exclusively breastfed, then had formula added to his diet, and now also eats jarred foods.
Regardless of what he eats and what his "output" is, as long as you close the diaper the way you should, this pail holds in odors just as well as any other diaper disposal system does.I personally think the design is ingenious!
We are on the first refill in the first pack.
There is a drawing that shows you how to do it, and once it's done, you won't be doing it again for months.
Also, when you change the liner, it is SO easy to take the top pieces apart to clean them.
I think it's very easy to keep this system clean & sanitary.All that said, if you're looking for the easiest possible route to dispose of dirty diapers, use your regular garbabe can and take the trash out frequently!
Would highly recommend.
The refill that came with the pail lasted until my son was almost three months old.
There is no twisting or flipping involved (nice for arthritic users).
At the suggestion of another reviewer, I put a stick-on air-freshener to help with that.The one time I had to replace the refill was easy.
Then I grab the diaper off the pail, wrap it up with all the used wipes, and toss it in.
I wouldn't be able to set the diaper there with most other diaper pailsI had some personal recommendations on the Diaper Dekor, I read the reviews and decided to get it.
Overall, I am very pleased with it.
The pedal does not work exceptionally well on plush carpet because there is little firm support underneath it, but it's good enough.
You can always put some plywood under the pail and pedal for extra support.
The refills are a bit tricky to replace the first time, but once you get the hang of it, it's very easy.
There are three to a box and we've only used two boxes in eight months.
When your child is eating solids though, you will probably want to empty the pail daily.
I've tried adding some baby powder or baking soda to the bag to help absorb the odor.
I also got some diaper pail deodorizers from Babies R Us that seem to help mask the smellI am dumbfounded.
I have two sets of twins, 8 Month B/B and 3 year old B/G.
My older twins enjoy making him a "baby".
And giving him kisses amd making him do all kinds of tricks.
I was amazed.
They love it when I attatch him to their carseats, They just got "big boy" carseats and pupsqeak of course had to make the transition too!
They had the option to play with other lamaze toys, which they loved but those just dont compare to pupsqueak.
Pupsquek is definatly NUMBER ONE FOR MY LITTLE BOYS!
Well maybe number two, but no one ever beats their loveys Puppy and DoggyOur baby, now 5 months old, loves his Pupsqueak and has since he was 4 or 5 weeks old.
The soft plush, the bright colors, that cute bark, the squeak, the rattle, those crinkly ears--what's not to love?
He loves to touch and pat it all over, pulling and grabbing each part to make all the sounds.
He loves to chew on the attached bone and squeeze it to make the crinkle sound.Like all Lamaze toys, it's well designed and well made.
He loves to look at it and touch it.
Everytime he sees it, his eyes light up.
Its very bright, with high color contrasts ( which babies love).
I give this toy 5 starsNext to BR Max the monkey (also by Lamaze) and Zach's "lovey", pupsqueak is his favorite toy.
We use him to give variety to our son and Zach really loves him!
ITs perfect for those really silent times when everyone needs a good laugh.
Along with Max, pups (what we call him) is perfect for tummy time.
Pups attatches well to almost anything, but my boistrus ball of fire gets so angrey and fustrated if we tether him to anything, he likes to hold him.
Pups is very durable and has been easily spot cleaned and even in the wash!
The colors are great for my son to stare at and he just loves him.
It also comes with a multitude of sounds, textures and colors, which has kept our son interested since the moment he laid eyes on it.
The only downer is that the recorded barking noise that plays when you press its nose is a little loud, and can sometimes jolt/scare a baby.
It was the first toy he likes, we call him puppygood qualities:- it is brightly colored,- each paw has a different sound/texture (rattle, crinkle, etc) -- when you press in the nose, the dog makes a barking noise that entertains babynot so good qualities:- most rattle type snap on toys have a ring on top that "locks" together so that you can snap the toy onto a toybar, stroller, etc.
Definitely.
Is it durable?
Seems to be (we have only had it 4 months).
Is it worth $12?
No Way.
These kinds of toys are everywhere.
She absolutely loves this toy and we take it everywhere we go.
I can lay her on the floor with this and she will move it back and forth, grab at it, and pull the ring into her mouth.
She absolutely loves the sound the ears make.
A great toy to teach your child graspingMy three month old daughter loves this toy.
She likes the dangling bone and loves the crackling of the ears.
The barking sound that the dog makes is a sound catcherMy son loved this!
We'd clip it on his Crib Bars, on his gymini, and on his Stroller!
He loved playing with it and it washed wonderfully as well.
In fact we bought the cat as well since he loved it so much